0136084-f466533f03742629de7518dd2c6c79a6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002130 00000000000 014707  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Updated July 11, 2014:

ForeFlight Mobile 6.2.1 is now available on the App Store and will resolve the app close issue. If you updated to version 6.2 and your user waypoints are missing, please contact us at team@foreflight.com for instructions on how to restore them. If you deleted and reinstalled the app as a workaround, it isn’t possible to recover the user waypoints. We apologize for this happening and we appreciate your patience while we fixed it. If you experience any further issue with 6.2.1, please contact us immediately at team@foreflight.com.

Original post:

Earlier today we released version 6.2 which includes support for our new data sync capability. Some customers are experiencing an app close after updating to 6.2, which is a result of a data migration process when run against large numbers of recent routes and plates.

We jumped on a fix as soon as the issue was detected. A fix for customers experiencing this issue is in version 6.2.1, which is submitted to App Store and pending review. As a workaround, customers can delete and reinstall the app if they need to bypass the issue.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0136002-3b5c0ddca7e72d1cdc10044372fb0a25.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017114 00000000000 015204  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Implementing Android Marshmallow Direct Share

Direct Share is a new feature in Android Marshmallow that allows users to share content to targets, such as contacts, within other apps. The core idea is that the user can directly share the relevant content without having to first open a second app, so Direct Share allows the user to skip a step in the usual sharing flow.

I came across Direct Share while working on our upcoming 1-day Android Platform Features and Community Tools classes, and now it’s become one of my favorite new additions in Android Marshmallow.

Direct Share Overview

One great example of Direct Share is sharing content to a contact in a messaging app. Here’s what that would end up looking like:

The usual share options appear, with Hangouts, Messages and Inbox listed at the bottom. However, the Direct Share targets are the various people listed at the top of this share dialog. Instead of clicking to share and then clicking into the desired messaging app like Hangouts, the most important contacts appear in the chooser dialog itself. In this flow, the user doesn’t have to click into the Hangouts app and then choose a contact, instead being able to choose a contact immediately.

For a compare and contrast example, we’re going to use a sample app that just shares a bit of text to a selected contact. Here’s what the share dialog looks like on Lollipop:

And here’s the Marshmallow version with Direct Share enabled:

Now, this is the same app on both versions, so the important takeaway here is that the feature gracefully falls back on older versions of Android to the standard chooser dialog. In this way, the Direct Share options can be added to newer versions, with the sharing functionality working just the same on older versions.

Building a ChooserTargetService

So Direct Share can save the user a bit of time and make sharing content more streamlined. But how do we actually add Direct Share to an existing app?

The first step is to create a service that extends the platform’s ChooserTargetService, which is demonstrated by the following SampleChooserTargetService.java snippet:

public class SampleChooserTargetService extends ChooserTargetService { @Override public List < ChooserTarget > onGetChooserTargets ( ComponentName targetActivityName , IntentFilter matchedFilter ) { final List < ChooserTarget > targets = new ArrayList <>(); for ( int i = 0 ; i < length ; i ++) { final String targetName = ... final Icon targetIcon = ... final float targetRanking = ... final ComponentName targetComponentName = ... final Bundle targetExtras = ... targets . add ( new ChooserTarget ( targetName , targetIcon , targetRanking , targetComponentName , targetExtras )); } return targets ; } }

Override the onGetChooserTargets() method, which will return a List of ChooserTargets that are the Direct Share options that appear in the sharing dialog.

Each ChooserTarget has a few parameters:

The name of the target

The icon to represent the target

The ranking score for this target (between 0.0f and 1.0f), which is used if there’s too many direct share items, then items with low ranking scores will be omitted.

The name of the component to start if the target is chosen

A Bundle of Extras that will be merged into the original Intent before launching the next component with that intent

The order of the targets in the chooser dialog is the same as the ordering of the list of targets that we provide. Any sorting of the targets should be done here, during list construction.

How you create those targets is entirely up to you, though typically the ChooserTarget information is constructed from the model layer of your specific app.

While we have built our ChooserTargetService, we now need to hook it up in our app, so that the system knows about the service and can use it.

First, you’ll need to declare your custom ChooserTargetService in your AndroidManifest.xml , like so:

<service android:name= ".SampleChooserTargetService" android:label= "@string/app_name" android:permission= "android.permission.BIND_CHOOSER_TARGET_SERVICE" > <intent-filter> <action android:name= "android.service.chooser.ChooserTargetService" /> </intent-filter> </service>

This accomplishes two things:

Binds the Service using the android.permission.BIND_CHOOSER_TARGET_SERVICE permission

permission Includes an IntentFilter with the android.service.chooser.ChooserTargetService action

Next, you’ll need to update your AndroidManifest.xml with some meta-data tags:

<activity android:name= ".SendMessageActivity" android:label= "@string/app_name" > <intent-filter> <action android:name= "android.intent.action.SEND" /> <category android:name= "android.intent.category.DEFAULT" /> <data android:mimeType= "text/plain" /> </intent-filter> <meta-data android:name= "android.service.chooser.chooser_target_service" android:value= ".SampleChooserTargetService" /> </activity>

For each activity that you want to expose to ChooserTargetService, add a meta-data element to it. Specify the name as android.service.chooser.chooser_target_service , and point the value to the Service defined earlier. When an implicit intent is sent out that matches with one of these activities, then the intent chooser dialog will show both the normal app icon for that activity and also the list of ChooserTarget icons. The normal app icon just opens the activity like a standard share intent would, while the ChooserTarget icons will open the activity with some initial data on the intent (specified in the ChooserTargetService).

Direct Share Flow

Let’s take a quick look at the flow between screens from a user’s perspective of Google’s Direct Share sample app. The user is starting on a normal-looking app screen, with a nice big share button that sends out an implicit intent.

Next, the user hits the share button, causing the share dialog to pop up.

When the Activity that we attached our Chooser Service to via metadata is able to respond to an implicit intent, that’s when the Chooser Service will generate its list of choices using the onGetChooserTargets() from our custom ChooserTargetService. The list of Chooser Targets will then be used to populate the dialog asking how you want to answer the intent.

In addition, the actual Activity that the meta-data was attached to will be listed alongside the generated Chooser Targets, allowing a user to just pick the Activity normally and opt away from using Direct Share. Normally, this Activity would be some kind of list of contacts or list of users to pick from.

If the user taps on one of the Chooser Targets, then the ‘choose a contact from a list’ step that is normally part of the flow can be skipped, and the user goes right to sending the content, wherever that may lead.

Avoid Clutter

We must always remember to be a good citizen—while Direct Share is neat feature, you shouldn’t use it in a way that clutters up the chooser dialog with unnecessary options. Otherwise, you might drown out the sharing options your users actually want.

In the above example, the app lists eight different users as Chooser Targets, but perhaps only the most frequently messaged contacts should be shown instead.

Learning More

Direct Share is an excellent way to streamline the user experience of sharing content, allowing users to share more easily to their most common targets.

If you found this blog post interesting and would like to learn more about the exciting features of Android Marshmallow or the various new community tools, then check out our new pair of one-day classes on the Android Platform and Community Tools. As a bonus, we’ll be taking these classes on the road, visiting cities around the continental United States. See you there!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0136110-b82a950056704a7e27048d44ba2e6140.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002662 00000000000 014570  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        I

God: Noah, all the people of earth are sinners. You alone are righteous.

Noah: Thanks God. Long time fan, first time prophet.

God: So, I have decided to smite the entire world with a flood.

(pause)

Noah: Couldn’t you just teach man goodness?

God: No. I’m thinking “flood.”

Noah: So you’d rather just kill every-

God: What part of “flood” do you not understand?

II

God: Moses…I have seen the plight of the Jews in Egypt.

Moses: Wow. Only after, uh, 400 years there, right?

God: Yes.

Moses: Awesome.

God: I will take you out of Egypt after ten terrible, terrible plagues.

Moses: …ten?

God: Is there a problem?

Moses: It’s just…ten is a lot. For, you know, God. Couldn’t you get this done in like, two plagues max?

God: No. For you see, Moses, I will harden Pharaoh’s heart against me.

Moses: So…you are going to stop him from letting us free from slavery.

God: Yes.

Moses: So you can bring more terrible, terrible plagues upon the people.

God: Yes.



Moses: And you see nothing wrong with this picture?



God:

Moses: Are there any other Gods up there I can talk to?





III

Mary: Did you send the child support?

God: Frankincense and myrrh. Yeah.

Mary Annnnnd?

God: (sighs). And gold. And the gold.

Mary: That’s better.





IV

Job: …

God: Well, this is awkward.





V

God: Abraham, you must circumcise yourself.

Abraham: As you wish, my lord.

God: Oh my Me. He’s totally going to do it.                                                                              0136085-b7d613279bc7349ff3e3ac3cfeebe909.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005723 00000000000 015357  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Reps. Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.), left, and Randy Forbes (R-Va.) spoke at a press conference at the Capitol on May 12, 2016 on legislation they have introduced to ensure proper vetting for people seeking visas to enter the United States. (CNSNews.com/Penny Starr)

(CNSNews.com) – Rep. Randy Forbes (R-Va.) said on Thursday that visas issued to terrorists turn the documents into “weapons” by allowing them entry into the United States without proper vetting.



“We also know that in the hands of terrorists, visas can become weapons,” Forbes said at a press conference at the Capitol.



Forbes – along with co-sponsors Reps. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.) and Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.) – introduced the Visa Integrity and Security Act of 2016 on Wednesday.



The Visa Integrity and Security Act of 2016, which “strengthens the Visa screening process to combat immigration fraud, utilize social media to detect threat indicators, and better detect terrorists who may be plotting attacks like the one that occurred in San Bernardino, California this past December.”



Some specifics of the legislation include “heightened” scrutiny of people seeking a visa from countries designated as “countries of concern” as it relates to terrorism, by the State Department, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Syria, Sudan and Yemen.



It also requires DNA testing, to be paid for by the visa applicant, to prove relationship status on a family-based immigrant visa petition.

Forbes cited the Dec. 2, 2015 attack in San Bernardino, Calif., by two Islamic extremist terrorists – Syed Rizwan Farook, a U.S. citizen of Pakistani descent, and his wife, Tashfeen Malik, who entered the country on a “fiancé visa” in 2014.



“We know this: We know that those visas can create problems for us. They can be well intended,” Forbes said. “This iPhone that we have was intended for a good purpose, but we know in the hand of a terrorist this iPhone becomes a weapon.



“We also know that in the hands of terrorists, visas can become weapons,” Forbes said.



“We believe that coming to the United States of America is not a right - it’s a privilege - but we think it’s a right to be secure within the United States,” Forbes said.



“So if we have to balance those two between the privilege of coming to the United States and the right to be secure in the United States, we want to give the balance to the right to be secure in the United States,” “Forbes said.



“From the 9/11 terrorist attacks to the more recent attack in San Bernardino, we are reminded that terrorists have and will continue to exploit our immigration system to carry out their heinous plots,” Goodlatte said at the press conference.



“Visa security is critical to national security, and we must address gaping holes in our immigration system that allow those who wish Americans harm and fraudsters to game the system.”



“The United States Congress recognizes that visas can be weapons for terrorists,” Forbes said.                                             0136103-85d423277b250d6b1afcb3134573dd7a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002116 00000000000 015006  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Following on from the announcement that Freddy Krueger would be coming to Dead by Daylight, a new trailer uploaded to the game’s YouTube channel has confirmed that he will be availalbe in the Steam version of Dead by Daylight tomorrow. There’s no word yet on when he’ll be added to console versions, but this is still super exciting news. Dead by Daylight really is the game that keeps on giving.

This will mark the first official appearance of Freddy Krueger in a video game since he was added to the mobile version of Mortal Kombat X last December. As you can see from the trailer below, the appear to have gone with the Jackie Earle Haley incarnation of Freddy rather than the Robert Englund version. Make of that what you will, we’re just glad he’s in the game at all.

Dead by Daylight: A Nightmare on Elm Street™ Trailer

Freddy is coming to Dead by Daylight – as part of the A Nightmare on Elm Street Chapter. He will instill fear in you, and it doesn’t matter if you’re awake or asleep. He and his claw clad hand will find you – so keep running.

Out on Steam October 26th.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136013-079f7ebc6a5b4fa6f011d50acde7b7ab.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006615 00000000000 015457  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        June 18th, 2015 – ALLENTOWN

Its that time of year again when the Allentown Villain Society stacks their coffers from all of the vendor fees for booths at the annual Allentown Sprinkler Fest. Entering its 666th year, the festival brings in an estimated 4.6 trillion tons of copper to the 4 square blocks the fest consumes. People as far as Oregon travel in Winnebagos and VW buses to the annual fest each year.



Local legend has it that the annual fest is actually a virgin-artist-soul-laundering scheme using the profits to suck the souls of young artists while deploying craft-oriented vendors as a cover up. Such things are steeped in mythology but local lore will tell that the bloody paper trail ends at a mystic alley way deep in the trenches of Allentown. Allegedly situated underneath one of the iconic Allentown structures, it has been known to be a chamber of secrets, the Secrets of Allentown to be exact.

Legend will tell that the money made from vendors supplies the Villain Society with all they need to host their annual celebration, Allentown Village Society’s Annual Sprinkler Sacrifice Wine & Garden Night. Where members of the Villain Society sacrifice artist virgin souls, chant holding copper lawn sprinklers and drink Barefoot Pino Greege by the barrel-fulls.



Often ridiculed for their bizarre consumer driven arts and crafts oriented business model, the fest used to practice less than arts embracing procedures. In decades past, they actually used to shut down restaurants and business’s on the Allen strip that might detract from making money from vendors that sell Baking Soda Elephant Ears, Monsanto Turkey Legs, Diphtheria Dipped Candy Apples, Black Plague Burritos and a slew of diabetic desserts. Upon being asked, representatives of the Allentown Villain Society denied an interview.

We hit the streets for the fest’s 666th run of the Sprinkler Fest to get some crowd reactions from people from near and far on how they enjoy all the fest has to offer. One local resident, Barb Zolocopowitz was taking in some repurposed chicken wing basket jewelry when we asked her how she was enjoying the annual fest.



“You know, I’ve been coming down here for years and every year I find something new and “different” for me and my ladies. I have a lot of really nice gift ideas and the fest allows me to find what I am looking for for my knitting circle.” Gesturing to festival companion, Zola Barkenzoits for her input.



“I tell ya, I love just using my hoverround to take in the art. I pull right up to Bev’s Bovine Art and Lawn and talk to my yearly comrade about her new wares.” Standing next to said booth, Bev gestures to a wall of lovable cow art perfect for that kitchen wall or breakfast nook.

In year’s past, The Villain Society has utilized the souls of area high school students to come up with a poster design ranging from cutting edge Corel Draw digital art to water color lily pads that would make any sitting room that no one sits in swoon. This years entry was bar none one of the best. An unprecedented illustrated Buffalo eating the streets of Allentown and all who inhabit it.



This journalist cannot wait to report on next years events when it will enter year 667 and undoubtably continue until Lucifer is satisfied with all he can eat turkey legs, copper sprinklers, virgins and water color lily pads for his 7th ring of hell waiting room.

Sally Butterworth, Buffalebrity Staff Reporter                                                                                                                   0136018-32807ed76b64617a91e41c5484ba4fa9.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014177 00000000000 014767  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Amanda Ripley’s recent article in The Atlantic ( http://www.theatlantic.com/doc/201001/good-teaching ) wildly exaggerates the supposed positive benefits of having a Teach for America (TFA) teacher in the classroom. After reading the article, you might come away believing that TFA teachers regularly work miracles in their classroom, just like Michelle Rhee pretends she did, while their do-nothing veteran colleagues just sit and read the newspaper in class. (Although, funny thing: the super-achieving teacher described in the article was NOT a TFA-er!)

However, if you read the published data that Ripley refers to, they show that both TFA teachers and other teachers in high-poverty schools are having a hard time getting any positive results at all.

In English/reading, the results are as follows (the blue, thick line represents the scores of the TFA teachers’ students). I cut-and-pasted the following two graphs directly from the study; they are on page xiv.

If you ask me, there is essentially no difference between the 13th, 14th, and 15th percentiles. These are all very low scores! The reason that the TFA students had slightly higher initial and final scores is almost undoubtedly because of random variation.

In math, the results are as follows, and again, the thick, blue line shows the scores of the TFA teachers’ students. This the area in which TFA teachers supposedly did so well:

Ripley, and the Mathematica authors, claim that the differences in the math scores are statistically significant. Keep in mind, however, that significance in reality and in statistics are two different things. To me, if you are at the 14th, 15th, or 17th percentiles, you are in very bad shape. Neither the TFA teachers, nor their veteran or novice counterparts, were in fact able to work miracles. My own opinion is that any differences here are due to random variation.

You can read the whole statistical study here if you like:

http://www.mathematica-mpr.com/publications/pdfs/teach.pdf

The study looked at a fairly small number of classes (100) taught by TFA teachers and their non-TFA colleagues, spread out over the following cities or regions: Baltimore, Chicago, Houston, Los Angeles/Compton, the Mississippi delta, and New Orleans. They looked at a total of 17 schools, and about 1,765 students. I have no way of knowing – and neither does just about anybody else – whether these students are in fact representative of all schools serving disadvantaged students. My suspicion is that a different selection of classes might have yielded quite different results. Here is the description of the sample, which I cut-and-pasted from page 9:

I would like to finish by quoting a few passages from a teacher who is blogging from some (unnamed) high school here in Washington, DC: ( http://filthyteaching.blogspot.com/ )

“…TFAers, and for that matter, first-year teachers in general, have ABSOLUTELY NO BUSINESS working in these kinds of systems. [meaning, systems like DC, Baltimore, Chicago, etc.] And if we were to really get serious about boosting student achievement, I’d say five years should probably be the minimum number of years experience required to apply in these districts (with some exceptions).

“The children of DCPS, New Orleans, Chicago, Baltimore, LA, Memphis, and any other severely challenged district across the US that one might think of, do not have the luxury of being guinea pigs for a legion of completely incompetent, albeit well-intentioned, college graduates. Anyone who’s taught for more than a few years can tell you that the vast majority of teachers (I’d say all, but I suppose there’s a small possibility that there are one or two out there who are miracles) have virtually no idea what they’re doing in the classroom in their first year (I know that was certainly the case for me).

“Your first few years are spent learning that almost everything you thought teaching was supposed to be was completely wrong. You’re overwhelmed by classroom management and discipline struggles. You have no idea how to plan a unit or an effective lesson. You don’t recognize the importance of constant quality assessment, and you sure as hell don’t have a clue as to how to go about creating one. You don’t yet know how exactly to build relationships with kids (even though you thought you did), nor do you quite realize how critically important they are to the children who are almost completely deprived of positive relationships. You don’t realize that in addition to teaching your subject matter, you desperately need to teach your kids how to read, but you don’t have a clue how to. You can’t see through the bullshit that the administration throws at you or the petty bickering that some of your colleagues may do around you. And on the day that you think your lesson actually went okay, you don’t realize that not a single one of your students will be able to demonstrate that they learned what you thought they did the next day.

…

“These are things that teachers learn over years of experience. You don’t get them in a summer training, or even in your first year of teaching. They come slowly. … I don’t blame the TFAers themselves. I was like them not very long ago. I did my first year teaching in a socio-economically disadvantaged school in Knoxville, TN, and then wanted desperately to try my hand in DC or NYC. I wanted to go out and save the world. I thought I could do it. I found out how ridiculously wrong I was. Luckily I couldn’t find a job in DC or NYC, and I’m so glad that I began teaching in a school that, while not perfect in supporting new teachers, at least offered me an environment in which I could make mistakes and learn from them.

“I would not recommend ANYONE try their hand at their first year teaching in a district like DC or New Orleans. It will make you believe that education is something that it’s not, that to be a teacher is to be a martyr, that getting through a school year is like running a marathon EVERY DAMN DAY, and that you deserve no rights or respect from your administration or district. It’s a run through a gauntlet, and it’s no wonder so many new teachers leave the profession when this is how we treat them.”



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0136106-d238d4930b8d96d192d75ddd1b219e31.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004270 00000000000 015034  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Nathan Williams has our best interests in mind. This summer, Williams' band Wavves gave us King of the Beach, an album full of some of the best windows-down punk rock driving anthems in recent memory. And this fall, he wants to optimize our marijuana-smoking experience.

On his Twitter yesterday, Williams posted a link to a photo of the Wavves-branded weed grinders you see above. Because when you're getting your pot into the perfect smoking composition, you obviously want to look at the picture of the blunted Snacks the Cat from the King of the Beach cover, right?

Those weed grinders will be for sale at the merch table at Wavves shows in the near future. Williams and friends are touring hard this fall, so you'll have plenty of opportunities to cop these conversation pieces. Dates below.

Wavves:

09-15 Columbus, OH - Skully's %

09-16 Buffalo, NY - Mohawk Place %

09-17 Northampton, MA - Pearl Street Nightclub %

09-18 Waltham, MA - Brandeis University %

09-20 Providence, RI - Met Cafe %

09-21 Brooklyn, NY - Music Hall of Williamsburg %~

09-24 Kingston, NY - 323 Wall Street %

09-25 Baltimore, MD - Ottobar %

09-27 Washington, DC - Rock and Roll Hotel %

09-28 Greensboro, NC - Guilford College %

09-29 Charlotte, NC - Milestone %

09-30 Atlanta, GA - Drunken Unicorn %

10-01 Nashville, TN - Exit / In %

10-02 Oxford, MS - Proud Larry's %

10-20 New York, NY - Madison Square Garden #!

10-21 Montreal, Quebec - CEPSUM #

10-22 Toronto, Ontario - Tower Theatre #

10-23 Philadelphia, PA - Tower Theatre #

10-25 Myrtle Beach, SC - House of Blues #

10-26 Orlando, FL - House of Blues #

10-27 Miami, FL - The Fillmore #

11-06 Austin, TX - Fun Fun Fun Fest

11-08 Glasgow, Scotland - Arches

11-09 Manchester, England - Islington Mill

11-10 London, England - Garage

11-12 Brussels, Belgium - AB Club

11-13 Amsterdam, Netherlands - Paradiso

11-14 Copenhagen, Denmark - Little Vega

11-15 Stockholm, Sweden - Debaser Slussen

11-16 Malmo, Sweden - Babel

11-18 Berlin, Germany - Privat Club

11-19 Munich, Germany - 59:1

11-20 Frankfurt, Germany - Hafen 2

11-21 Geneva, Switzerland - Usine PTR

11-22 Paris, France - FMR

% with Christmas Island

~ with the Babies

with Phoenix

! with Dirty Projectors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0136039-55300cac56bbbf188cf04dff95e9a8cd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017361 00000000000 015425  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Justice Department is investigating whether some of America’s biggest airlines have colluded to keep airfares high. (Daniel Acker/BLOOMBERG)

The Justice Department is investigating whether some of America’s biggest airlines have colluded to keep airfares high, striking at an industry that has posted record profits recently while limiting routes and affordable seats, officials familiar with the matter said Wednesday.

Justice Department spokeswoman Emily Pierce confirmed the probe, saying investigators are looking into “possible unlawful coordination by some airlines,” but she would not name the carriers.

Representatives from Delta Air Lines, Southwest Airlines, American Airlines and United Airlines confirmed they were among those being investigated and said they were complying with Justice Department requests.

Lawmakers and consumer advocates have routinely called for investigations into whether ­airlines, to boost prices, limit the number of tickets they sell, with Sen. Richard Blumenthal ­(D-Conn.) recently alleging widespread “anticompetitive, anticonsumer conduct.”

It’s “Economics 101. Reducing supply with rising demand means increased prices,” Blumenthal said in an interview. “Consumers are suffering rising fares and other added charges that seem to be the result of excessive market power concentrated in too few hands and potential misuse of that power.”

A series of bankruptcies and mega-mergers over the past decade has slimmed the number of major U.S. airlines from nine to four, and those carriers — Delta, Southwest, American and United — fly about 80 percent of all domestic passengers.

The limited competition has helped airlines post some of their biggest profits in history, 14 years after the 9/11 attacks nearly drowned the industry in red ink. In the first quarter of the year, American logged $1.2 billion in profit, its most profitable three months ever.

The investigation is a surprising shift for the Justice Department, which approved the unions in the first place, including the 2013 merger of American and US Airways that created the world’s largest air carrier.

“This is a long time coming,” said Diana Moss, president of the American Antitrust Institute. She said that in meetings of top industry executives, including at last month’s International Air Transport ­Association conference, airlines have continuously signaled “to each other that it was in their joint interest to keep capacity tight and to keep prices high.”

Jean Medina, a spokeswoman for industry group Airlines for America, swatted back claims of collusion, arguing there are “so many options among air carriers,” including on low-cost carriers such as Spirit Airlines, one of the industry’s fastest-growing firms.

“It is customers who decide pricing, voting every day with their wallets on what they value and are willing to pay for,” Medina said, adding that about 222 million passengers are projected to fly this summer, a post-recession high.

“We are confident that the Justice Department will find what we know to be true,” Medina said. “Our members compete vigorously every day, and the traveling public has been the beneficiary.”

[Airlines are making record profits, but don’t expect a cheaper seat]

U.S. airlines received a letter Tuesday demanding copies of all communications between carriers, their shareholders and investment analysts about their plans for limiting seat capacity, according to the Associated Press, which first reported the investigation.

“We welcome the review,” said American spokesman Joshua Freed, adding that “the industry remains highly competitive with more people flying than ever before.”

Historically low prices for jet fuel have helped the carriers save billions of dollars on their biggest expense, with the four major airlines saving about $3.3 billion on fuel in the first quarter alone, financial filings show.

Yet those savings have not found their way back to passengers. The average domestic flight last year cost $391, the highest price since federal statisticians started tracking fares two decades ago. Adjusted for inflation, fares are at a 12-year high. Airlines have made billions of dollars more on bag-checking, reservation and other added fees.

“It’s hard to understand, with jet fuel prices dropping by 40 percent since last year, why ticket prices haven’t followed,” Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) said in a statement Wednesday. “We know that when airlines merge, there’s less price competition. What we need now is a top-to-bottom review to ensure consumers aren’t being hurt by industry changes.”

It’s unclear what sparked the investigation, but some said it was not helped by last month’s International Air Transport Association gathering, in which air executives routinely stressed the importance of “capacity discipline” to cut down on costly, competitive price wars.

“The Justice Department doesn’t just launch investigations as fishing expeditions,” said Gene Kimmelman, a former Justice Department antitrust official. “There’s a keen awareness that when they request documents, there’s a significant cost to companies, it’s not easy and there are a lot of expenditures. . . . They have to have a strong reason to believe there may be a violation of law.”

Some industry experts doubted the investigation will ever leave the ground. Bijan Vasigh, a professor of economics and finance at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University, said reduced air competition had led to climbing ticket prices, reduced flights and denser cabins. However, he said, that was not collusion but rather “a natural consequence of the mergers” that eroded competition.

Vaughn Cordle, a pilot for a major airline and chief analyst for Ionosphere Capital who has been subpoenaed to testify on behalf of consumer groups in past suits against airlines, said “competition is still alive and well” on most routes.

“I don’t think you’re going to find anybody who actually runs [airline fare calculations] to suggest that these guys are colluding,” he said. “They’re going to fail as badly, and look as bad, as those consumer advocate groups who hired all those lawyers to try to block the mergers.”

An investor sell-off triggered by news of the investigation led some airlines’ shares to plunge, including American (down 2.8 percent), United Continental (2.5 percent), Delta (1.9 percent) and Southwest (1.4 percent).

Paul Hudson, president of the traveler advocacy group ­FlyersRights, points to airlines’ reduction of new routes and resistance to cheap tickets as a sign of an untoward airline partnership. “That’s a thinly veiled way of saying, ‘We’re not going to compete,’ ” Hudson said, and “ ‘We need to restrict supply in the face of increased demand.’ ”

Airlines have also fought to block third-party booking sites such as TripAdvisor and Orbitz from posting airfares that could help travelers shop for cheaper tickets. In May, the industry group Travel Technology Association released a study led by a former Justice Department official that said the practice cost passengers more than $6 billion a year and discouraged 40 million travelers from flying because prices seemed too high.

Some in the travel industry worried the investigation could hurt not just airlines but also the businesses that depend on American travelers paying handsomely for their seats in the sky.

“American consumers are already jaded enough about flying,” said Roger Dow, president of the U.S. Travel Association, an industry group. “We’ve been wondering for a while how many more gut punches they could absorb before we see a dip in air-travel demand — and therefore a dip in the related econometrics for cities and businesses across the country.”

Sari Horwitz contributed to this report.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0136054-38110a8a209597ffb7a09013bd7d78bc.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000034425 00000000000 015034  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Age of Political Faith Healers I: How the Romanian Situation Helps Us See the Bigger Patterns

Martin Hoffmann Blocked Unblock Follow Following Feb 2, 2017

I usually don’t write about politics. But we are not in a usual situation.

My focus is on patterns of change in businesses and industries. Some of the most dangerous patterns of change however are currently happening in the political landscape. We find ourselves on rapidly shifting sands. And while there is no shortage of high quality analysis and opinion on these, we can see a tendency to rush from one headline to another. What’s needed in any crisis situation, and that’s what I believe we are in, is to identify the big problems first. From there, people can work on going into each of those in depth, without being distracted by the next presidential tweet.

This article jumps in to shed a light on some of the bigger patterns happening. I do not pretend to offer a solution. Plenty of people out there have better insights than I do. Yet it’s about time to level up the discussion away from the daily tweet madness to a conceptual level. So regard this as a draft concept paper to get the brain juices flowing.

Let’s close the door to the buzz from the newsroom for a second and put on our thinking caps.

First, who are the faith healers? We often call the populists, but populism is just the tool. A tool that they play like a champion. They are the faith healers of politics. Some of them may even be worth the label authoritarian or dictator, but I’d like to focus on their most important feature. They suck everything that has been built over decades out of a country to serve their own purposes, which mostly are the enrichment of their bank accounts or egos. As a result, parasites of politics, might be another way to describe them. Why bother? Once the dust has settled, those nations that can successfully resist parasitism will be the ones to maintain and build an economy that can compete on an international level and adjust for the changing requirements of the future.

There have always been faith healers in one form or another. But recently the business of healing has been booming, enabled by new tools which help them leverage their efforts.

One tool is related to their messages. This is the frustration of millions of people suffering from the vanishing of a financially stable situation. We are coming out of an unprecedented era of wealth and stability. Following World War II, our economies saw more or less constant growth. The formula of getting an education, then a safe and steady job and a monthly paycheck worked very well. As we know, times have changed. Stability has been replaced by change, most importantly due to technological advances. This is hard to accept for many people. As a result, these people are literally starving for simple messages, for perceived solutions to the complex challenges they are facing. Anything that enables them to leave the rose-colored glasses on is welcome. If we fear the loss of our jobs and threat of terrorist attacks, then isn’t it nice to hear that the solution is already there? We don’t need to bother that these immigrants are the ones who helped create the economic and cultural wealth that we now benefit from in this status quo that we so urgently want to preserve. The simple message sounds so much easier. As a result, we more and more have a conflict between those voters who are ready to embrace change, with all of its complexities, and those who want to preserve the past.

This fear of change is the one tool. The other tool enables the faith healers to amplify their messages. Through social media as well as through an economically challenged legacy media landscape, hungry for eyeballs, the healers can reach millions of frustrated people who are starving for these simple messages. That is not to say that the media does a bad job. But these are fast times in media. One can gain the impression that even the most credible media businesses are understandably challenged by this constant flow of headlines that is not driven by relevance but by attractiveness to eyeballs. In other words, these con artists are able to take over the driver seat, they can determine the editorial calendar if they play their cards well. And we have seen that they know how to play.

These tools amongst others have increased the reach of these faith healers of politics. Let’s think of this increase in terms of two levels. Team Brexit, fortunately, has only reached Level One. In the coming weeks, it remains to be seen whether Team Trump has been entering Level Two. The same goes for the Romanian Team Dragnea.

Let’s briefly summarize their playbook for Level 1 and Level 2:

Level 1: Persuade the public

Target the frustrated part of the population. Find their fears, such as change and globalization, or create their fears.

Provide simple enough, convincing messages to make them ignorant of any facts. For this I recommend reading Neil Postman’s “Amusing Ourselves to Death”, which will answer any question you may have, or watch this TED Talk.

Provide the right media channels with the headlines that drive eyeballs, to spread the word.

Ideally, lack of political leadership or popularity from other parties helps boost this effect. By this I do not mean that these people need to be bad politicians. They just may lack the skill-set to stand up to the faith healers. Sometimes even the best brains may be the ones having problems standing up to windbags.

Level 2: bend the constitutional balances

Test the scope of their power

Test the extent to which they can exclude other branches of the constitution through strategic games. Then eliminate the media as fourth constitutional power by diverting the attention of the public.

Let’s call this “dictatorship light”

Which brings us to Romania.

First, looking at Romania helps us lift the fog and see the bigger patterns. I feel that the situation there is a bit more clearer with less distractions, less media buzz, compared to for example the US situation. Here we find the old school, plain vanilla faith healers.

Here is a summary of the story: over the past fourteen years, the Romanian justice system has done a remarkable job fighting corruption, mostly thanks to their Anti Corruption Agency (”DNA”). They have been investigating a large number of offenses made by politicians. In one year, 1,250 public officials have been indicted for corruption. One of the most prominent clients of the agency is, Liviu Dragnea, the leader of the PSD party who has just won the elections. He was “convicted in a case involving electoral fraud, for which he received a two-year suspended sentence in April 2016”. DNA’s successes have the power to scare the Halliburtons of this world and they have been a role model in particular for many European countries.

Enter the faith healers. In recent elections, the PSD party won the elections.

They used playbook Level 1 like a champ. Their political campaign was centered around the fear that their opponents were allegedly associated with George Soros. Mr Soros would buy the country away from Romanians. This of course ignoring that a) they themselves had been working with George Soros, and b) that the Romanian economy has been benefiting from foreign investment. Oh, and in case you were wondering, yes this was the party whose leader, Dragnea was convicted. He indeed manages to make Silvio Berlusconi look like a rookie.

Level 2 was entered last Tuesday evening, Jan 31st. In a secret meeting, the new government decided on a new bill. This bill would in effect pardon corrupt politicians. This was done by issuing an emergency ordinance, which they are allowed if the urgent nature of the cause calls for it. Last time I checked, a convicted party leader waiting for prison time is not such an emergency.

However, now we are getting to the second lesson, that Romania can teach us. As we just saw, the bill was passed in a secret meeting at 10pm. The same evening, already more than 15.000 people were peacefully protesting in front of the government building, effectively having locked the government.

Image via Oana Tereza Oancea

The people have responded with a unity and speed which we have rarely seen. The next day, 150.000 people peacefully hit the streets of Bucharest, 300.000 across the whole country. Romania has a population of close to 20 million. This is a conversion rate that would put any civil rights activist into the all star league.

image via Ioana Milea

Unfortunately there were organized violences of around forty people who intentionally disrupted the otherwise peaceful demonstrations. There were suspicions, that authorities were aware of these instigators, while not doing anything against them, but using them as a means to shut the demonstration down. While it is not confirmed, media is assuming that these instigators seemed to have been fans of the football club. After all, the violence discouraged peaceful protesters, causing them to return home.

As of the time of writing it is not clear how the situation continues. Without doubt this not only provides a serious threat to the democracy of Romania, but also to the stability of the European Union, eroding its democratic values and opening the door to other faith healers who are readily waiting in line. Imagine, any country reversing the effort of a long fight against corruption. Then add a government who has unique views on the political decision making process. Not the best basis for foreign investment, which basically would exclude the country from the common market of the EU. For the EU this would once more signal a failure to act on its challenges.

What is the right medicine against these faith healers of politics?

The best cure for Level 2 clearly clearly relies on the legal and constitutional system. For Level 1, the situation however is too complex for a simple cure. But then, what we can do is wipe away the fog and look at the patterns. We have three contributors to this mess. Us, the voters, the politicians and the media. Changing the incentives of these parties to the game will be key in one way or another. Let’s go through it. I will put down my thoughts, but feel free to take your own notes:

Politicians

Address the economic challenges

It will become necessary to openly address the economic challenges that voters face, such as technology taking jobs. Pretending to offer stability is no solution when change is obvious. There is no easy way to do this, and the solution may still take years to find. At the end it might be a mixture of creating an environment where people can quickly relearn new skills as well as rethinking the economics of social security.

Address the educational challenges

For any democracy, critical thinking skills and education of voters are essential. Reading some Facebook comments one may get the impression that we still have a lot of homework to do. Improved high school education across countries will be key.

Media

A large number of smart, high quality and responsible media businesses are doing excellent work. Whether it is The Economist, Guardian, New York Times or the likes, they are a key foundation of our democratic systems. In general, Social Media ads to this, enabling people to report from events of relevance.

But then there are those media outlets that follow a different economic model. Let’s call this the eyeballs first model, which is willingly able to help spread populism in return for advertiser’s money. Jon Stewart has provided better analysis on their political impact than I would ever be able to do. The problem is, that their economic model is in conflict with a rational political decision making model, that is necessary for a working democracy. And plenty of people are willing to listen in to their messages, which has been identified earliest by Neil Postman. What is the solution? Can we make the media accountable for a reasonable political discourse? Enforcing accountability while not limiting freedom of press may be a thin and dangerous line. May be the smarter way is to align the interest between the economic concerns of a newspaper and the political concerns of voters and consumers. How could that work? One solution could be transparency. Why not lay open which media outlets a brand uses for its advertising? A consumer can then decide whether the content and values of those channels aligns with his or her needs. If not he will opt for another brand, taking away advertising money from those channels. These media outlets depend on advertisers. And these advertisers depend on consumers, yes, on voters. Showing the flow of media content advertising money, may have the power to take away the fuel that feeds the engines.

Voters

Transparency and accountability of politicians

We need to find ways to better follow up on politician’s promises. Accountability of politicians will gain in importance. Imagine a CEO lying to shareholders. Most people get nervous when they build their careers on lies, but a faith healer is apparently not one of them.

Bundle voices

And of course, we can take it to the streets, like Romania has successfully demonstrated us. Protest signs will be a top seller in the coming future. Any format that enables us to bundle our voices provides a form of influence.

This is about it, for the options that I see. May be you see more. Whether you agree with the above described patterns or not, it’s time to look for the bigger patterns and focus on what can be done. We don’t have time for distractions now.

And, of course, stand up for Romania in the next days! You may never have been there, which is likely since it’s a small country. In this case I can tell you, they are very kind and welcoming people who deserve better. That’s one reason. The other reason is that other con artists are already waiting in line, and we may find some household names from upcoming European elections among the contenders for the top spot. It’s time to break the chain and Romania is a chance to do so.

We are in a critical situation. Faith healing is in fashion this season, and we have plenty of suppliers who made it from the suburbs on to high street. Whether the patient is the UK, the US or any country in Europe, if we have our leaders inform us with the breath of context of used car dealerships, and if we lower the level of the political decision making process to the content of Sesame Street, we are doomed to fail as economies and democracies.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0136021-73508b8e408b871ef27a35b6e76833e7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002431 00000000000 014704  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A few days ago we told you guys about the scheduled Thursday release of Minecraft: Pocket Edition for all Android devices. Well, it’s Thursday and if you’ve been feverishly searching through your Android Market looking for Minecraft PE, you may have noticed it’s nowhere to be found.

So what is up? Well, according one of the game’s developers, Daniel Kaplan, he Tweeted some not so good news for all you Android crafters out there.

Yikes!! We found a nasty bug in Minecraft – Pocket Edition that needs to be fixed before release! Im not sure it will come out today :(

He also went on to tweet some more information regarding which devices will be compatible with the game once it launches.

Minecraft – PE will work on Android 2.2+ but cant promise it will in the future since we are going to add new stuff all the time! We will update the Demo of Minecraft – PE so you can try it out before you buy. But I would recommend a 1ghz+ phone with fast gpu.

So there you have it, folks. Hopefully Minecraft Pocket Edition wont be delayed for too much longer. It’s always possible it could still make its deadline sometime today (cross your fingers) but I don’t want to get your hopes up. Either way, we’ll keep you posted and let you know as soon as it becomes available.

[Via Twitter]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0136057-ce1347026705a5172a91b8e25efecfc8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003711 00000000000 015112  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        While making some updates to HTTP-RPC the other day, I discovered a couple of potentially confusing features of the java.io package that I wasn't previously aware of:

#1: The PrintStream and PrintWriter classes consume exceptions. From the PrintWriter documentation:

"Methods in this class never throw I/O exceptions, although some of its constructors may. The client may inquire as to whether any errors have occurred by invoking checkError() ."

Because I had incorrectly assumed that a PrintWriter would propagate any exceptions thrown by the underlying stream, I hadn't been calling checkError() . The result was that HTTP-RPC's RequestDispatcherServlet class, which writes response data to the PrintWriter instance returned by ServletResponse#getWriter() , failed to detect when a connection had been terminated by the client. The servlet simply continued writing to the output stream. Once I started calling checkError() , the response was correctly terminated:

if (writer.checkError()) { throw new IOException("Error writing to output stream."); }

I couldn't find any explanation as to why these two classes were written this way, while all of the other classes in java.io appear to simply propagate exceptions.

#2: The read(byte[], int, int) method of the InputStream class also consumes exceptions. From the Javadoc:

"The read(b, off, len) method for class InputStream simply calls the method read() repeatedly. If the first such call results in an IOException , that exception is returned from the call to the read(b, off, len) method. If any subsequent call to read() results in a IOException , the exception is caught and treated as if it were end of file."

This is extremely misleading, since it completely obscures the fact that an error occurred and makes it appear as though the stream terminated normally.

So, even though this behavior is not what I had expected, at least it is documented, and is something I'll now be aware of when using these classes in the future.                                                       0136102-282c5ce70d605fc98ecab294c755b3b3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001776 00000000000 015176  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        5 piece K-Pop sensation Crayon Pop will be in Australia and New Zealand for a promotional tour from 4th to 8th November.

Debuting in 2012, Crayon Pop has been rising fast in the world of K-pop, with the popular group already achieving a #1 position on the Billboard K-pop 100 chart with their hit Bar Bar Bar.

Crayon Pop consists of members Cho-A, Way, Ellin, Gummi and Soyul, and have always strived to be different to the perfectly groomed, sexy girl bands that the world is accustomed to. Instead the group gains attention for their intentionally funny act and their unique costumes ranging from school uniforms, motorcycle suits with helmets, and the iconic yellow jumpsuits made famous by action star Bruce Lee.

The girls’ unique dance moves, such as those displayed in the straight-Five Engine Dance, have now become their trademark with fans worldwide regularly uploading their recreations to YouTube.

Crayon Pop will be in Australia and New Zealand to promote their new single from the 4th - 8th of November.  0136079-9475934ef4f167f9c03e341a0248a800.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014624 00000000000 014631  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Hillary Clinton has tried to convince Democratic primary voters that she is firmly opposed to the controversial Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal.

But the president and CEO of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the country's leading business trade group and a proponent of the accord, told Bloomberg News earlier this month that he isn't buying Clinton's public stance. Now Sen. Bernie Sanders is seizing on those comments as a sign that his presidential primary rival can't be counted on to oppose TPP.

Thomas Donohue, head of the business lobby, suggested that Clinton is only opposing TPP to improve her chances against Sanders, who has objected to the deal from the beginning. Clinton would likely revert to her previous support for the agreement if she were elected president, Donohue posited.

"If she were to get nominated, if she were to be elected, I have a hunch that what runs in the family is you get a little practical if you get the job," Donohue said.

As leader of one of the most influential groups in Washington, Donohue is an old hand at assessing politicians' moves and motives. TPP is a top priority for the Chamber of Commerce and the businesses it represents. If Donohue is saying he's not concerned that Clinton would ultimately resist the passage of TPP, that's a view worth considering.

The business lobbyist also dismissed concerns about Donald Trump, who is loudly anti-TPP. He expressed confidence that the populist anger that has characterized the early primary process will give way to more business-friendly sensibilities.

"The citizens are sort of mad, but they haven't voted at all," Donohue told Bloomberg News. "We haven't had a single vote."

"I'm not saying who is going to win," he added. "I'm just telling you that on both the Democratic and Republican side, we are getting down to the real stuff. It isn't going to end the way you think it is."

Joshua Lott/The Washington Post via Getty Images Sen. Bernie Sanders' campaign has expressed doubts about his rival's true opposition to the controversial trade deal.

The Sanders campaign said in a press release Thursday that Donohue's remarks raise "questions about where Clinton stands" on TPP.

"What's her position on this bad trade deal today?" Sanders spokesman Michael Briggs asked. "It's hard to keep track of Secretary Clinton's shifting stands on the trade agreement that would help multi-national corporations ship more decent-paying jobs from the United States to low-wage nations overseas."

The Clinton campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

Clinton announced her opposition to TPP on Oct. 7 last year, telling Judy Woodruff of the "PBS NewsHour" that there were "still too many unanswered questions" about how the agreement would affect U.S. jobs, the affordability of prescription drugs and other matters.

At the time, Clinton was under rising pressure from progressive activists to take a more definitive position on the trade agreement. Yet in her remarks, she appeared to give herself leeway to embrace the deal later if her concerns could be assuaged.

"As of today, I am not in favor of what I have learned about it," she said.

Even those cautious words marked an about-face from Clinton's previous embrace of TPP, which she had worked on as President Barack Obama's secretary of state. Clinton called the deal the "gold standard in trade agreements" in November 2012, while still serving as America's top diplomat.

T.J. Kirkpatrick/Bloomberg via Getty Images Hillary Clinton called TPP the "gold standard in trade agreements" when she was still secretary of state.

More than one progressive activist has argued that Clinton's public change of heart simply shows that she's willing to say things to appease voters, but that doesn't mean she can be relied on to stick to her positions if elected. These skeptics contend, for example, that Clinton only came out against construction of the Keystone XL pipeline in September 2015 when it had become a growing political liability to continue not taking a stance.

The Trans-Pacific Partnership, a wide-ranging accord among 12 Pacific Rim nations, would lower tariffs and streamline regulations on goods and services exchanged by the participating countries. The Obama administration, most big business leaders, some congressional Democrats and the majority of congressional Republicans argue that the agreement is essential to maintain the U.S.'s competitive edge in the global economy and counter the rising influence of China in the Pacific region.

Critics of the deal -- including labor unions, environmental groups, global health activists, Internet freedom advocates and the majority of congressional Democrats -- argue that it will cost the U.S. manufacturing jobs, reward nations that abuse human rights and empower corporations to challenge domestic laws protecting consumers, patients and workers.

Last June, Congress granted the president trade promotion authority, which bars Congress from amending or filibustering a trade agreement submitted by the White House for approval. Lawmakers are restricted to an up-or-down vote.

A senior White House official told reporters Wednesday that the opposition to TPP from presidential candidates of both parties was being "closely watched" by America's negotiating partners. The official implied that the candidates' comments made other TPP nations eager to see the U.S. ratify the accord this year.

The official also said the Obama administration did not have a position on whether it would be better to pursue ratification of TPP before the November elections or in the lame-duck session of Congress afterward.

Andrew Harnik/Associated Press Has Donald Trump's vehement opposition to TPP hurt its prospects? A top business lobbyist doesn't think so.

Chamber of Commerce leader Donohue told Bloomberg that he sees the best chance for approving the trade agreement after the election, since Republican lawmakers in particular could vote for it without fear of endangering their own re-elections.

"If you tried to get a vote on it right now, the Senate wouldn't let you do it, because they are not going to take three or four very important senators -- at a time when they are ... running for office, you know, more Republicans than Democrats -- and put them at risk," Donohue said.

He added that waiting until after the election also gives TPP's proponents more time to whip votes in favor of it.

Donohue estimated the likelihood of the deal passing by the end of 2016 at 75 percent.

Also on HuffPost:                                                                                                            0136126-bbbc739c0573543cfc0431ee8b931ce8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004044 00000000000 015166  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        LEGO is set to release this spaceport set (complete with a space shuttle) in August 2015 as part of the company's city line.

Have you ever wanted to build your own space shuttle? Now, thanks to LEGO, you're going to get the chance, years after the end of NASA's shuttle program.

LEGO is set to release a new series of sets all based around the idea of flying to space. The four LEGO City sets are scheduled for release in August 2015, and will have a variety of different spacecraft any space fan can build. You can get a detailed look at all of the space-themed LEGO City sets in a video from Space.com.

"We haven't had a space-specific theme in quite some time, so [we're] excited to have some shuttles back this year," LEGO Brand Manager Amanda Santoro said in the video. The sets range in price from about $10 to about $120 for the largest shuttle set, she added.

The smallest set includes astronauts, scientists and a small rover. One of the more mid-range sets includes a spaceplane, astronauts and a satellite, but serious space and LEGO fanatics will probably want to splurge for the $119.99 spaceport. The spaceport comes complete with a crawler transporter for the large, buildable space shuttle. The shuttle's payload bay doors even open to reveal a space to hold satellites, like NASA's shuttle.

The new space shuttle sets are just the next in a long line of space-themed toys from LEGO. The company released an adorable alien and dog set in January, and followed it up with a minature space shuttle in February. Last year, the company released a buildable version of NASA's Mars rover Curiosity, which is currently exploring the Martian surface. And earlier this year, LEGO fans submitted a version of the Hubble Space Telescope via LEGO Ideas. Unfortunately, LEGO passed on the venerable space telescope this year.

If you can't wait until August to get your hands on a new LEGO spaceship, the toy company is featuring a tiny UFO as its April minibuild.

Follow Miriam Kramer @mirikramer. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0136036-2c668d970e53e6b9ec5be92c5cf3b8da.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000022146 00000000000 015354  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Assuming it is out of the question to hang, draw and quarter Sir Fred Goodwin, pluck out his intestines while they are still warm and wriggling, stuff them into his greedy mouth and then display his severed head on a spike at the Tower of London, could we settle for shooting him instead? Yes, I know, I'm going soft.

Not as soft, mind you, as the politicians who merely condemn him. Gordon Brown calls it "unjustifiable and unacceptable" that the man who led RBS to ruin should refuse to give up a pension worth in excess of £650,000 a year. Peter Mandelson today escalates the government's outrage. In my interview with the business secretary for the Observer, he calls Sir Fred "obscene". Trouble is that I doubt being told that he is an obscenity, even when the name-caller is such a grandee as Lord Mandelson, will cause Fred the Shred to lose much sleep. If Sir Fred had a pound for every time he has been called something rude, he'd be ... well, he'd be as ludicrously rich as he already is.

Politicians can use whatever adjectives they like to deplore this banker and his wretched ilk for demanding gargantuan rewards for abject failures. The issue is, what is to be done about it? Bankers are hated by the voters, universally pilloried in the media and their excesses have been condemned by every political party from the SWP to the BNP and all points between. And yet still they don't give a damn.

Exhortation and condemnation is wasted breath unless it is accompanied by action. Even though the bankers are now supplicants to the taxpayer, the government is still showing them far too much reverence. Having been in thrall to the erstwhile masters of the universe for a generation, the political class has still not entirely shed its deference to the fallen money changers. Some of the dilemmas faced by ministers when grappling with these characters are real and tricky. They worry that attacking the bankers too viciously will further undermine confidence in the financial system. They fret over the extent to which politicians and civil servants are equipped to interfere in the detailed running of these failed institutions. Even though the banking system is now effectively nationalised, Gordon Brown wants to keep his distance from managing it. That leaves the government with responsibility while still being highly hesitant about exercising control.

One minister who is grappling with the toxic issue of Fred the Shred and his pension groans that it is "a legal nightmare". They say the same about the bankers' enthusiasm for continuing to pay themselves whopping bonuses. Ministers mutter that contractual obligations make it all very difficult. Yet it should not be beyond the capacity of the politicians to cut through the legal thicket. This is one of the advantages of being the government: if the law is a ass, you can change it. Had RBS been any other sort of business, it would now be bust. But for the billions poured in by the taxpayer, this bank would be kaput. There would be no pension honey pot for Sir Fred to stick his paw in. If the law is the problem with stopping him, then the law can be changed.

The voters have seen things more clearly. Their fury with the feckless financiers has cut through the complexities that fog the minds of ministers. The bankers behaved with an arrogant recklessness which broke their own businesses and devastated large sections of the economy. Now they are getting bailed out with everyone else's money. Bankers should be grateful if they still have a job and relieved that they have not been lynched. They should not be slurping up enormous bonuses and vast pensions. End of story.

The politicians have lacked the clarity of that anger. Even after the bankers had wrecked the financial system, ministers were hesitant about putting them in their place. When they launched the first bail-out last autumn, the Treasury and Number 10 appear to have been astonishingly innocent in assuming that the bankers would quickly own up to the full extent of their mistakes. The epic scale of the horrors has only become apparent to ministers as the government has slowly drilled into the bankers' books.

A similar naivety has characterised their approach to bankers' remuneration. Ministers were taken by surprise by the determination of bailed-out banks to carry on paying lavish bonuses and golden pension parachutes to failed executives. It is not denied that the City minister Paul Myners knew about the eye-popping size of Sir Fred's pension. Yet he did not demand that it be reduced or suggest steps to confiscate it altogether. Lord Myners did not argue that Sir Fred ought to be given the sack rather than the cushy option of early retirement. If the government raised no objection, it was because politicians didn't think they had the power to do so. Even in a case of such manifest and colossal failure, ministers were still programmed to take the softly-softly approach when dealing with bankers. Lord Myners eventually suggested to Sir Fred that the banker should voluntarily give up part - only part, mind you - of his absurd pension. The City minister seems to have thought that the threat of unpleasant publicity might be a sufficient inducement for Sir Fred to do the decent thing and hand back some of the cash. That was to misread his character. If Sir Fred was bothered about what everyone thought of him, he would have long ago left the country to live the rest of his life caring for the destitute of Mongolia. Men like Fred the Shred do not feel shame. They feel only for their wallets.

On the other side of the Atlantic, Barack Obama has had a clearer eye about what he is dealing with, and therefore a firmer grasp of what needs to be done. The president, being new to office and of a younger generation than Gordon Brown, is not trapped by the past compromises with casino capitalism which were made by the prime minister and other centre-left leaders of his vintage. Obama did not hesitate. He crisply told bankers that their salaries would be capped and that they could forget about pocketing any more bonuses until the taxpayers had got their money back.

In his speech a few days ago to both houses of Congress, the new president gave a compelling and unflinching account of the vices of the bubble years. "The fact is our economy did not fall into decline overnight," he told America. "We have lived through an era where too often short-term gains were prized over long-term prosperity." He used the pulpit of the presidency to tell his people that they had arrived at a "day of reckoning".

Follow that, Mr Brown. Actually, the prime minister does have to follow that. He is flying to Washington this week where he will both meet the president and address a joint session of Congress. It is a rare honour for a foreign leader to receive this invitation and Mr Brown is justly proud to be joining the company of Winston Churchill, Margaret Thatcher and Tony Blair. It may be an added satisfaction to Mr Brown that his predecessor wasn't rewarded with this accolade until he'd been prime minister for six years and joined George Bush's war in Iraq.

When they first knew they had landed this big gig for Mr Brown in Washington, Number 10 got terribly excited. Now, as the deadline to the speech approaches, they are feeling increasingly anxious. The prime minister knows this is a very important speech for his reputation on both sides of the Atlantic. Over the last week, he has spent more working hours labouring over his address to Congress than he has devoted to anything else. His most senior aides and closest allies in the cabinet have been in and out of his office from very early in the morning - a seven o'clock summons has been typical - to help the prime minister prepare for his glittering moment on Capitol Hill.

In some senses, it is not a speech that can fail. Congress is extremely polite to visiting leaders. Mr Brown's rhetorical style may not be one that Americans are all that familiar with, but they will applaud him nevertheless. He could read out the Kirkcaldy phone directory and he would still be guaranteed several standing ovations. If inspiration fails him, he can always serve up a routine speech extolling the Special Relationship. His audience will applaud a lot, inwardly yawn, and then everyone will go home feeling none the wiser. So he needs to deliver something more ambitious, more interesting and more challenging than that.

The rarity and glamour of this occasion means that this is a speech that the prime minister can use to address not just America, but also to grab the attention of his domestic audience too. There is more of a chance that British voters will tune into the prime minister when he addresses them from such a big stage as Capitol Hill. Some of his confidants in the cabinet worry that the spectacle of Mr Brown grandstanding in America could backfire with British voters if he does not have something to say which resonates with them and their concerns.

I recommend that the prime minister watches Obama's address to Congress. That succeeded because he gave a candid account of what went wrong during the bubble years and that allowed him to be persuasive about how it can be put right. How does Gordon Brown follow that? He could do a lot worse than copy it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136055-d6bf70f32625290f7d032889b308f000.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015043 00000000000 014607  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A vehicle plows into a group of protesters marching along 4th Street NE at the Downtown Mall in Charlottesville on the day of the Unite the Right rally on Saturday, August 12, 2017. Photo/Ryan M. Kelly/The Daily Progress

Ryan Kelly went to downtown Charlottesville, Virginia, on August 12 for one last assignment before leaving his staff photographer job at The Daily Progress. On that final workday, the 30-year-old captured an image that The Washington Post declared as “The photo from Charlottesville that will define this moment in American history.”

Kelly, who had been at the paper four years, was covering the widespread violence at a “Unite the Right” white nationalist rally in the city. He was standing on a sidewalk when a silver Dodge Challenger crashed into a crowd of protesters. Heather Heyer, 32, was killed and at least 19 others were injured. The driver, James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Ohio, has been charged with second-degree murder.

ICYMI: “If you’re telling me his secrets, you’re probably telling him mine. Now I know never to trust you.”

Kelly took a photo of the crash that was used by several news outlets and displayed on front pages throughout the country. He told CJR that had the events played out differently yesterday, he might have been among those caught in the crash.



What follows is the harrowing story behind the photo—as told to CJR by the photographer, Ryan Kelly.

*******

Our newsroom had been planning for this event for weeks, if not months, knowing it was going to be a huge day in Charlottesville. It was pretty much all hands on deck. I woke up around 8 and had two cups of coffee, but didn’t eat anything. I started photographing at 9 am. There were already a lot of clergy members around the park, and there were counter protesters.

Sign up for CJR 's daily email

I hitched a ride with my editor downtown, and I started wandering the mall. There were groups on both sides scattered. There were a few small fights that broke out from time to time. People were throwing stuff at each other. A few people were beating on each other. Eventually I came across two large groups of people protesting against the “Unite the Right” rally and they merged together on Water Street. There were well over 100 people.

I walked ahead of them as they marched. I edged over onto the sidewalk to get pictures, and right after I did, the car came screeching past me at speed, plowed into the crowd of protesters and immediately reversed back up the hill. It turned, then took off. Out of instinct, I began taking photos. I just brought the camera to my eye and just mashed the shutter down. I was barely even aware of what I was watching until he was speeding into the crowd.

My instinct was to chase the car because I figured there wasn’t a chance he could get very far or he would wreck and there would be an immediate arrest. I thought those pictures would be important storytelling images. As it turned out, once I got out to the cross street, the driver got further than I expected and there was nothing I could do on foot immediately.

ICYMI: While on air, authorities grab journalist and violently drag her on the ground several feet

Right before the guy drove his car down the road, it felt like any other day I would be downtown. Because of that, I didn’t feel like I was in danger. Frankly, it was dumb luck that I was on the sidewalk instead of the middle of the road when I was. I was in the road for a few seconds, then moved off, then the car came through. I wasn’t anticipating it. I actually saw the car as I walked up to the scene. It was backing up the street and I assumed that he was backing out of the way and trying to go around the block, didn’t think anything of it until he was blowing past me 20 seconds later.

If that car had come through 20 seconds earlier, I would have been in the middle of the road, and I would have had my back to him. I wouldn’t have seen him coming at all. Honestly, I’m still processing that. It’s been such a crazy 24 hours that I haven’t been able to sit and absorb it. That was the first thing that went through my head a couple hours after I was done processing images. I was right where the car went, and I am very fortunate.

I’ve reached out to photographer friends, specifically somebody who has gone through the process of publishing photos that have blown up on a worldwide scale. That was a helpful phone call this morning. It was Sara Naomi Lewkowicz, who did a series on domestic violence. She told me to decide who I’m close with and talk to those people and be with those people. Don’t get caught up in the interview requests and stay away from Twitter threads. My wife always shouts at me for getting angry about comments on Facebook that are wrong or misleading. I’m really going to have to make a conscious effort not to do that.

I’ve been bombarded with people messaging me, tweeting me. I’m trying to keep my head down. Yesterday was supposed to be my last day. Things are developing today. I spoke to my chief editor, and I’m going in a few hours today to cover whatever happens today. The journalist in me is happy to see that part of the story through.

I’ll be working at Ardent Craft Ales as a digital and social media coordinator. I’ve been a beer geek. I love craft beer and I love talking about it. It seemed like a great opportunity to me. It was a job at a brewery, which sounded fun. Also, by virtue of being a photographer at a newspaper with a small staff, I’ve done a lot of social media work. It felt like a natural fit, and the hours are flexible which means I can still continue as a freelance photographer.

This experience has been bittersweet, and it is way more bitter than sweet. A person died, a lot of people were injured, people were in shock, a community has been terrorized. It’s a town that I love. I’m more focused on the fact that it was a horrible day. I happened to be at the place at the time it happened, and I did my job. I’m proud of my newspaper for doing a good job, but I haven’t thought about the impact of the photo. I know that it’s everywhere. I’ve had to cut off Twitter notifications, and my email inbox has exploded. I am glad people have seen it. It was a terrible thing and the fact that more people will be more aware of it happening is an overall positive, but I can’t say I’m happy to have been there.

ICYMI: 10 podcasts to help you keep up with the news cycle

Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today

Justin Ray is the digital media editor of Columbia Journalism Review. Follow him on Twitter @jray05.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0136017-37b700261514bdbdb5209893366046d9.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014665 00000000000 014536  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        This post, “Burning Cake (A Cautionary Tale)”, is now up on the official Burning Man Blog.

My experiences for the last 17 years at Burning Man have been so amazing and transformative that I have a hard time seeing any shifts in the event as a real threat. “Bring on P.Diddy and the Turnkey Camps!” I said. I still believe that. But I also am able to understand the current fear more clearly now than I once did.

Like everyone, I am eagerly awaiting the official response to the recent controversies. I do *not* think Burning Man is doomed. Quite the contrary. I have faith we will figure this out and thrive.

Once we get a handle on the current challenges and correct the course, the magic will shine as bright as ever.

The fable below is fictional. Take it with a grain of dust.

Once upon a time there was food enthusiast who hosted a fantastic baked goods potluck.

He invited 10 adventurous cooks he knew and they started gathering each month to share delights.

Their culinary skills were varied…but they all sure loved food.

The spreads were AMAZING!

People went WAY over-the-top.

Exotic ingredients, rare fruits, fine wines.

For some participants it became almost a game: who could produce the most fantastic dessert?

MC Escher Cakes, Donut Macramé, Ghost Orchid Truffles.

Not all the dishes were so insane. The host baked the same modest (but delicious) raspberry drizzle brownies every month.

There was no animosity between Jenny who brought an intricate “Bacon Coliseum” 8 layer cake and Tony who brought a simple angel food cake. It was even cool that Edward purchased and brought a pre-made dragon fruit tart from his local bakery. The point was that everyone contributed towards the experience.

Very quickly, the event grew. People started bringing their culinary-minded friends.

Occasionally people would misunderstand and show up without a dish. They quickly felt uncomfortable and usually offered to help with dishes or something…then made sure they brought something awesome the next time.

Word started to spread of this amazing potluck with the life size Miley Cirus-sized peanut brittle and wasabi saffron pudding.

The host started asking everyone to chip in $5 to pay for table rentals and a next day maid service. Some of the original participants thought that was uncool. But most people had no problem paying a little (on top of whatever they were already spending to create their own dishes) for this unbelievable food extravaganza.

Many of the average chefs got inspired to study the baking arts. The desserts got better and better. And attendees started to bring more and more friends.

Until the host’s villa was filled to capacity.

So the host implemented a system: To reserve your space at the potluck, you paypal in your cleaning fee in advance and received an entrance ticket in exchange. (The fee had been raised to $10)

He gave away the tickets by way of a lottery – with some spots reserved for the OG cake masters who made the event what it was. The lottery was…well, that is a tale for a different day.

Not soon after the first lottery, a long time attendee brought a respected food writer from the local paper. The writer did not bring a dish.

Most attendees were fine with this. It was an honor to have the writer there and who knows, maybe she would be inspired by what they were doing and bring something special to the next potluck. And, in fact, thanks to an article and the writers introductions, several attendees got hired at restaurants and booked to make dishes for fancy events.

The gathering was special to all who attended. It felt like their potluck was the center of the dessert universe. The event became an important part of attendees lives and identities.

Unbeknownst to the other attendees, one old timer, Beatrice, made an announcement at her Ladies League meeting. “For $100 I will bring you to the most amazing tasting party in the world. Don’t worry about baking anything, I’ll make something and you can just come with me. “ Quite a few people in the League took her up on the offer. Beatrice paid the hostess an extra cleaning fee, but otherwise did not share the funds with anyone else in the potluck group.

At first nobody noticed. Or didn’t care. It wasn’t that a big deal that some of the attendees were not contributing in the same way. They seem like good people and maybe attending would inspire them to create a dish next time. Many of them were the type that might hire an attendee to cater a private tea party, in fact.

But as word spread of this new wave of “tourist” attendees, the original attendees started to feel taken advantage of. They felt like suckers. What was once a joyful experience of sharing their talents now felt, well, commodified. Why would they go to the store, buy all the ingredients with their own money, and invest all their labor just so Beatrice could make a buck off of them?

A number of the original attendees dropped out. More and more bakers started to look for ways to get compensated. But still, the waiting list to attend grew and grew.

What many considered the final blow was when people found out that the host was reserving spots for Beatrices’s League friends. While everyone else stressed and struggled to get in, the non-contributing newbie’s were able to buy their way in via Beatrice. Apparently they pledged big chunks of cash towards the host’s ever-growing “cleaning fund” established back in the day.

It was even discovered that Beatrice went so far as to bring a thermos of gourmet coffee to the potluck but only shared it with her League friends who had paid her.

The joy of gifting had become corrupted. The magic faded.

Attendees started to use the potluck as a way to advertise their catering businesses. Or would “partner with” (aka sell their spots) to retail bakeries. The food was still delicious, but things were different. It wasn’t fueled by mutual respect and a desire to share. It felt more like a trade show. Attendees started to question the return on their investment and rarely contributed out of their own pocket unless they could justify the promotional value.

The potluck is still going, but the original experience is long dead. People still gather once a month to sample yummy treats and most enjoy it still. You may even still hear someone say, “that was the best pie I’ve ever eaten.”

But you rarely hear anymore, “That potluck changed my life.”

“This is the way the world ends. Not with a bang but a whimper.” T.S. Eliot

Advertisements                                                                           0136034-797fd47b9900c8aa68057496a46fbfbb.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000023166 00000000000 015142  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Dark Souls, developed by From Software and released in 2011, redefines the idea of death in video games. In fact, death is integral to the game in every capacity, including its gameplay, minimalist story, and how the character interacts with other players online.

Dark Souls takes place in a world that is on the verge of death, only to be reborn in a new "Age." As it explains at the beginning, the current "Age of Fire" is ruled over by these god-like beings who use the power of souls to keep all-powerful bonfires lit across the world, with the implication that these bonfires grant immortality for these god-like beings.

The game begins towards the end of this Age, where the Lord of Cinder, Gwyn, notices that the bonfires were waning and first sacrifices his status as a god to keep them lit. When this fails, he then curses humans with a "dark sign," which forces them to be reborn as undead after they die, thus trapping them in a cycle of dying/rebirth until one of them manages to become powerful enough to sacrifice himself to the fires, and thus keep the Age of Fire from ending.

The only problem with this is that eventually, the humans afflicted with the dark sign end up going mad and eventually just become zombies who will mindlessly attack anything. Your player is one of these undead — in fact, the "chosen" undead who will be able to supplant Gwyn and either choose to end or prolong the Age of Fire.

Sounds confusing? It really is, but we'll get to the story soon enough. I didn't even really do the full story justice, but it is a very long, dense, and confusing narrative to pick up in one blog post.

This theme of death and rebirth permeates through every facet of this game. Let's start from a gameplay aspect: The game is a third-person, action role-playing game — and one that is infamous for its perceived difficulty. In fact it may be one of the most difficult games that I have ever played.

Dark Souls is an open-world dungeon crawler, where the dungeons intersect with one another in one gigantic world and where the player is free to move from one to the other (for the most part) as he unlocks them. It is a massive world where the player is one tiny, insignificant speck in it.

He can adorn himself in armor and the best weapons, but even with great equipment, the player lives in a world where large demons and hordes of zombies lurk around every corner; where every place is laden with traps, ambushes, and other horrible surprises that often result in instant death. Interspersed are larger boss creatures, usually massive in size or great in power, whose fights, even with the best preparation, are incredibly testing of one's skill.

And from a gameplay aspect, you are just a weak, pathetic human who must traverse all of this in order to complete the game. The player's life and stamina bars are incredibly small — usually a few good hits from even the weakest of enemies can put him in danger of dying. Thus, it becomes imperative for the player to continue to adapt to whatever situation he is in as each new area requires modifications to equipment, the character's statistics, and play style.

Even with the stats optimized, the player still feels vulnerable in most battles; most powerful weapons have slow attack animations, leaving the player wide open after swinging, as does drinking the "Estus Flask," which is the player's health potion for the game. Death is never very far away whenever one plays in Dark Souls and can come at any time (the game doesn't even allow you to pause!).

Needless to say, the player will die many times over the course of the game, and each time he does, he loses all the souls he has collected (the games currency, which is gained from killing other enemies) and is reborn back at the last bonfirewhere he rested. Further, all the enemies in the area will also respawn whenever the player decides to rest at the bonfire.

This makes resting at certain areas a precarious gamble as one can easily become stuck in a dungeon with no easy route out. For all of its difficulty, though, the game is frustratingly addictive since when you finally conquer a tricky section or boss, it really makes all of those times you had died really worthwhile.

The theme of death and rebirth is exacted beautifully in not only the gameplay but also in the world of the game itself. From the very first glance, it is a world that is slowly dying. Normal humans are scarce and sparse, and much more prevalent are fellow undead who have failed in the same quest you are undertaking (who now constitute many of the enemies that you fight).

The gigantic medieval metropolis of Lordran looks glorious from a distance but up close is a frightful ruin populated with monsters and undead. Sunlight peaks over the mountains of the distance, literally placing the game in a constant twilight (although, it actually turns out that the sunlight is merely an illusion maintained by one of the last gods, and once he is defeated, then the world is bathed in darkness), harkening back to the fact that this "day" of the gods is almost at an end.

Many of the non-player characters who are still alive are undead as well. They are merely biding their time before they too slip into madness (as many of them eventually do). The game thrives on an air of despair — an almost gallows humor — but with the slightest tinge of hope that the world will someday get better and that the constant chain of rebirth and death will eventually end.

The game, as with most of its story, only hints at what happened to the world — only offering exposition in brief snippits of dialogue, descriptions from items, and a hell of a lot of insinuation from the player. But once uncovered and realized, each area, enemy, and even the individual items have a lot of backstory.

For example, one section of the game is the Great Swamp, which used to be a home to many people and a group of pyromancers, and it rested at the very bottom of Lordran. One of these pyromancers, though, was shunned from the group for his development of "dark pyromancy" and his worship of a Chaos Witch (who is half spider). He in turn poisoned the Great Swamp, which in turn morphed much of the populace and creatures there into mutants; this area was then cordoned off and was named Blighttown.

All of this information, though, is based off of the dialogue from one NPC (who is incredibly tough to find), and the item description of a Poison spell bought from one pyromancer. Thus the story, though minimilist, is wonderfully deep and complex if the player takes the time to realize it.

But every section of the world is flawed, broken and dying. The general city that housed most of the populace is now filled with undead (the Undead Burg). The actual palace of the gods is now deserted except by one lone god who is himself an outcast of the others. And the deepest regions of the city are infested with demons due to a failed experiment to replicate the Great Flames.

But the debate that this "Age" should die is left up to the player. At the end of the game, after defeating the final boss (an undead and insane version of the Lord of Cinder) the player has the ultimate choice: either sacrifice himself to the bonfire and by his power prolong the Age of Fire or let it die and usher in a new Age of Dark.

The death of the player, if choosing to sacrifice himself now, is a permanent one, yet it is left up to debate if the Age of Fire will now be forever prolonged. After all, the Lord of Cinder technically sacrificed himself yet the Age of Fire still diminished eventually (his sacrifice also seems more hollow by the fact that the area around him after he was sacrificed is utterly destroyed and burnt to cinders –you literally fight him in the remains of a great palace that houses the flame, thus by sacrificing yourself you are causing this calamity again). But if you do not sacrifice yourself, does the curse of the cycle of rebirth and death end for humanity? It is a tough choice, for after fighting through so much, do you really want to just offer up your character like that, especially when the ramifications of your choice are so uncertain?

The main question is, as always: Is this game considered a work of art? Unequivocally, yes. It is a beautifully realized game with a solid theme or "argument" that permeated almost every facet of its development.

From the player experiencing death after death to him witnessing the death of an era, Dark Souls really explores the meaning of death in a video game. Even with eschewing the practices of "lives" and a "game over" screen by granting the player unlimited lives or invulnerability from truly dying, the game manages, through its brilliant level design and sheer difficulty, to still grant plenty of consequences for death.

Death, in Dark Souls, signifies sacrifice, from the level of the player (if you stockpile too many souls, you most likely will lose them after unexpectedly dying) to trying to score a brash hit on a boss that will certainly kill him (only to be killed in return) to the very end of the game, where the player can make the ultimate sacrifice and maybe "save" the world.

For the idea of sacrifice, especially with death, is tied to the idea of hope. With each death in this game is the hope that your efforts are saving this world and cleansing it one demon at a time. With each talk with a dismal NPC, the player realizes how much he really does want to change the world and make it better for these people. With each boss the player kills and special item he gets comes the bolstering of his hopes that he just made it a step closer to eventually beating the game. It is a fully realized game with a wonderful premise, and a beautiful world in which its themes of death, rebirth, and hope are present on every level.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136038-a9ec44a3cf88b598b3c3f7b63d1cc284.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001624 00000000000 015265  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        President Trump's tweeted comments about Puerto Rico, and specifically San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz, are "unspeakable," Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) told host Jake Tapper in an appearance on CNN's State of the Union Sunday.

"It is unspeakable, and I don't know what world Trump is living in," Sanders said. "People in Puerto Rico are suffering one of the worst disasters in the history of that island. We have got to do everything we can to help them. We all have got to remember the people of Puerto Rico are American citizens, entitled to the same help as the people of any other community in America."

Trump's public response to Puerto Rico's devastation by Hurricane Maria struck many critics as too little, too late, and since focusing on the island territory, the president has turned much of his attention to labeling Cruz "nasty," a "poor" leader, and, by implication, a "politically motivated ingrate."                                                                                                            0136145-4439e9c7b65bc69d94c159d94df59bbf.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007760 00000000000 015243  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        It was a spur of the moment decision. We had no reservations. We were just sitting by a fountain chit chatting when Christine suddenly suggested Girl and the Goat for dinner. Getting reservations here has to be for 1-2 months in advance, so we said forget reservations then, let’s just try for a walk-in. The hostess told us 1.5 – 2 hour wait, and as we were eyeing the bar, hoping to alternatively snag a seat there, a waitress comes to tell us that she can seat us in front of another reservation. What luck! YES!!!

With the exception of the hostess who was cold and unfriendly, the service here was impeccable. Our waitress was knowledgeable about everything on the menu. My friend eats gluten-free, and immediately we were given menus indicating which dishes were gluten-free, which surprisingly was most of the dishes.

The big WOW of the night for me came early. It was this gluten-free bread with tomato aioli and mushroom butter. I’ve never tasted bread, much less gluten-free bread, that is so incredibly fluffy and soft. If this is what gluten-free bread tastes like, I’ll take this over regular bread any day. The aioli and butter were phenomenal, especially the tomato aioli. I was dipping everything in it by the end of the meal.

The menu is divided up by vegetables, fish, and meat, with a special menu just of goat. All the plates are meant to be shared, so we were able to try a large variety. We started out with a salad of roasted beets, frisee, green beans, white anchovies, and avocado creme fraiche. It was a refreshing and light start of the meal.

Grill seared ahi tuna with mushrooms on smoked uni cream. The tuna and uni cream were great, but I’ve forgotten about this dish by the end of the night because it just got overshadowed by everything else.

Notice the progression of the dishes as they came out too. After you order everything, the kitchen will order the dishes and send it out in a logical fashion. The level of attention given to our pace of the meal was really impressive, so that we never had too many dishes on the table nor no dishes at the table. It takes a well-coordinated staff to do this. I know that I’m a slow eater, so I really appreciated not feeling rushed.

Off of the special goat menu, this is a goat belly confit with bourbon butter, lobster, crab, and fennel. The goat belly pieces were tiny and quite overwhelmed by the lobster and crab. This dish had potential, but I don’t think it paid tribute to the goat the way it’s supposed to. This was someone else’s favorite though. When I commented that the goat belly was too small, she said it was just the right amount.

With a name like wood oven roasted pig face, I expected a gruesome, hearty dish that just gets down and dirty with the flavors. What we got though, was something much more tidy and clean. The pig face is accompanied by a sunny side up egg, tamarind, cilantro, red wine-maple, and a bed of potato sticks. The flavors were bold, and it was satisfying the way that a brunch-appropriate dish is satisfying and quickly became a favorite at the table. I guess I was just expecting something that resembled more of a hot mess.

The sauteed shrimp with peanut-pork ragout and spaghetti squash was one of my top 3 of the night. The spaghetti squash was really nice with all the shrimp juices soaked into it.

We were really full at this point, but the best was still to come! Crisp braised pork shank, kimchi of butternut squash and shiitake mushrooms, naan, and buttermilk dressing. I just wish I had more stomach space because the pork was amazing – crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. It was cooked perfectly, and I kept going back to take one more bite even though I was already stuffed. This is a must order for everyone.

And that concludes a lovely 2-hour meal at Girl and the Goat with great service, good food across the board, and a couple of superstar dishes thrown in. Believe all the hype about this place, and do try to get here if you’re ever in Chi-town.

Girl and the Goat

809 W Randolph St, Chicago IL, 60607                0136125-d092e1212b349148c834df40e547f397.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006431 00000000000 014617  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Giant drugstore chain Walgreens is under fire for allegedly overcharging consumers with health insurance for generic-drug prescriptions. Customers could wind up making co-payments that are three to four times higher than they would otherwise cost through a program offered by the company, which is part of Walgreen Boots Alliance (WBA).

According to a 28-page federal court filing by a California consumer on May 28, Walgreens allegedly violates legal prohibitions that forbid pharmacies from charging consumers a fee for their medicines that exceeds the "usual and customary" price. The retailer submitted claims to third-party providers for payment at "prices that Walgreens has knowingly and intentionally inflated," the filing said.

The "lynchpin" in the alleged scheme is Walgreens' Prescription Savings Club (PSC), a program that allows cash-paying customers to purchase 30- or 90-day supplies of 500 commonly prescribed generic drugs at discount prices ranging from $5 to $30, the suit said. Rivals such as Walmart (WMT), Target (TGT) and Costco (COST) also offer deals on generic drugs, though they report their respective prices accurately to insurers.

Brothers create "Groupon" for cheap prescription drugs

"The PSC prices, however, are often significantly lower than the 'usual and customary' prices that Walgreens reports to health insurance companies," the suit said, resulting in lower co-pays (under the PSC plan) than people with insurance wind up paying.

"Using the PSC as its vehicle," the suit said, "Walgreens has effectively created a discriminatory pricing scheme, whereby customers enrolled in the PSC who are not using insurance when purchasing a prescription generic drug are able to pay the lower PSC price, while those customers using insurance must pay the higher and artificially inflated 'usual and customary' price."

Insurers provide incentives to participants in their plans to use generic drugs because they're usually cheaper than brand-name drugs. But the suit claims Walgreens doesn't tell consumers with insurance that they can get a better deal through the PSC and omits information that shows its "usual and customary prices" are more than double what some of its rivals charges.

The suit, whose lead plaintiff is Dawn Cobbs, a resident of San Diego who purchased generic medications from Walgreens stores in California, is seeking class action status. It aims to cover individuals with insurance who paid for a generic prescription that was included on the PSC.

Walgreens filled more than 928 million prescriptions in its 2016 fiscal year, most of which are generic drugs. Its retail pharmacy business brought in $83.8 billion in revenue that year. About 90 percent of U.S. citizens have a health insurance plan that covers some of their expenses for medications.

Like brand-name drugs, prices for some generics have skyrocketed in recent years. A study released last year by the Government Accountability Office found 315 medications with "extraordinary price increases" of at least 100 percent and in some cases 1,000 percent or more. Generic prices overall, however, fell.

Shares of Walgreens, the second-largest drugstore chain behind CVS (CVS), rose 1.1 percent, or 86 cents, to close at $81.02 on Wednesday. A company spokesman declined to comment for this story because of the pending litigation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0136062-d46f8fdfd1302af3015d618b224d2b7d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015731 00000000000 015161  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Sometimes during work on a complex project in GIMP you carefully construct a very precise selection you might need later, but just now you have to switch to a different layer and do something else. So how does one go about saving and restoring selections for later use? It's actually very easy.

This GIMP tutorial explains two ways to do it and discusses their pro and cons.

Saving selections to channels

GIMP has three intertwined concepts: selections, channels and masks. Among them, channels are taking a central position, the other two are built on top of them. Every time you work on a selection or a mask you actually work on a channel — it's just nicely abstracted away. Let's see how it works on a fairly simple example: a rather monotonous background and a well standing out object in foreground.

Um, "object" :)

So, say we pressed Shift+Q to enable a quick mask (we'll talk of selections in a different tutorial) and did a quick and dirty selection using a feathered brush:

As you can see, in the Channels dialog a new channel called "Quick Mask" pops up and contains our selection. As soon as you press Shift+Q again to disable quick mask, the channel disappears, and the image gets a common "marching ants" selection marquee.

See? The selection is a channel really. So how about converting a selection to a channel explicitly? Easiest way to do it is using Select > Save to Channel command:

The selection will be preserved, but a new channel in the Channels dialog will appear with a name "Selection Mask copy" (see it again? selections, channels and masks).

It works vice versa even easier: to restore a selection from a channel just select a channel and click this button in the bottom toolbar of the Channels dialog (or use contextual/right-click menu):

By default this will replace any existing selection with a new one restored from your custom channel. But you can use modification buttons to do boolean operations with an existing selection: Shift will add to existing selection, Ctrl will subtract from it, Shift+Ctrl will intersect existing and new selections. In other words, it works just like everywhere else in GIMP.

Unlike the temporary quick mask channel that paints transparent red over the image, this channel is invisible by default, but is preserved and, which is even nicer, is saved to GIMP's native XCF files. You can keep as many custom channels as you wish, across sessions. You really can.

So you can save all selections you might later need into channels and restore them whenever you want to. And since there can be dozens of them, you can double-click them in the Channels dialog and give each some new meaningful names.

There is one last thing it's useful to know about channels. When you click an eye icon in the Channels dialog to the left from a channel, GIMP renders that channel on top of the whole image (it's exactly what it does when you enable a quick mask). That way you can preview selection you once made. It's a really handy feature, especially when you have lots of custom channels all close to each other.

But sometimes channel's color matches color of a large area in an image, and thus when you preview the channel you might feel lost. Our simple case above is a great example of that. Have a look yourself and tell me if you don't feel like squinting to figure out what area the channel covers exactly, because I bet you will:

But hey, you can easily fix that by changing color of a custom channel! Right-click to open contextual menu and choose topmost menu item called "Edit Channel Attributes".

In the newly opened dialog you can click the preview rectangle to pick a different color and change opacity, should you really want to do that.

Does it help? Oh yes, it does:

As you can easily guess, since we are talking about channels, the very same trick will work for quick masks. That will come in handy for cases when there is a lot of red in an image. Say, you are so unlucky that you have to select embossed paintings on a red-brick Tibetan monastery wall:

Given that edges of paintings are not exactly even, after using polygonal lasso you will have to use feathered brush quite a bit to get the selection nice and clean, and this is where close red hues of the quick mask and the bricks will get to you.

So all you need to do is choose a different hue for the quick mask the way explained above, and suddenly epilepsy caused by lots and lots of red doesn't trouble you anymore. Oh, and it's easier to select too:

By the way, if you selected a different color for a custom channel, this will be saved into XCF and thus preserved across sessions. For quick masks however the custom color will be preserved only within current session.

OK, that's about it regarding channels. Let's move on to paths.

Saving selections to paths

A very nice thing about GIMP is that it does a very reasonable conversion of selections to Bezier paths, not just paths to selections like you could expect.

Supposing some kind person felt generous and threw you a bone which you immediately gnawed selected and outlined using Select > To Path menu item or the respective button in the Paths dialog:

(By the way, if you want some serious voodoo, try clicking the Selection to Path button with Shift pressed.)

The resulted path can be both edited as, well, Bezier curve, and converted back to selection using this very familiarly looking button:

Storing selections as paths has several benefits.

If you moved the original layer in your further edits after creating a channel from selection, you will have to restore selection, move it to match new layer's position, then save selection to channel again to match current state of affairs and, finally, remove the old channel that is no longer needed. With paths you only need to shift a path and then you just create a selection from it, no need to cleanup anything.

Another benefit is that each path is saved with XCF file, can be exported to SVG (supported by Inkscape, Adobe Illustrator and Corel DRAW), and if you export the whole project to TIFF, every path is saved as clipping path and can be read by applications like Scribus and Adobe InDesign.

There is a drawback too, however: feathering (the bone was chicken's) isn't preserved when you save selections as paths.

Selection editor

As a matter of fact there is a dockable dialog in GIMP which this article could be started from:

As you can see it combines a selection preview and buttons for saving inverting and removing selection, as well as converting selection to channel or path or stroking a selection.

Personally I'm not quite convinced of the dialog's usefulness, because most important commands can be assigned a shortcut, and the rest can be done from menu, so not much reason for another floated or docked dialog to me. But YMMV.

Conclusions

Let's have a short round of TL;DR.

Channels are best when you need preserving feathering and easy graphical preview of a saved selection.

Paths are best when you need mobile layers/selections and advanced compatibility with other applications.

If you have questions, please just comment.                                       0136134-f6b3bc0f2746ff5b13396741a862a198.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005657 00000000000 014771  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Sebastian Gorka Sebastian Lukacs GorkaGorka says subway murder proves illegal immigration 'is a national security threat' Dems call for revoking Kushner's security clearance Christie says Trump hired 'riffraff' in new book MORE, a deputy assistant to President Trump, was a frequent critic of Trump on foreign policy issues during the 2016 presidential campaign, CNN reported Friday.

While the former Breitbart national security editor advised the Trump campaign in 2015, he later criticized Trump on several foreign policy issues.

"On the right, the Republican side, we have the New York real estate mogul who's very full of bluster, full of sturm und drang, makes lots of statements about how we're going to win and how the U.S. Army is going to be undefeatable, but there's no depth," Gorka said during an appearance on "The Georgene Rice Show" in April 2016, CNN reported.

"There's no plan. There's no strategy. So I can't judge him because he's really a black hole, so the last one that's really serious is Sen. [Ted] Cruz [R-Texas]," he added at the time.

ADVERTISEMENT

Gorka also maintained that he didn't see "a mature plan" in Trump's foreign policy.

"The real estate mogul from New York is a lot of bluster, a lot of loud things to do with waterboarding, etc.," Gorka said days earlier on another radio program, according to CNN. "But I just don't see the detail; I don't see the mature plan."

Alongside the criticism of Trump's vision for the country, Gorka also took issue with specific policy positions.

"When he talked about the attitude to our allies, to whether they should freeload or not, also when he talked about Russia and China, I was really disturbed," he said in June on "The Don Smith Show" as reported by the network.

"The things he said about how we can work with Russia and China, Russia is not on our side. The head of Russia is a former KGB colonel who wanted to destroy America. China is the world's most powerful communist nation so the idea, if you think we can work with these guys in meaningful fashion, I think history would prove you wrong," he said, adding he thought Trump's views had improved but remained "problematic."

Gorka declined to comment to CNN about his past criticisms of Trump.

He has since become a regular defender of Trump's foreign policy views and frequently appears on television and radio programs lauding the president's statements and positions.

Past criticism of the president has previously stirred scrutiny.

In February, Trump reportedly rejected Elliott Abrams, a top candidate for deputy secretary of State, after learning that he had criticized him during the campaign.

Abrams, who had experience serving under former Presidents Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush, wrote an op-ed for the conservative magazine the Weekly Standard in May 2016 titled "When you can't stand your candidate." At the time, he argued that the GOP had "nominated someone who cannot win and should not be president of the United States."                                                                                 0136035-c1f50d987772dab83e685f3034776609.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001721 00000000000 014635  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Based on a widely used set of accounting standards, Wisconsin's budget picture looks to have deteriorated last year.

The budget typically ends each fiscal year in the black, but when Generally Accepted Accounting Principles — also known as GAAP — are applied, then it has long run a deficit. The GAAP deficit had been shrinking under Gov. Scott Walker, but last fiscal year it grew from about $1.4 billion to $1.8 billion.

Dale Knapp with the Wisconsin Taxpayers Alliance said the biggest reason for the increase is that lawmakers and the governor, expecting a big jump in tax revenue, decided to cut taxes.

"That extra revenue that we were expecting didn't come through, and as a result, essentially they had to draw down the balance that they did have," said Knapp.

Knapp said GAAP accounting is useful because it gives an apples-to-apples comparison with other states, most of which run surpluses. Bond houses use GAAP accounting when they decide state bond ratings.                                               0136132-6416b02e879a05ef37eeece56c149100.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013401 00000000000 015022  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        For those who work in the theatre, the idea of defending the term “live action” would seem an unnecessary task. But as movie marketers, abetted uncritically by the entertainment press, seem determined to diminish the concept, it appears that a brief primer is warranted.

Live-action has, for many years, been a term reserved for that which actually occurs in real life, that is to say the activities of humans (and other animals). Whether performed on stage or captured on a camera, real people have been the central tenet of live action. In the theatre, while everything that surrounds people on a stage is by necessity a simulacrum of reality (and sometimes not even that), the presence of the actor grounds theatre in its “liveness.” The same has held true for most movies, even ones in which human action is assisted by tricks and tools (Superman flying; Jeff Goldblum transmogrifying into Brundlefly). Animated films were those which were understood to be drawn; in early years this was often quite rudimentary, and now it has become quite sophisticated, to the point that it’s becoming increasingly difficult to know where reality ends and digital imagery begins.

Why the compulsion to spell this out? Because of a series of films being released and planned by Disney, in particular. Following on their newest version of The Jungle Book, in which the only human actor – excluding voice actors – was the child playing Mowgli and as the newest version of the musical Beauty and the Beast approaches, Disney has announced what was widely described as a live-action version of The Lion King. With Donald Glover and James Earl Jones touted as starring, the latter “reprising” his role, the description of the film as live-action permeated the press, including CNN, Variety, Entertainment Weekly, BuzzFeed, Los Angeles Times and Time magazine, to name but a few. Even theatre-centric outlets like Theatremania and Playbill parroted this language.

While I am not privy to the conceptual work in connection with new The Lion King, I am prepared to guess that we will not see James Earl Jones in a lion suit ruling over an African savannah. What we will most likely get is a reasonably photorealistic lion with Jones’s magnificent voice. Perhaps motion capture will be used to allow Jones’s and Glover’s facial expressions to be mirrored in their semi-anthropomorphized state, though at age 86, I doubt Jones will be providing the sort of full-body motion capture that we know from the work of Andy Serkis. There has been a live-action Lion King for 20 years, by the way, staged by Julie Taymor.

Live action and animation have been blended virtually since the start of film. Walt Disney’s earliest success came with a series of short “Alice” films in which a real girl undertook adventures in animated worlds, though no one would have confused what was real and what was drawn. Over the years we’ve seen animated characters in largely live action films (from Gene Kelly dancing with Jerry the Mouse, Don Knotts submerged as Mr. Limpet, and certainly Who Framed Roger Rabbit, the apotheosis of this technique). Most of the Marvel superhero films since X-Men have made extensive use of animated settings, with actors shot on greenscreen and surroundings added later – and when we see Spider-Man swinging through Manhattan, we’re not watching Tobey Maguire or Andrew Garfield in advanced rigging, but rather an animated figure in both filmed and simulated settings.

One need only look at the Motion Picture Academy’s science and technical awards to understand how important this sophisticated animation is to the field. There were certificates described as follows: “The Viper camera enabled frame-based logarithmic encoding, which provided uncompressed camera output suitable for importing into existing digital intermediate workflows” and “Meander’s innovative curve-rendering method faithfully captures the artist’s intent, resulting in a significant improvement in creative communication throughout the production pipeline.” There were three separate honors for facial capture systems.

None of this is meant to diminish the films that employ these techniques or devalue them as entertainment. But as we reach a point where nothing onscreen ever existed anywhere but within computers as a massive series of 0s and 1s, it’s time to fight for the preservation of “live-action” as being something that retains the human, the biological, the corporeal. This is akin to the Champagne region of France wanting to insure that only sparkling wines made there can be called champagne.

The Jungle Book may have looked fairly real (perhaps even a hyper-realism), but unless The Lion King will be employing a wide range of well-trained, stunningly collegial bunch of wild animals whose mouths are animated (a la Babe, the sheep pig), then it’s time the entertainment media stop playing into this live action narrative. After all, no one ever pretended that King Kong or Bruce the Shark in Jaws were real, but they were grounded in the physical world (often by the limitations of technology), whereas now Kong is a highly sophisticated piece of digital animation in the new Kong: Skull Island, and crappily rendered sharks fall from the sky every summer on SyFy.

It’s especially important for theatre that this distinction be made, because if people come to accept and even believe that what they’re seeing on screen is reality, how can theatre compete without giving itself over to holograms? Mark my words. It’s coming. But for now, let’s hold on to the idea that live action still shows us beings that draw breath, not just in body or in voice, but in complete form. The movies need to come up with their own term. Let’s fight for live action as a brand. Because that’s what theatre is all about.

Like this: Like Loading...                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0136072-0c02129e9b5b0114c3a2bec3953d7c1d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004737 00000000000 015070  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Ahead of the 2016 presidential election, a GOP opposition researcher sought emails deleted from Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE’s private email server that he believed had been hacked by the Russians, according to a new report on Thursday.

The operative, Peter W. Smith, the White House and an official for President Trump’s campaign deny that the operative worked for them, The Wall Street Journal reported.

However, during his investigation, Smith told several of the people he interviewed in search of the emails that he was affiliated with Trump’s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn.

ADVERTISEMENT

According to the Journal, federal investigators probing Russia’s role in the 2016 election have looked into intelligence reports indicating that Russian hackers sought to obtain Clinton’s emails and hand them over to Flynn through an intermediary.

It isn’t clear who the intermediary was, though the intelligence was gathered around the same time that Smith’s group was seeking the emails.

Flynn was forced to resign as Trump’s national security adviser in February amid revelations that he misled Vice President Pence and other White House officials about his conversations with Russia’s ambassador to the U.S. Flynn did not respond to the Journal's request for comment.

As part of his effort to obtain the emails, Smith put together a group of lawyers, investigators and technology experts.

The emails sought by Smith were those deleted from Clinton’s private email server. Former FBI Director James Comey said last year in his recommendation against prosecuting Clinton that the private server did not appear to have been hacked.

The result of his investigation, Smith said, was that five hacking groups claimed to have Clinton’s private emails, and he determined that at least two of those groups were Russian.

But the GOP operative said he was unsure if the emails reviewed by his group were authentic. Instead, his operation advised the hackers to give the documents to the anti-secrecy site WikiLeaks. They were never published and WikiLeaks has not claimed to possess them.

Smith has died since speaking to the Journal, the paper reported.

— This report was updated at 6:15 p.m.                                 0136107-6c815df0acd19e7d914c6ff0cbc15765.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000073532 00000000000 015264  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        15th episode of the second season of Star Trek: The Original Series

"The Trouble with Tribbles" is the fifteenth episode of the second season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek. Written by David Gerrold and directed by Joseph Pevney, it was first broadcast on December 29, 1967.

In the episode, the starship Enterprise arrives at Deep Space Station K7 and is conscripted to guard a consignment of grain from sabotage, the Klingons being of concern. Lt. Uhura is given a tribble which leads to dramatic consequences.

"The Trouble with Tribbles" was intended to have a third-season follow-up episode, but it was not completed. The follow-up episode was developed for Star Trek: The Animated Series as "More Tribbles, More Troubles". Gerrold explained that the episode was almost unchanged from the original premise. To celebrate the 30th anniversary of Star Trek in 1996, the Star Trek: Deep Space Nine episode "Trials and Tribble-ations" used digital techniques to insert the Deep Space Nine actors into the events of "The Trouble with Tribbles". Gerrold appeared on-screen as an extra, and the episode was nominated for three Emmy Awards and also for the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation.

Plot [ edit ]

The Enterprise is summoned to Deep Space Station K7 by a "priority one" distress call, used only in case of disaster. On arrival, Captain James T. Kirk (William Shatner) is infuriated to learn that there has been no disaster; the distress call was ordered by Nilz Baris (William Schallert), the Federation Undersecretary of Agricultural Affairs, who only wants guards for his shipments of quadrotriticale grain bound for Sherman's Planet. The grain is crucial for the Federation's plan to develop the planet and claim it under the terms of the Organian Peace Treaty. Starfleet Command shares Baris's concerns and orders Kirk to cooperate.

As the Enterprise crew enjoy shore leave on the station, interstellar trader Cyrano Jones (Stanley Adams) arrives with goods for sale, among them purring balls of fluff called tribbles. He gives one to Lt. Uhura (Nichelle Nichols), who brings it on board the Enterprise, where it quickly begins to reproduce. The human crew adore the animals and Uhura gives the offspring away.

A Klingon ship arrives under the command of Captain Koloth (William Campbell), who invokes his right under the Organian treaty to shore leave for his crew. The tribbles, multiplying rapidly on the station, disgust the Klingons, and the feeling is mutual. Korax, a Klingon, insults the Enterprise crew (led by Scotty and Chekov) and a fight breaks out. Baris, for his part, is terrified of possible Klingon interference with the grain project, and suspects Jones of being a Klingon agent.

Doctor Leonard McCoy (DeForest Kelley) and Mr. Spock (Leonard Nimoy) are concerned that the increasing number of tribbles threaten to consume all the food aboard the Enterprise. When it is discovered that they are entering ship systems through air vents, Kirk realizes that they could be a threat to the grain aboard the station. He is too late, however; when he opens an overhead storage compartment, he is literally buried in grain-gorged tribbles. Spock and McCoy discover that many of the tribbles in the hold are dead or dying, suggesting another problem with the grain.

Baris vows to see Kirk punished for the fiasco, and Koloth demands an apology from Kirk for what he considers disrespectful treatment of his crew. Their arguments are cut short, however, when Baris's assistant Arne Darvin (Charlie Brill) walks into the room and the tribbles react as if in the presence of a Klingon. McCoy reveals Darvin to be a surgically-altered Klingon. Darvin confesses to having contaminated the grain with what McCoy explains is a virus that interferes with an organism's ability to digest food, eventually killing it.

After Darvin's exposure and arrest, Cyrano Jones is ordered to remove the tribbles from the station (a task that Spock estimates will take 17.9 years), or he may face charges for transporting dangerous life forms. Just before the Klingons depart, all the tribbles aboard the Enterprise are transported onto the Klingon vessel by Chief Engineer Scott, where, in his words, "they'll be no tribble at all."

Production [ edit ]

Writing [ edit ]

(photographed in 2010) "The Trouble with Tribbles" was the first sale of writer David Gerrold

The episode was the first professional work of writer David Gerrold, and went through a variety of drafts before it reached the screen. Because his typewriter used a less common, smaller size font, an approved version needed to be reduced by twenty pages before filming. Nichelle Nichols remarked that she had "never seen a script go through so many changes—and stay so much the same".[2]

Gerrold had been a fan of science fiction since he was a child.[3] When Star Trek was first broadcast, he was concerned that it might turn into something similar to Lost in Space, which he described as "one full-color hour of trash reaching into millions of homes".[4] His first story outline was sent into Star Trek after his agent suggested that he waited until the shows started to air under the theory that the show might drop an existing episode in favor of a better script.[5] The story was entitled "Tomorrow Was Yesterday" (not to be confused with "Tomorrow Is Yesterday") and was about the Enterprise coming across a generation ship which had descended into a two-tier class system.[5] His agent received a rejection letter from producer Gene L. Coon dated October 3, 1966. The letter stated that the "outline was by no means inadequate. It is, as a matter of fact, very adequate."[6] It went on to say that it would require a budget larger than that available to television, but would have made a good film treatment. Coon offered to meet with Gerrold and explain what they were looking for, because they were not purchasing scripts at that time.[6]

Coon suggested that Gerrold should wait until the following February to see if the show was renewed for a second season. They also discussed several story ideas, including some small furry creatures that bred too quickly. Coon thought it was a cute idea but would be too expensive as they'd have to build each creature.[7] In preparation for the second series submission, by January, Gerrold had put together five premises to pitch.[8] He had his best hopes on two treatments called "Bandi" and "The Protracted Man",[9] but decided to submit his fifth story despite Coon's earlier dismissal of the idea.[9] It was called "The Fuzzies".[10] The idea was based on the introduction of rabbits in Australia in 1859, who reproduced at a vastly increased rate owing to the lack of predators.[11]

The initial premise placed the story on a space station to avoid the ecological damage that the creatures would have on a planet. However, Gerrold's agent was concerned that requiring a miniature of the station to be built as well as the additional sets would cause it to be too expensive for a single episode.[12] Because of his agent's comments, Gerrold modified the pitch to place the action on a colony planet instead.[13] This pitch included the plot points such as the creatures getting into a poisoned grain storage, but omitted the Klingons; and Cyrano Jones was called Cyrano Smith.[14][15] The five pitches were submitted by Gerrold's agent in February 1967, and received a response in June. At the time the show had already purchased too many scripts for the second season, but story editor D. C. Fontana suggested that they should purchase the story and assign it to a staff writer as it was better than some of the other stories they already had.[16]

At the time that Coon got in touch, Gerrold had just been employed at CBS as a typist working on scripts such as the pilot of Hawaii Five-O. As soon as he got the response, he quit the job.[17] Gerrold and Coon met once more,[18] and revealed that the network had recently made a request for more episodes based on other planets. Coon told Gerrold to work up a further pitch.[18] This version of the story added the Klingons,[19] and moved the action from planetside to a space station.[20] During a visit to the set, Gerrold had the opportunity to speak to Leonard Nimoy and ask his advice on how to write for Spock and was allowed to watch the dailies from each day's shoot of the episode "The Doomsday Machine" which was being filmed at the time.[21][22] This version of the story was entitled "A Fuzzy Thing Happened to Me...",[20] which was purchased by Coon as a plot outline.[23] He offered Gerrold a chance to write the script himself, by promising not to hand it to another writer for a month. However, Coon made it clear that he was not offering Gerrold a script assignment, but was giving him the option of submitting a draft.[24]

Gerrold turned around the first draft script in two and a half days.[25] Both Coon and Associate Producer Robert Justman gave feedback on the script, and pointed out a few gaps such as there needing to be some way in the plot for the crew to discover that Darvin was a Klingon agent.[26] The following draft had Cyrano Jones discover that Darvin was an agent, which Coon thought was not "punchy" enough.[27] It was then re-written so that the fuzzies were allergic to Klingons. Both Gerrold and Coon thought the idea was "trite... shtick... hokey" and "had been done before".[27] but Coon agreed that it was the direction the story should go.[27] The re-write of the script took a further week.[28]

Nichelle Nichols said that she had never seen a script changed so much but stay the same

On a further visit to the set, Gerrold was called into Coon's office. He was informed that he needed to change the name of the fuzzies, as the legal department was concerned about similarities in the name with H. Beam Piper's 1962 novel Little Fuzzy.[29] He subsequently came up with a variety of alternative names. Through a process of elimination, he ended up with the name "tribble".[30] Gerrold's submitted script was within the standard page count for an episode, but, when it was retyped for distribution by the production's mimeo department, it ballooned from 60 to 80 pages due to Gerrold's having used a typewriter with 12-pitch rather than the 10 characters per inch Pica standard of the TV and film industry.[31] This meant that some twenty pages needed to be cut from the script.[31]

Scenes which were cut from the script included the Enterprise chasing after Jones in his vessel,[32] and resulted in the scene where Kirk has tribbles tumbling onto him while in the grain locker. Gerrold felt that this enforced editing process "tightened up the story and made for a better series of gags".[32] Nichelle Nichols said to Gerrold "I've never seen a script go through so many changes – and stay so much the same".[2]

Coon's participation in terms of suggestions and edits was such that Gerrold thought he should have been given a co-writing credit.[33]

The producers liked the resulting script so much that Gerrold was later tasked with re-writing the script for "I, Mudd",[34] but did not take any credit on the final script as he did not want to take the credit from Stephen Kandel, the creator of Harry Mudd.[30]

Gerrold worked on "I, Mudd" before "The Trouble with Tribbles" began to film. He was surprised one morning when he was handed a copy of the tribbles script and told to sign it for Robert A. Heinlein. The Kellam de Forest script clearance and research firm[35] had cautioned that the tribbles in the episode resembled the Martian flat cats in Heinlein's 1952 novel The Rolling Stones, and suggested that the rights to the novel should be purchased. Gerrold became concerned that he had inadvertently plagiarized the novel which he had read fifteen years before.[36] Coon phoned Heinlein, who, according to Gerrold, only asked for a signed copy of the script and later sent a note to Gerrold after the show aired to thank him for the script.[37]

Heinlein’s own recollections were at odds with this account. In his authorized biography Heinlein said he was called by Gene Coon about the issue and agreed to waive claim to the "similarity" to his flat cats because he’d just been through one plagiarism lawsuit and did not wish to embroil himself in another. He had misgivings upon seeing the actual script but let it go, an action he later regretted: "If that matter had simply been dropped after that one episode was filmed, I would have chalked it up wryly to experience. But the 'nice kid' did not drop it; 'tribbles' (i.e. my 'flat cats') have been exploited endlessly… Well that’s one that did 'larn me.' Today if J. Christ phoned me on some matter of business, I would simply tell him: 'See my agent.'"[38]

The fictional quadrotriticale's real-world antecedent, the grain triticale, was a fairly new invention at the time of the episode.

Filming [ edit ]

During the course of filming, William Shatner was covered with five hundred tribbles on eight occasions

The use of live animals to represent the tribbles was immediately ruled out. According to Gerrold's account, the inspiration for the form of the tribble instead came from a fluffy keyring owned by Holly Sherman.[11] Sherman's Planet in this episode was subsequently named after her.[39] The design came from Wah Chang,[40] but they were individually sewn by Jacqueline Cumeré. She was paid $350 to sew five hundred tribbles from synthetic fur and stuff them with foam rubber.[11][41] Six ambulatory tribbles were made using the mechanisms of walking toy dogs, which were quite noisy and required the dialogue to be looped in during editing.[42] Other tribbles were created by Jim Rugg out of beanbags for when it was required for one to sit on a person or object, and the breathing tribbles were hollow with surgical balloons inserted.[11][42] Some of these tribbles were later displayed at the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum in Washington D.C. in 1992.[43] The sale at Christie's auction house in 2006 included tribbles from this episode as part of a larger Star Trek sale.[44] Because of the synthetic fur technology of the 1960s, relatively few original tribbles exist as of 2010 because the fur fell out over time and they went bald.[45] An original tribble was sold at auction in 2003 for $1,000.[46]

Filming began during the second week of August 1967.[47] Three temporary sets and a portion of corridor were constructed for specific use in this episode, which included the large trading post set.[48] The chairs in that set were a problem, as the set designers wanted 24 matching chairs and decided that folding ones would not do. John M. Dwyer sourced them from a local company, but the numbers required meant that they had to be pulled out of showrooms from all over the county. When it came to the fight scene in the episode, Dwyer warned director Joseph Pevney not to damage the chairs.[49] That scene was filmed twice after a cameraman with a handheld camera wandered onto the set.[49] The scene where Kirk is covered with tribbles in the grain container needed to be filmed eight times, using all five hundred sewn tribbles.[50] Gerrold had expected that scene to be cut at some point during production, as he thought that William Shatner would not agree to it. He said that Shatner was the "consummate professional and I believe he was eager to show off his comic abilities".[51]

Pevney was pleased with the outcome of the shoot, calling the episode "a delightful show from beginning to end".[1] In addition to directing, Pevney also sourced some of the parts to create the tribbles and was directly responsible for the casting of Stanley Adams.[1] He had pushed for the episode to be made as he recalled that there was some resistance at the time against making a comedy-style episode.[1] These types of episodes were unusual for the series, as only "The Trouble with Tribbles" and "A Piece of the Action" were considered to be comedic episodes from season two.[52] Pevney was one of the two most prolific Original Series directors alongside Marc Daniels, and directed fourteen episodes of the show.[53] The cast responded favorably to the script. Nichelle Nichols was particularly pleased as it allowed Uhura to be a woman and took her off the bridge.[42] It was one of her largest roles in any single episode in the series.[54]

Casting [ edit ]

William Campbell had previously appeared in the first season episode "The Squire of Gothos" as Trelane.[55] In "The Trouble with Tribbles", he portrayed the Klingon Captain Koloth. At various points Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry claimed it was his intention to bring back Koloth during the third season of The Original Series, as Kirk's recurring Klingon adversary, some internal production documents contradict this story. Although Koloth returned in Star Trek: The Animated Series, Campbell did not voice the role.[56] He returned to the role in 1994 for an episode of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine,[55][57] entitled "Blood Oath".[56]

At the time of casting, William Schallert had just finished filming the ABC sitcom The Patty Duke Show. He described himself not as a fan, and had not read any science fiction since 1948. He thought that the role of Nilz Baris was just another guest spot, and the role of a "rather stuffy bureaucrat... [was] not the most appealing character".[58] He did not remember the character's name, only recalling it when he first attended a Star Trek convention at a hotel near Los Angeles Airport, as the fans called it out when he entered the lobby.[58] He was later cast in the role of the Bajoran musician Varani in the DS9 episode "Sanctuary".[58]

Whit Bissell, who played the station manager, Lurry,[1] was better known at the time in the main cast role of Lt. Gen. Heywood Kirk in the ABC science fiction television series The Time Tunnel.[59] Michael Pataki, who portrayed the Klingon Korax, went on to play Karnas in Star Trek: The Next Generation first season episode "Too Short a Season".[60] Charlie Brill portrayed the Klingon agent Arne Darvin.[1] Brill has previously been a sketch comedy artist with his wife Mitzi McCall, and had appeared on The Ed Sullivan Show when The Beatles made their first appearance.[61]

Reception [ edit ]

While initial fan reaction to the episode was mixed, it was more popular with the general public. Critical response to the episode was positive, and it was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation which instead went to fellow Star Trek episode "The City on the Edge of Forever". It has since been included in several "best of" episode lists and features, including as part of the Best of DVD collection alongside three other episodes. It has also been released as part of the season two DVD box set.

Broadcast [ edit ]

"The Trouble with Tribbles" was first broadcast in the United States on December 29, 1967 on NBC.[62] The initial fan reaction was undecided,[citation needed] but the episode connected better with the mass market.[63] This effect was later explained in 2012 when Jordon Hoffman on StarTrek.com described "The Trouble with Tribbles" as "quite possibly, the first episode of Star Trek you ever saw".[64] It entered popular culture and remained well known to the public outside of the Star Trek community.[65]

Retrospective critiques [ edit ]

The New York Times described the scene with Kirk and the tribbles in the grain container as one of the "best-remembered moments" of the series.[41] Time magazine ranked "The Trouble with Tribbles" as the sixth best moment in Star Trek.[63] IGN ranked it as the fifth best episode of The Original Series,[66] while TechRepublic ranked it as the fourth best.[67] The A.V. Club included "The Trouble with Tribbles" in a list of ten must-see episodes,[68] and USA Today' listed as one of the three best.[69] In 1998, "The Trouble with Tribbles" was listed as the eighth best cult moment of all time by The Times newspaper.[70] In a list of the top 100 episodes of the Star Trek franchise, "The Trouble with Tribbles" was placed sixth by Charlie Jane Anders at io9.[71]

Zack Handlen's July 2009 review for The A.V. Club gave the episode a grade of A.[72] Cyrano Jones was Handlen's least favorite part of the episode, and with the exception of that character, it was one of the better scripts seen in The Original Series. He thought that despite the lack of a sense of real danger, the plot all comes together neatly and praised the story's effects on Kirk, saying "The way the episode unfolds means Kirk's constantly dealing with things he does not really want to deal with, and there's a surprising amount of enjoyment to be had in seeing him complain about it to Spock."[72]

Michele Erica Green, writing for TrekNation in March 2006, said she thought that the episode would have dated, but found it was "as funny as ever." She thought that Scotty's lines were "unforgettable" and the scenes between McCoy and Spock were "priceless".[73] Eugene Myers and Torie Atkinson reviewed the episode for Tor.com in April 2010. They described it as "easily the most celebrated episode of the entire original series (if not the whole franchise)".[74] They went on to describe it as a "perfect episode", and both gave it maximum scores of six out of six.[74] Jamahl Epsicokhan at "Jammer's Reviews" said that the team behind Star Trek were "at the top of their game" with this episode.[75] He gave it a score of four out of four, saying that "'Tribbles' is perhaps the best, most enjoyable comic piece the franchise has ever put out."[75]

Awards [ edit ]

The episode was nominated for Best Dramatic Presentation at the 1968 Hugo Awards.[76] All of the nominees that year were episodes of Star Trek, with the award instead going to "The City on the Edge of Forever".[76] From the number of votes, "The Trouble with Tribbles" was placed second.[77]

Home media release [ edit ]

"The Trouble with Tribbles" was one of the first episodes to receive an official release by Paramount Home Entertainment. In 1980, it was released on VHS on a two episode tape alongside "Let That Be Your Last Battlefield".[78] It was re-released towards in 1991 as part of the first full season release on VHS.[79] This was re-released in 1993,[80] and was released on laserdisc.[81] In 1998, a "Talking Tribble Gift Set" was released which contained both "The Trouble with Tribbles and "Trials and Tribble-ations" on VHS.[82] The first DVD release was in 2000, when all of The Original Series episodes were released in individual releases of two episodes per disc.[83] The first season set that the episode was included in was as part of the season two DVD set released in the United States on November 2, 2004.[69]

In 2009, it was included in a best of collection with three other episodes of The Original Series alongside "Amok Time", "The City on the Edge of Forever" and "Balance of Terror".[84][85] The re-mastered DVD sets were also re-launched to coincide with the release of the film, Star Trek. The Blu ray release included the un-changed scenes as alternative angles. Disc five of each set contained only "The Trouble with Tribbles" from The Original Series but otherwise contained tribble related extras. These included both "More Tribbles, More Troubles" and "Trials and Tribble-ations".[86]

Legacy [ edit ]

More Tribbles, More Troubles [ edit ]

"The Trouble with Tribbles" was originally intended to have a follow-up episode during season three, but after Gene Roddenberry stepped back from the production of the show after a time-slot change and further cuts in the budget, the idea was scrapped.[74][87] In 1973, Gerrold had become friends with D. C. Fontana from their time spent on the Star Trek convention circuit together. He had heard about Star Trek: The Animated Series, and offered to do an episode. Fontana responded that she wanted the tribble episode that was cut from season three.[87] This episode was entitled "More Tribbles, More Troubles".[73][74] The episode introduces the natural predator of the tribbles and genetically engineered tribbles which no longer reproduce but instead grow much larger.[88] As with his other Animated Series episode "Bem", he later explained that almost nothing was cut from the original pitches for the third season of The Original Series as animation played out quicker and so everything still fit into the episode despite the reduced running time.[89] Both of Gerrold's Animated Series episodes were novelised by Alan Dean Foster, and Gerrold later said that he thought that he did "a fine job".[89]

Trials and Tribble-ations [ edit ]

DS9 episode Actors such as Avery Brooks were digitally inserted into scenes from "The Trouble with Tribbles" for theepisode

To celebrate the 30th anniversary of Star Trek in 1996, producers of both Star Trek: Voyager and Star Trek: Deep Space Nine decided to incorporate elements of The Original Series into episodes. The Voyager episode "Flashback" showed events on board the Excelsior under Captain Hikaru Sulu during the period in which Kirk and McCoy were imprisoned in Rura Penthe in Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country.[90] However, the Deep Space Nine homage used the original footage from nineteen scenes in "The Trouble with Tribbles" and other episodes in order to digitally insert the actors into the events of the episode, entitled "Trials and Tribble-ations".[74][91] The episode was nominated for three Emmy Awards and as with the original episode, the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation.[92][93]

As the 30th anniversary approached, Gerrold had heard rumors of a tribble-sequel in the works but had only heard denials from executive producer Rick Berman.[94] Following an interview request from The New York Times,[94] he telephoned Berman once more to ask what was happening as he did not want to say he did not know about the sequel episode and embarrass anyone if it actually was going to happen.[95] Gerrold suggested that an acknowledgement of the creator of the tribbles might be in order and asked if he could be an extra.[94] He was cast as a security redshirt.[96] While Gerrold was on set, he also advised director Jonathan West on the integration of new scenes into "The Trouble with Tribbles".[95] Gerrold later said that "Trials and Tribble-ations" "turned out beautiful. I think it was the best episode of Deep Space Nine ever and possibly the best episode of Star Trek after the Original Series."[95] Charlie Brill returned as Arne Darvin to film new scenes set in the DS9 timeframe.[97]

Erroneous claims [ edit ]

On the 2016 home video release The Roddenberry Vault, in a commentary track for the episode Gerrold states of the episode: "This was the first time the word 'pregnant' was used on TV." This is false. While the very first use of the word on American television is not known, the word was spoken at least five years earlier in "Never Name a Duck," the first episode of the second season of the Dick Van Dyke Show in September 1962.[98][1]

Further appearances and parodies [ edit ]

Tribbles have been further seen in other Star Trek episodes and films, including Star Trek III: The Search for Spock and the JJ Abrams-helmed films Star Trek (2009) and Star Trek Into Darkness (2013).[74][99] While on a visit to the set of Star Trek, Gerrold was told by Abrams that the tribble had been deliberately "snuck in" to the scene.[94] It appears in the scene where Kirk (Chris Pine) and Spock Prime (Leonard Nimoy) meet Scott (Simon Pegg) on the Vulcan moon.[100] "The Trouble with Tribbles" was also re-imagined in that timeline's comic book series by IDW Publishing and entitled "The Truth About Tribbles".[65][101]

In 2003, tribbles appeared in the Star Trek: Enterprise episode "The Breach". In that episode, Doctor Phlox (John Billingsley) uses them as food for his medicinal pets in sickbay.[102]

Gerrold has been in discussions with the fan-created series Star Trek: New Voyages to bring back the tribbles for a further Original Series era episode.[94] Both his Original Series pitch "The Protracted Man" and his Star Trek: The Next Generation script Blood and Fire have been turned into episodes of New Voyages.[41][94]

Tribbles have been parodied in a variety of other television shows and types of media. Futurama featured a parody in the second season entitled "The Problem with Popplers", which included several Star Trek jokes. These include a reference to "Roddenberries" and features Zapp Brannigan, whom the Futurama staff have said is intended to be a parody of Captain Kirk.[103]

In the 2003 video game Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic, the player's ship becomes infested with a frog-like species called Gizka, prompting the player to receive the quest "The Trouble with Gizka" in order to remove the pests.

Merchandising and adaptations [ edit ]

Gerrold published a book describing his experiences in the creation of "The Trouble with Tribbles". Entitled The Trouble with Tribbles: The Birth, Sale and Final Production of One Episode, it was published in 1973. The book was well received by the former cast and crew of Star Trek and was used as a textbook for teaching screen-writing.[30]

A variety of tribble replicas have been made over the years,[104][44] with the most recent licensed product coming from QMx, released in 2013.[105] A plate to commemorate the episode was the first to be launched as part of an eight plate Star Trek: The Commemorative Collection in 1986. It featured an image of Kirk with the tribbles in the grain compartment created by artist Susie Morton.[106] The first Original Series expansion for the Star Trek Customizable Card Game was launched in 2000. It was entitled "The Trouble with Tribbles" and was based on this episode and the associated episode of Deep Space Nine. It also introduced the Tribbles game which used only tribble-related cards.[107]

In 2010, two movie posters for "The Trouble with Tribbles" featuring Uhura and Spock being slowly covered in tribbles were created by Justin Ishmael for the art boutique attached to the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema in Austin, Texas. It was a follow-up to earlier posters created for the episode "Space Seed".[108] Juan Ortiz later created a 1960s-retro style poster for each of the eighty episodes of Star Trek. The "Trouble with Tribbles" poster made it appear that the warp nacelles of the Enterprise were sprouting tribbles which then bred rapidly as the ship flew on, creating a cloud of them behind the ship.[109]                                                                                                                                                                      0136166-f1defd003577a78fee26643598b8e59b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007562 00000000000 015155  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - South Africa has set the stage for the mass deportation of more than one million Zimbabwean immigrants later this month in a move that could alter its status as the world’s largest country of refuge.

Zimbabweans recieve forms as they queue to apply for residence and study permits outside the Home Affairs office in Cape Town, December 31, 2010. REUTERS/Mike Hutchings

South Africa has been a beacon for asylum seekers due to its liberal immigration laws, proximity to African trouble spots and massive economy compared to the rest of the continent that has attracted millions seeking wealth they cannot find at home.

About one in five of the 845,800 asylum seekers globally in 2010 sought refuge in South Africa, according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees.

That is nearly double the combined figure for the United States and France, the world’s number two and three countries in terms of asylum applications.

The bulk of asylum seekers are from neighbouring Zimbabwe, which has become an economic basket case under its entrenched leader Robert Mugabe, whose ZANU-PF party has been charged by global powers with using violence and vote fraud to stay in power.

The government said the crackdown on the Zimbabweans is a signal it wants to get tough on those who use asylum applications to seek work and money.

“Following this project, our intention is to document nationals of other neighbouring countries,” said Home Affairs spokesman Ronnie Mamoepa.

South Africa allowed hundreds of thousands from Zimbabwe to enter without documents about two years ago when its neighbour was swept up in political violence and its already unsteady economy collapsed under the weight of hyperinflation.

It set an end of 2010 deadline for the Zimbabweans to apply for proper visas — with 275,000 filling out paperwork — and said when July ends, it will start deporting what analysts estimate could be one to two million other Zimbabweans without proper documents.

BOTTLENECKS

With few staff and a flood of applicants, it can take Home Affairs months or even years to process applications, allowing immigrants to stay long enough to earn mostly modest sums of money to help their families back home.

“As long as regional economic inequalities remain so stark, South Africa will continue to be a primary (if temporary) destination,” said Loren Landau, director of the African Centre for Migration and Society at the University the Witwatersrand.

The only problem is that those legitimately seeking political asylum face an uncertain future, waiting longer in South Africa for a decision than in many other countries.

A concern for South Africa is that not only are the number of asylum seekers from neighbouring countries growing, but so are the numbers from further afield African states including Somalia, Ethiopia and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

With unemployment at 25 percent, the government has faced criticism from its poor for allowing immigrants into South Africa, where they compete for scarce jobs and space in shantytowns that have mushroomed in major cities.

Tensions flared about two years ago when attacks on migrants left at least 62 dead and more than 100,000 homeless, rattling the nerves of the government and investors.

The refugees strain public services but many also take on jobs for which there are not enough skilled South Africans, or perform work that South Africans do not want to do.

“I would say that the net result is that the benefit equates to or surpasses the burden,” said James Chapman, a refugee attorney at the University of Cape Town Law Clinic.

The government, concerned about the influx, is planning to tighten its borders and expel those who stay illegally.

“The issue here is not about too many asylum seekers, per se. Rather, it’s about a migration management regime that is ill-suited to South Africa’s regional position,” Landau said.                                                                                                                                              0136092-4415e1ce1ba5eccc265979ed2da5e04f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000040602 00000000000 015326  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.

AMY GOODMAN: Our guest is Ryan Shapiro, who is called the ”FOIA superhero,” best known for requesting FBI documents related to animal rights activism, which the agency has dubbed the nation’s “number one domestic terrorism threat.” The documents have been used in a lawsuit filed by the Center for Constitutional Rights that challenged the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act, a 2006 law targeting activists whose protest actions lead to a “loss of profits” for industry. One FBI file Shapiro obtained in 2003 details how animal rights activists used undercover investigations to document repeated animal welfare violations. The agent who authored the report said the activists, quote, “illegally entered buildings” in order to document conditions in a slaughterhouse, and concludes there is, quote, “a reasonable indication” they “violated the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act,” unquote.

Ryan Shapiro, can you explain how these activists, who go in undercover to document what’s happening in slaughterhouses or on factory farms, are equated with terrorists?

RYAN SHAPIRO: I can try. So, in 2004, the FBI designated the animal rights and environmental movements the leading domestic terror threats in the country, despite the fact that neither of these movements have ever physically injured a single person ever in this country, and then, not long thereafter, as you said, the passage of the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act, this pernicious piece of post-9/11 legislation, explicitly targeting animal rights and environment activists as terrorists. People have been prosecuted under the AETA, the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act, as terrorists under federal law, facing federal felonies for writing anti-animal-experimentation slogans on the sidewalk in chalk. And in this particular document, yeah, this is the FBI looking at animal rights activists who have gone undercover on a factory farm, and the FBI’s response to the horrific conditions on this farm, and the actions uncovering them, is to consider bringing felony terrorism charges against these activists. These are activists who are exposing animals confined in cages so small they can’t stand up, turn around or spread their wings, just horrific conditions which are the absolute norm on factory farms. And the FBI is considering bringing terrorism charges against these activists.

And I wanted to know why. And so, I have about 600 FOIA requests currently in motion with the FBI pertaining to the FBI’s campaigns against the animal rights movement. And the FBI—and I’ve sued the FBI, because they’ve stopped complying with my requests. And the FBI is now arguing in court that those FOIA requests themselves are threats to national security. Keep in mind, they’re not arguing that releasing the documents would be a threat to national security. They’re arguing that having to decide now whether or not they will release the documents—they want a seven-year delay so they can think about whether or not to release the documents; otherwise, it will constitute a threat to national security. Further, they argued the threat to national security is so severe that they can’t even tell us why. The FBI’s primary support for this radical and crazy argument, they’ve submitted to the court in the form of an ex parte in camera declaration—so, again, a secret letter from the Counterterrorism Division of the FBI to the judge about what a threat to national security complying with my FOIA requests—or even deciding whether or not to comply with my FOIA requests—

AMY GOODMAN: And you can’t see that letter?

RYAN SHAPIRO: Can’t see it. My FOIA attorney, Jeffrey Light, did a tremendous job fighting that, and we were able to get a very heavily redacted copy of it. But—

AMY GOODMAN: And what did you conclude from that heavily redacted copy?

RYAN SHAPIRO: It’s very hard to tell, but there was one footnote to a redacted section. So we don’t know what the section is, but the footnote is all about the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act. So the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act has something to do with why the FBI refuses to release these documents. And I would encourage everyone to check out journalist Will Potter’s website and book, Green is the New Red, because Will Potter does a tremendous job exploring these issues, as well.

AMY GOODMAN: I want to read from a 2005 FBI memo obtained—well, that you obtained, Ryan, when an agent in Knoxville, Tennessee, writes, quote, “Organizers of the Animal Rights Movement can be discredited and removed from the scene by planting rumors that they are plants and/or informants,” unquote. He goes on to note there is, quote, “no risk of violence to these persons about whom these false rumors may be started as most of the animal rights people are also strict advocates of nonviolence against human persons,” unquote. Ryan Shapiro?

RYAN SHAPIRO: Yeah, absolutely. And Will Potter, who I just mentioned, wrote a wonderful piece on Green is the New Red about that document when I obtained it. I mean, here we see explicitly COINTELPRO-esque-like strategies from the FBI, spreading false rumors about good activists being agents, knowing that the FBI can get away with it now, because animal rights activists, primarily being nonviolent, won’t do anything about it, other than, at most, shun the person. I mean, we are seeing just the most cynical strategies coming from the FBI, and it absolutely very much has the feel of continued COINTELPRO activities.

AMY GOODMAN: Can you talk about your own animal rights activism that led you to become such a prolific FOIA requester? 2004, New York police file felony burglary charges against you and Sarahjane Blum for entering Hudson Valley Foie Gras, which is upstate New York, recording inhospitable conditions endured by the ducks living there. Ultimately, you both rescued and removed ducks from this Hudson Valley facility. What came of that?

RYAN SHAPIRO: Sure. So, along with a handful of other very dedicated activists, including Sarahjane Blum, I conducted a year-long undercover investigation of foie gras factory farms. Some of us were in New York, and some of us were in California. And Hudson Valley Foie Gras was one of those locations. The conditions were just horrific. The same is to be found on factory farms anywhere: animals confined in cages so small they can’t stand up, turn around, spread their limbs. Plus, these animals are being force-fed. Just horrible—

AMY GOODMAN: Where is this place?

RYAN SHAPIRO: Hudson Valley Foie Gras is in Liberty, New York. And we openly rescued a number of animals from—

AMY GOODMAN: What does that mean, “openly rescued”?

RYAN SHAPIRO: We—as an act of civil disobedience, rather than as a clandestine activity, we openly rescued, so we filmed—we made a movie about it. We made a documentary, which you can find at GourmetCruelty.com. We made a documentary called Delicacy of Despair, which not only showed the conditions, the horrific conditions on these factory farms, but also showed us openly rescuing animals from these farms, rehabilitating them and giving them new lives. Hudson Valley Foie Gras brought felony burglary charges against us for stealing their animals. And, yeah—

AMY GOODMAN: And what happened?

RYAN SHAPIRO: We ended up getting out of it, to our great surprise, with misdemeanor trespass charges. But the important thing here is that if we had done this even a year later, we wouldn’t have been fighting conventional state charges, even felony burglary charges, which have a hefty sentence; we would have been fighting federal terror charges. We wouldn’t have been getting out with misdemeanor trespass and 40 hours of community service for a group of our choice. We would have been sitting, like many animal rights activists did, colleagues of mine, sitting in federal prison cells for doing far less, convicted under the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act and its predecessor act, the Animal Enterprise Protection Act.

AMY GOODMAN: Talk about your dissertation and why it’s been called a threat to national security. You go back to the 19th century. You talk about animal rights activism and government spying then.

RYAN SHAPIRO: That’s right. So the only part of the dissertation the FBI is designating a threat to national security is the FOIA component. They’re leaving the rest of it alone. But as I said, the FBI is arguing that to even decide whether or not to comply with my FOIA request constitutes a threat to national security so dire they can’t even tell us why. My dissertation is looking at the use of the rhetoric and apparatus of national security to marginalize animal protectionists from the late 19th century to the present.

AMY GOODMAN: Give us a brief history.

RYAN SHAPIRO: During World War I, when opponents of animal experimentation in the United States protested wartime animal experimentation, the self-described research defense community, so the pro-animal-experimentation lobby, alleged that American animal protectionists were agents of the kaiser, and there was an effort made to bring the new Espionage Act to bear against these animal protectionists for opposing wartime animal experimentation. And for another example, skipping ahead, during the early Cold War, the research defense community alleged that opposition to animal experimentation was a criminal and directed plot meant to undermine American security in order to pave the way for Soviet atomic aggression and overthrow of the United States government. And these arguments held a great deal of force. They were very convincing at the time.

AMY GOODMAN: Talk about the significance of what Upton Sinclair did in his famous book, The Jungle, 1906, I think it was. What exactly did he do in Chicago?

RYAN SHAPIRO: He brought attention to an issue that people flatly had not been paying attention to. In some way, it’s analogous to undercover investigators today. It is—or to FOIA work. It is bringing suppressed information to public light. And as with much suppressed information—again, there’s more suppressed information than there is unsuppressed information in the world—it can have a devastating impact on public opinion.

AMY GOODMAN: And he went underground into these slaughterhouses in Chicago, and he exposed what was going on there. He’s hailed as one of the great investigators and writers, Upton Sinclair.

RYAN SHAPIRO: Absolutely. I mean, the public is starved for information. We are flooded with information, but so much of it is useless or misleading or false or distracting. When real information about the horrific conditions that so many of us in this world—human, nonhuman—endure on a daily basis come to light, yeah, it can definitely set the public moving.

AMY GOODMAN: So, on this issue of terrorism and animal rights activism, what are the—what exactly is the government doing now, and what exactly are the movements doing? I mean, there’s a great trend in the United States for—for organic food, a whole push, especially, even in the medical community, for vegetarianism. Talk about how times have changed. And has that changed the attitude of the government when it comes to calling animal rights activists terrorists?

RYAN SHAPIRO: Well, a very important piece of this puzzle is the role of industry. Industry is definitely critical in persuading the FBI to target animal rights activists and environmentalists as terrorists. And industry is definitely a critical factor in pushing back against, absolutely, the trend towards vegetarianism, towards veganism. Even “Meatless Mondays,” the meat and dairy and egg industry has been just vociferous in its condemnation of Meatless Mondays just asking people to reduce their meat consumption or to eliminate their meat consumption one day a week, much less to go vegan. And so, we’re seeing a lot of conflicting pieces in play at the moment. We have reports out from official medical bodies that a vegan diet is as healthy or even far healthier, in many cases, than a standard American diet, and yet, at the same time, we have American politicians pushing back heavily against that, pushing—it isn’t surprising. The agricultural industry is a tremendously powerful lobby.

AMY GOODMAN: What role do corporations play in writing this kind of legislation, like the Animal Enterprise Act?

RYAN SHAPIRO: Huge. I mean, for example, the American—ALEC has just—

AMY GOODMAN: The American Legislative Exchange Council.

RYAN SHAPIRO: The American Legislative Exchange Council has played a profound role in pushing forward ag-gag bills. And these bills criminalize undercover investigations of factory farms or laboratories or fur farms. And it’s interesting, because there’s a relationship also between these ag-gag laws and the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act, because if you commit a crime, any crime, including violating an ag-gag bill, on a state level, then you can be prosecuted federally as a terrorist under the Animal Enterprise Terrorism law.

AMY GOODMAN: And what effect has that had on the movement, this whole issue, the specter of being charged as terrorists?

RYAN SHAPIRO: It’s definitely had a chilling effect on the movement. There’s no doubt. The animal rights movement is a very different place than it was 10 years ago. And different people have and different groups have responded in a variety of ways, but there is no doubt that there is a chilling effect. And that’s why, along with Sarahjane Blum and J Johnson, Lauren Gazzola and Lana Lehr, I’m one of the plaintiffs in the lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act that the Center for Constitutional Rights—

AMY GOODMAN: And explain that.

RYAN SHAPIRO: We argue that the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act violates our First Amendment rights. We are chilled from engaging in the sort of advocacy that we once did, and that the AETA is overbroad on its face and it is—it suppresses our First Amendment rights. And so, the Center for Constitutional Rights is pushing that case.

AMY GOODMAN: So, talk about, when an animal rights activist goes to jail, the difference, when they’re charged with this overlay of terrorism, in terms of time that they have to serve.

RYAN SHAPIRO: Well, yeah, as I mentioned, I openly rescued, or stole, animals from a factory farm, made a movie about it. I mean, this is—it’s a real crime. I did it as an act of civil disobedience, but it’s a real crime. And I did 40 hours of community service, and that was it. People have gone to prison for years for running a website opposing animal experimentation.

AMY GOODMAN: I want to end—we have about a minute to go—with your slogan, “See something, leak something.”

RYAN SHAPIRO: Right. So, secrecy is a cancer on the body of democracy. The records of government are the property of the people, but they’re consistently withheld from us on the basis of undefined national security. But as wrote Judge Murray Gurfein in his ruling against the Nixon administration’s infamous attempt to prevent The New York Times from publishing the leaked Pentagon Papers, “The security of the Nation is not at the ramparts alone. Security also lies in the value of our free institutions.” And so, building upon this ruling, we as a nation need to foster a broader conception of national security. And in the interest of promoting such a conception, a conception borne of the free exchange of ideas among an informed citizenry, I call upon all of those with access to unreleased records about illegal, immoral or unconstitutional government actions to return those records to their rightful owners: the American people. Or, “See something, leak something.” The viability of our democracy may depend upon it.

AMY GOODMAN: And how do you suggest people leak it?

RYAN SHAPIRO: It’s going to be different in all individual cases, but the information is not hard to find online.

AMY GOODMAN: Well, I want to thank you very much, Ryan Shapiro, for being with us, called a ”FOIA superhero” for his skill at obtaining government records using the Freedom of Information Act, suing several federal agencies, including the NSA, for their failure to comply with FOIA requests regarding former South African President Nelson Mandela. Ryan Shapiro is also a Ph.D. candidate at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Thanks so much for being here.

That does it for our broadcast. I’ll be speaking in St. Louis celebrating the First Amendment with the Gateway Journalism Review Saturday night, March 29. Check out details at democracynow.org.                                                                                                                              0136156-8dbfc0b2f81d34ffdaf69d4bf0223ad6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006565 00000000000 015501  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        GOTHENBURG, Sweden (Reuters) - European Union leaders proclaimed a set of 20 “social rights” on Friday in an attempt to make the EU more appealing to voters and counter rising eurosceptic sentiment across the bloc.

The set of social rights, supported by all EU governments and institutions, spells out what the EU believes are the foundations of fair and well-functioning modern labour markets and welfare systems.

It encompasses principles ranging from equal access to jobs and fair working conditions and wages to social protection and unemployment benefits and training.

“Our Union has always been a social project at heart. It is more than just a single market, more than money, more than the euro. It is about our values and the way we want to live,” European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said.

“Today we assert our common values and commit ourselves to a set of 20 principles and rights. From the right to fair wages to the right to health care; from lifelong learning, a better work-life balance and gender equality to minimum income,” he said.

Recent elections in Germany, France, Austria and the Czech Republic, in which populist parties have performed well, have shown citizens have lost confidence in governments or in the European Union.

“There is certainly a need to respond,” a senior EU official said.

Britain’s decision last year to leave the EU served as a wake-up call for the bloc and made it reflect on the way forward, including putting more emphasis on social policies.

“I think people believe there’s been maybe an excessive focus in recent years on economic matters, banking, and we want to re-fire the engine of social Europe, advancing things like equality, workers rights, pension rights and other things,” Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar said.

Juncker and Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven will now produce a report that will allow leaders meeting again next month to see how the principles should be followed.

Some eastern European countries are wary that the push for social rights could be used by some nations to undermine current rules that allow their citizens to work elsewhere in the EU at salaries lower than the local labour force.

The proclaimed set of rights - known as the European Pillar of Social Rights - says everybody has the right to quality education throughout their lives and that men and women must have equal opportunities in all areas and be paid the same.

The unemployed have the right to “personalised, continuous and consistent support”, while workers have the right to “fair” wages that provide a “decent standard of living”.

Minimum wages should be ensured to satisfy the needs of workers and their families, the leaders agreed.

An European Union (EU) flag is pictured during a ceremony in Lausanne, Switzerland May 4, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse

While the rights would not be directly enforceable by the EU, except where they already exist in national laws and therefore subject to national courts, they establish a common EU standard and language for discussion of social issues.

Trade unions and business associations backed the set of European social rights, saying a particular effort was needed to boost the employment chances of young people.

“We want Europe to continue to have the most highly developed social systems in the world,” the business and trade union organisations said in a joint statement.                                                                                                                                           0136006-517f36237a663c6b6059c91544def0d0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000025421 00000000000 014672  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Exclusive: President Obama’s Mideast policy is such a confusing mess that he is now supporting Turkey’s invasion of northern Syria although it’s primary target is not ISIS but another U.S. ally, the Kurds, explains Daniel Lazare.

By Daniel Lazare

In the 1930s, British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain appeased his enemies. Today, U.S. President Barack Obama appeases his friends.

Barack the Appeaser is the key to unlocking the mysteries of U.S. policy in the Middle East and beyond. Confusing to begin with, U.S. actions reached new heights of absurdity last week when the Obama administration abandoned its long-standing Kurdish allies with virtually no notice and announced that it was backing a Turkish thrust into northern Syria instead.

Although the Turks claimed to be targeting ISIS (also known as Islamic State, IS, ISIL, and Daesh), it was plain from the outset that the real aim was to counter an offensive that had carried Kurdish forces some 20 miles west of the Euphrates River and put them in a position to control nearly the entire Syrian-Turkish border.

But there was a problem. Not only had the U.S. approved the same Kurdish offensive, but it had provided arms, money, and air support plus military advice in the form of some 250 US Special Operations forces embedded among members of the Kurdish militia known as the YPG.

Indeed, the Syrian Democratic Forces, a multi-ethnic militia anchored by the YPG, was a real success story, just about the only one Washington has had in the course of its disastrous five-year Syrian intervention. As one analyst put it:

“Since the creation of the SDF last November, the U.S.-backed coalition was able to roll back IS advances in northern Syria at an unprecedented pace. An effective mixture of multi-pronged offensives and U.S. air support led to the capture of key IS strongholds, including the city of Shaddadi in eastern Syria, the strategic Tishrin Dam along the Euphrates, and more recently IS’s former bastion of Manbij, south of the Turkish border.”

But now the U.S. had decided to drop the Syrian Democratic Forces despite their sterling anti-ISIS record and back Turkey even though it didn’t seem very concerned about ISIS at all. Vice President Joe Biden laid down the law during a visit to Ankara on Wednesday.

“We have made it absolutely clear,” he said, that Kurdish forces “must move back across the river. They cannot, will not, and under no circumstances get American support if they do not keep that commitment, period.”

Why the About-Face

What is the reason for such a remarkable about-face? What makes the U.S. think it can get away with cultivating an alliance one moment and dropping it like a hot potato the next? The answer has to do with the phenomenon of liberal appeasement that Obama represents.

Appeasement became a dirty word as a result of the 1938 Munich Crisis when Britain and France decided that allowing Hitler to dismember Czechoslovakia would somehow allay his appetite for more conquests. But in Obama’s hands, it has come to mean something different: an endless attempt to satisfy conflicting demands by a growing number of client states.

The states include not just Turkey but Israel, the Persian Gulf oil sheikdoms, plus the dozen East European states that have entered NATO since 1999. If America were an old-fashioned empire, it would issue orders and expect such dependents to fall into line. But as a “democratic” empire, it relies on cajoling, bargaining, and other inducements to achieve “voluntary” consent.

But this has grown increasingly difficult as the web of alliances has expanded. Not only have members grown more fractious and divided, but the original raison d’être – countering the Soviet Union – has faded from view. The upshot is a ramshackle arrangement whose existence is its sole justification and which the U.S. labors to keep afloat simply because that’s what global hegemons do.

Enter Barack Obama. A man of liberal but otherwise vague beliefs, his goal was to maintain the status quo while somehow rendering it more democratic. This has meant trying to satisfy everyone and his cousin, Balts and Poles given to flights of paranoia about Russian “expansionism,” rightwing Zionists convinced that the Palestinians are a combination of both Haman and Hitler, plus Middle Eastern oil sheiks busily financing jihad when not idling away at the fleshpots and casinos of Beirut.

Obama’s strategy has been to throw first one group a bone and then another in the hope of somehow keeping them from tearing each other apart. In other words, kick the can down the road until it becomes someone else’s problem.

With just six months left in office, he is close to achieving his goal. But Turkey has thrown him for a loop. Originally one of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s biggest boosters, Obama has grown increasingly dismayed as U.S.-Turkish relations have deteriorated.

After all, Erdogan’s brand of Islamic democracy is seemingly everything the U.S. could want, safe, pious, conservative, and pro-capitalist – the Muslim Brotherhood with a human face, so to speak.

So who would have thought that Erdogan would steer Turkey in an increasingly authoritarian direction and would turn a blind eye to the activities of both ISIS and Al Qaeda? The administration made half-hearted efforts to persuade him to cut off aid to such groups, but quickly backed off when he refused.

A Failed Coup

The crowning blow was the July 15 abortive coup d’état, which Erdogan accused the U.S. of supporting. The charge is almost certainly a bum rap. Mild centrist that he is, the last thing Obama wants is more turmoil in the Middle East, which is what a military takeover would have achieved. He was dismayed that Turkey could believe such a thing about the U.S. and, fearful that Turkey would switch allegiance to Russia and Iran, was desperate to heal the breach.

The Kurds supplied the means for Obama to give something to Erdogan, who had provided ISIS with a safe haven and patronized Al Qaeda’s Syrian affiliate Al Nusra. In a recent interview, Erdogan even denied that Al Nusra was terrorist at all.

Instead, Erdogan has long regarded the Kurdistan Workers’ Party (PKK) and the YPG, its military branch in Syria, as the prime enemy since he sees their goal as establishing a stronghold in northern Syria as a prelude to carving out an autonomous region in southeastern Turkey as well.

Hence, he responded to American efforts to help the PKK-YPG expand its Syrian enclave in roughly the same way that Israel would respond if the U.S. had started shipping arms to Hezbollah in southern Lebanon — with mounting fury.

Given all this, what better way was there for the United States to prove its bona fides to Erdogan than by dropping the Kurds and devoting itself exclusively to Turkish needs? With the Turks in charge of the second biggest army in NATO, the valiant but lightly armed fighters of the YPG didn’t stand a chance.

This is why Biden read the riot act to the YPG in Ankara. But however menacing the tone, his statement was an expression of weakness rather than of strength, an example of a superpower struggling to hold together a fractious empire that is increasingly coming apart at the seams. Thus, it was the Turks who barked out orders and Americans who hastened to obey.

But the new orientation is not likely to work out as smoothly as Obama hopes. Fighting was intensifying as of Sunday as Turkish forces took Jarablus, located some 20 miles south of the Turkish border, then headed toward Manbij, a city that cost the YPG-led Syrian Democratic Forces more than 260 lives in the months-long battle to wrest it from ISIS control. An outside monitoring group said Turkish artillery and air strikes killed 35 civilians while the Turkish military said that 25 Kurdish militants were killed as well.

The YPG is not likely to take this lying down. If so, then another battle for Manbij could well be underway, one pitting a U.S.-backed force against another that was U.S.-backed until just a few days earlier.

As for ISIS and Al Qaeda, the rag-tag “Free Syrian Army” force that Turkey assembled for the invasion includes Salafists and members of Ahrar al-Sham, an ally of Al Qaeda’s Al Nusra Front (which recently changed its name to Jabhat Fatah al-Sham, or Front for the Conquest of Syria).

So the U.S. is now backing pro-Al Qaeda fighters against a group that has shown its mettle in battling such forces. As for ISIS, the Turkish incursion merely provided the group with an opportunity to regroup some 40 miles to the west where it took the border town of Al-Rai from the pro-U.S. FSA. While it lost one border stronghold, it gained another.

Wagging the Dog

Thus, the U.S. may have realized a short-term gain in its rapprochement with Turkey but at a long-term cost. It has jettisoned the one effective anti-ISIS force in its arsenal, it has all but destroyed its credibility, and it is undoubtedly prolonging the bloodshed in Syria as well. The entire maneuver is an expression of U.S. weakness rather than strength.

What holds true for Turkey, moreover, holds true for other allies. The U.S.-Saudi alliance is yet another example of the tail wagging the dog. Over the decades, Washington has spared no effort to appease the increasingly duplicitous and unstable regime in Riyadh.

The 2003 invasion of Iraq was not only an attempt to get rid of a long-term U.S. enemy but, at bottom, an effort to divert attention from the Saudi role in the attack on the World Trade Center. Obama continued the cover-up by keeping under wraps the famous ’28 pages’ – actually a 29-page chapter – on Saudi complicity in the congressional 9/11 report until just a few weeks ago.

If Obama has continued to push for Assad’s ouster, moreover, it has been mainly at Saudi behest since the Wahhabists who rule in Riyadh cannot countenance the idea of a Shi‘ite remaining in power in neighboring Syria. (President Bashar al-Assad is an Alawite, a Shi’ite-related sect.)

And if Obama has backed the Saudis in their brutal air war against Yemen’s Houthi rebels, it is for the same reason, i.e. because the Saudis can’t tolerate the idea of a Shi’ite government to their south as well.

Obama could tell them, politely but firmly, that naked religious bigotry has no place in modern politics. But that would mean deviating from his policy of abject servility. So the more obstreperous the Saudis grow, the more he tries to appease their every whim.

The same can be said for Israel or for Poland and the Balts, all of whom believe that a never-ending flow of U.S. military aid allows them to behave as provocatively as they wish. The more over-extended the U.S. empire grows, the less it is able to rein its client states in. It is not a recipe for a happy outcome.

Daniel Lazare is the author of several books including The Frozen Republic: How the Constitution Is Paralyzing Democracy (Harcourt Brace).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0136130-1eec7ad85177b0c8e766800c586066d3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005256 00000000000 014764  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Erich von Däniken’s 1968 book Chariots of the Gods? posited that elements of the religions and technologies developed by some of Earth’s oldest civilizations were actually the products of extraterrestrial visitations by space travelers whom those ancient Earthlings welcomed as gods. Among the types of evidence von Däniken offered in support of his thesis was his interpretations of ancient artworks as depicting extraterrestrial beings and forms of technological activity that were not realized until the 20th century (such as astronauts and vehicles traveling through air and space).

Chariots of the Gods? has long since been dismissed by most scientists and archaeologists as containing far more pseudoscience than actual science, but fascination with some of the ideas it expressed remains — as evidenced by the example reproduced above, which claims that a cathedral wall in Spain dating from the 12th century bears the mysterious, unexplainable likeness of an astronaut carved by a stonemason over 900 years ago:

Here is a Mystery! See if you can suggest an answer In the Spanish City of SALAMANCA the Cathedral there was built in 1102 I have asked my work colleagues if this item is TRUE … and they assure me that it is INDEED (and nobody has an answer) There is a small detail carved into the masonery which amazes everyone that sees it… Can You Suggest how a 20th Century Astronaut came to be carved by a 12th Century Stonemason?

First off, the example errs a bit in identifying the astronaut carving as adorning the wall of a cathedral built in 1102. The city of Salamanca in Spain is home to two adjacent cathedrals: The “Old Cathedral” (Catedral Vieja), begun in the 12th century, and the “New Cathedral” (Catedral Nueva), begun in the 16th century. The figure in question is part of latter, not the former. Still, finding this carving of an astronaut on the wall of a cathedral constructed between 1513 and 1733 would be quite remarkable, as the figure anticipates with amazing accuracy a form of technology not realized until centuries later.

Unfortunately for Chariot buffs, however, the origins of the carving are neither ancient nor mysterious. The astronaut figure dates not from the 12th century or the 16th century or even the 18th century, but from 1992, and we know both who put it there and why: The New Cathedral was undergoing restoration work during that period, and one of the artisans engaged in the project chose to engage in a bit of tradition by “signing” his work with a contemporary symbol representative of the 20th century: an astronaut.

A Portuguese article about the restoration of Salamanca’s New Cathedral explains (as best we can translate it into English) that:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136164-be4e0efd87cd81d60d0d98a8b5da9dc8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001570 00000000000 015510  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Monday, June 15th, 2015

FRESNO, Calif. (KFSN) -- Porterville Police said they responded to a call regarded a man assaulting a small dog in the area of Thurman Avenue and Third Street in Porterville early Sunday morning. They said when the arrived, they found 27-year-old Oscar Castaneda standing completely nude in the road with a small deceased dog nearby.Police said Castaneda was agitated and speaking incoherently. When officers tried to take him into custody, they said he began kicking an biting the officers and made several attempts to get one of the officer's gun. Police used a taser to take him into custody.The suspect was arrested on several charges including animal cruelty, resisting arrest, indecent exposure, under the influence of a controlled substance and possession of a controlled substance.One of the officers was treated at a local hospital a later released. null                                                                                                                                        0136143-45dcae4884e1f56dffef9e50a42504c4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003366 00000000000 015266  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Gov. Chris Christie's New Jersey Economic Development Authority Tuesday abruptly postponed a proposed $100 million subsidy to Lockheed Martin for an unspecified project in Camden. The decision came only hours after an International Business Times report revealed prior to the proposed subsidy that Lockheed Martin and its affiliated PAC made large contributions to the Christie-led Republican Governors Association.

As IBTimes previously reported, Christie officials have already given defense contractor Lockheed Martin $40 million worth of tax credits. Announcing the delay of the $100 million subsidy Tuesday, NJEDA spokeswoman told the Cherry Hill Courier-Post: "As is sometimes the case with projects the EDA board is set to consider, additional materials are needed to move forward."

Under Gov. Christie, taxpayer-funded economic development subsidies have skyrocketed to record levels. In all, data show Christie has awarded more than $4 billion worth of such subsidies at the same time Christie has said the state cannot meet its pension obligations. That has prompted criticism from a New Jersey Republican legislator.

Many of the subsidies approved by the Christie administration have been awarded to firms whose employees have made large donations to Republican political organizations. Responding to news of those donations, New Jersey Democratic state Sen. Raymond Lesniak told the Guardian there should be "limits on campaign contributions from businesses and people employed by these businesses who get these tax incentives."

Despite the postponement of the Lockheed Martin subsidy, the liberal think tank New Jersey Policy Perspectives noted "several hundred million dollars of tax breaks" to other firms were likely to be approved Tuesday by Christie officials.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136146-390cc8e9b607d45c19186dd8a027438b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002522 00000000000 014763  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        It's now an annual row in fiercely secular France: Should Christmas nativity scenes be on show in public buildings like Town Halls, where the wearing of religious symbols is banned?

This year the row began even before the Christmas lights have gone up on the Champs Elysées thanks to complaints about the existence of nativity scenes at the Vendée's council building in western France, and another in Melun in the south eastern suburbs of Paris.

Both nativity scenes were contested by local Free Thinking Associations, who argued that public places are no place for the traditional Christmas scene of Baby Jesus in a manger surrounded by cattle and shepherds.

They argue that such a scene does not stand in line with France’s 1905 law on the Separation of Church and the State.

The Conseil d'Etat ruled on Wednesday that the scenes should be allowed in public places, on the condition that they are temporary, have no signs of religious preaching, and are of a cultural or festive nature.

The French, in general, quite enjoy having a nativity scene in a public place.

A 2014 survey from Le Parisien newspaper found that 86 percent of 12,000 respondents were in favour of having the scenes on show in public.

But secularists have made an annual tradition of fighting the custom, kicking off what the French media regularly refer to as a "nativity war".                                                                                                                                                                              0136153-17e8122952408531724b5fdd00b4ab59.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001700 00000000000 014573  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In the Tulip Patch

tulip of Keukenhoff Gardens





gorgeous tulips!

Keukenhoff Gardens- pink and white tulips



Read why the Netherlands are the most advanced country on earth- Part I/ III Going Dutch All The Way

A lot of people will tell you that Amsterdan is a beautiful city. They are wrong, it really isn't anything special, especially compared with Prague or Budapest, or even my hometown of Santa Barbara.Amsterdan is way too concrete for me, and I desperately wanted to see some green, (Netherlands are very green in general) and someone I met in Iceland had recommended that I go see Keukenhoff Gardens, and as it was early May (April showers) the tulips were in full bloom.I won't write too much, since mostly all I did was look at the splendid array of colors. So, just have a gander and enjoy the views, and if you find yourself in the Netherlands, I recommend you go!find the other links on the right after you read part I. Set in a courtroom.                                                                0136137-5dd9400dc501396f50630cf19258c77f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005572 00000000000 014706  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Share. A new mobile game, Fallout 4 VR, and more are in the works. A new mobile game, Fallout 4 VR, and more are in the works.

After previously teasing a few major projects in the works, Bethesda Game Studios director Todd Howard has clarified the Fallout and The Elder Scrolls studio's current development slate.

Speaking with IGN, Howard said that, adding up all projects in various states of development, Bethesda Game Studios, the in-house development studio at Bethesda Softworks, has "seven [projects] going," including a new mobile game, though he clarified that two of those projects have already been properly announced. Fallout 4 in VR was revealed at E3 2016, while The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim for the Nintendo Switch was confirmed earlier this year — which Howard said he hopes, with success, could see Bethesda continuing to work with Nintendo in the future.

Exit Theatre Mode

"So some of those things are obviously of different scales," Howard said. In addition to those two announced projects, the mobile project would follow in the successful footsteps of Fallout Shelter, which itself Howard pointed to as an indication of the studio's ability to juggle multiple titles.

"We're always doing a lot of things, and once we get good momentum on something, that's what we'll focus on," Howard said, noting Fallout Shelter's production in the midst of Fallout 4's development.

“ There are two...bigger than anything we've done, kind of different [projects]," Howard said.

On the topic of Fallout 4, Howard also revealed that the game is currently playable "start to finish in VR."

"There's no content that we removed or changed [for VR]," Howard explained, noting that the current work being done on it is related to how players actually interact with the experience.

"It's interface work, it's other things," he said. "There are issues with locomotion, how you traverse that much space, and we're hoping to support as many modes as possible... It's not done yet, there's work to do, but the parts that are there, I'm biased but it's pretty incredible."

IGN had a chance to try out Fallout 4 in VR at E3 2016.

Exit Theatre Mode

Howard also again referenced the two projects that are "bigger than anything we've done," which he previously discussed at last year's E3. Howard broadly described the two projects as "what I would call... kind of different, but still the kind of game people would associate with us."

He also previously said at E3 that the studio is working on The Elder Scrolls 6, but that it's so far off that at the time Howard said "people will probably hear about those [other two big projects] even before Elder Scrolls 6."

Howard is set to be inducted into the Academy of Interactive Arts and Sciences Hall of Fame at the 20th DICE Awards Ceremony on February 23. Stay tuned to IGN for more from DICE 2017.

Jonathon Dornbush is an Associate Editor for IGN. Find him on Twitter @jmdornbush.                                                                                                                                      0136093-334e728ff17137e5277ced3c830cde72.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002753 00000000000 015052  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Bushwalker dies after drinking too much water

Updated

A coroner has found a Victorian man died during a Tasmanian bushwalk after drinking too much water.

Jonathan Paul Dent, 30, was an experienced bushwalker in good health when he died in the Dial Ranges, in Tasmania's north-west.

He had been walking alone and was supposed to meet his wife after four hours, but became lost and disorientated.

Search parties found his body two days later.

Coroner Michael Brett found Mr Dent most likely died from an exercise-related medical condition caused by drinking too much water during prolonged exertion.

Severe symptoms of the condition include confusion, seizures and death.

The autopsy showed Mr Dent's brain was swollen, indicating he had drunk too much water.

Mr Dent was a Salvation Army officer based in Ulverstone at the time of his death.

The coroner has called for the more community education about the dangers of excessive fluid consumption during exercise.

The Director of Public Health, Roscoe Taylor, says the Health Department will work with relevant stakeholders and consider options for educating the public.

Rob Dawkins from the North West Walking Club says he was not aware too much water could be dangerous.

"For me it does come as a surprise, I didn't think that you could drink too much actually," he said.

"I still believe that most people would not take enough water. I really do find that surprising."

Topics: courts-and-trials, human-interest, north-motton-7315, vic

First posted                     0136016-f49bda83dc73ff86d0a8dd499492dc1a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015553 00000000000 015357  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Gameslog was a gaming site monetized with affiliate marketing. But the site never took off, as the market was already saturated.

Getting users for your startup or business can be hard. Facebook Ads is one of the quickest ways to drive traffic and users to your site or landing page. Learn how to create effective, profitable campaigns now with this free, 6 day email course .

Do you want to grow your business? With GenM you can get free marketing from an apprentice as part of their training . The student will work 40 hours per month creating content, increasing SEO rankings, carrying out advertisement campaigns...

Hello Michael! Who are you? What are you currently working on? I’m the founder & CEO of Array Internet which is a media company located in Frankfurt am Main (Germany). We mostly do web development, online marketing and SEO for international clients. Our most successful venture is MH Themes, which is a popular brand for magazine WordPress themes that are suitable for online magazines, news websites and advanced blogs. With MH Themes we cover more than 20,000 customers from over 110 countries around the world. ‍ What was Gameslog? Why did you start it? A few years ago I was getting more and more interested in affiliate marketing. While I was running various online magazines at that time, I didn’t have much experience with affiliate sites. However, one day I stumbled upon a gaming site which was promoting several online games. I liked the idea and did some research. I noticed that various affiliate programs were paying good commission just for leads where users would sign up to play an online game for free (the companies were monetizing the games by selling in-game items or other goodies). I thought if I would be able to scale my own gaming site to a reasonable amount of traffic, then this could pay off very well. At least that’s what I thought. ‍ Which strategies did you use to grow Gameslog? First of all, I hired various writers to create a lot of content. I coded functionality so that we could easily add online games into a database and list these games based on various criteria including screenshots and play buttons with affiliate links. I was hoping that if we create enough content and did some SEO, then we would be able to get organic traffic from Google. I also reached out to various game production companies in order to cooperate and get additional exposure. This worked better than expected, but since the site was very new without a reliable track record, many companies weren’t interested in doing business with us. As always, doing business is much easier if you’re already established and successful. In addition, I started building social channels, launched various giveaways and also tried to get some additional traffic through PPC advertising.

Reach +20,000 Startup Founders!

If you are looking to get your product in front of founders, CEOs, VPs, web and mobile developers, makers, consultants, marketers, bloggers, product managers, and many other thought leaders, then we can help you.

👉 Sponsorships

Learn how to use Facebook Ads to grow your business (free masterclass)

Getting users for your startup or business can be hard. Facebook Ads is one of the quickest ways to drive traffic and users to your site or landing page. Learn how to create effective, profitable campaigns now with this free, 6 day email course.

Check it out now 👉

Which was the problem with Gameslog? Which mistakes did you commit? The main issue was that the site didn’t take off, although I’d put quite some time and money in the project. Publishing all the content, preparing screenshots, etc... we did this all manually as we didn’t want to import data via APIs in order to have truly unique content. However, except a few successful affiliate transactions, a few dollars from Google AdSense and some sponsored posts from gaming companies the site didn’t generate any revenue. The traffic was stuck as well as a few hundred visitors per month. If I remember correctly, the record was around 900 unique visits per month. Unfortunately, with this low traffic, you’ll usually have a hard time to monetize an affiliate site, at least if you’re covering a niche where the affiliate commission is not very high. ‍ What were your biggest disadvantages? I think the biggest disadvantage was that the market was already saturated with this kind of gaming affiliate sites. There were some very large and popular competitors and it was incredibly difficult to rank well for good keywords. I definitely should have done more research before starting the site. My mistake was that I simply wanted to start this out of fun, without doing research if it would be a good and reliable business idea. Today I wouldn’t make this mistake again, except if I wanted to start such a site as a hobby. ‍ If you had to start over, what would you do differently? I definitely would do thorough research before starting an online business. It’s crucial to have a look at the competition and analyze keywords to determine if you have a chance to compete with reasonable resources. The benefit of an online business is that you have valuable data available before you even get started. I absolutely would work with that data and then make a decision.

40 Hours of Digital Marketing for $50/Month

Do you want to grow your business? With GenM you can get free marketing from an apprentice as part of their training. The student will work 40 hours per month creating content, increasing SEO rankings, carrying out advertisement campaigns...

Check it out 👉

Unlimited Design Services at $349/Month

Hire a graphic design and development team to create fully functional web & app UI/UX, branding, illustrations & everything else you can imagine on a monthly subscription that starts at $349/month.

Check it out 👉

Get the next interview in your inbox! We’re always digging for more failure stories like Gameslog. Sign up for our newsletter to keep updated on the latest additions.

HP



What have you learned and what's your advice for someone who is just starting? Even if starting an online business is quite easy, you shouldn’t make it an easy decision. If you make a wrong decision at the start, it can become a huge waste of time and money. This can be avoided by doing your homework before you get started. Another advice I have is to always stay focused. If you’re smarter than I was when I started the gaming affiliate site and if you’ve done your homework, it’s crucial to stay focused on your main business objectives. Stick to your plan and don’t get lost in details or unprofitable tasks. ‍ Where can we go to learn more? You can follow me on Twitter, check out our WordPress themes and on Array Internet we’ve recently started a blog where we’ll soon publish editorial content about online marketing, social media marketing and other topics that could be helpful for digital entrepreneurs.



HP



👇 Other Interviews                                                                                                                                                     0136074-73cffd167ab5afcb2a8b04eef5da3224.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003020 00000000000 015447  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Toyota is recalling 870,000 vehicles because a problem with an air conditioner part could cause airbags to deploy unnecessarily .

In some cases, the problem was caused by spiders.

Sometimes, their webs can create a blockage in a drainage tube coming from the air conditioning condenser. That can cause water to drip down onto an airbag control module, causing a short circuit. That, in turn, could cause the airbag warning light to light up on the dashboard and it could even cause the driver's side airbag to deploy, something that happens with explosive force.

In some cases, there could also be a loss of power-steering force, Toyota (TM) said.

The vehicles involved are model year 2012 and 2013 Camrys, Venzas and Avalons, including hybrid versions of those cars.

Gallery - Five really good big cars

So far, Toyota is aware of three airbag deployments as a result of this and 35 cases of warning lights coming on, Toyota spokeswoman Cindy Knight said. In the cases Toyota has investigated, the only consistent cause of the blockages has been spider webs. Knight could not say if spiderwebs caused every incident, however.

Spiders sometimes build webs inside tubes in cars. In 2011, Mazda recalled 52,000 Mazda6 sedans for a problems caused by spiders building webs inside a vent line for the gasoline tank.

To fix the problem, Toyota dealers will make fixes to block water from dripping onto the airbag module. Owners will be notified by mail to take their vehicle to a Toyota dealer where the necessary work will be performed at no charge.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136144-5da53822f96eca58f6c4576655b39e71.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013406 00000000000 015002  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Kevin Myers will not write for Sunday Times Ireland again after suggesting Vanessa Feltz and Claudia Winkleman earned more because they were Jewish

The Sunday Times has been accused of antisemitism after it published an article in its Irish edition that suggested the BBC presenters Claudia Winkleman and Vanessa Feltz were well paid because they are Jewish.

The Rupert Murdoch-owned newspaper removed an online version of the piece by Holocaust denier Kevin Myers [Myers contests this description: see footnote] on Sunday morning amid a wave of outrage, but it appeared in printed editions of the newspaper across Ireland.

Under the headline “Sorry ladies, equal pay has to be earned”, Myers wrote: “I note that two of the best-paid women presenters in the BBC – Claudia Winkleman and Vanessa Feltz, with whose, no doubt, sterling work I am tragically unacquainted – are Jewish. Good for them.

“Jews are not generally noted for their insistence on selling their talent for the lowest possible price, which is the most useful measure there is of inveterate, lost-with-all-hands stupidity. I wonder, who are their agents? If they’re the same ones that negotiated the pay for the women on the lower scales, then maybe the latter have found their true value in the marketplace.”

Myers has previously written, in the Irish Independent: “There was no holocaust (or Holocaust, as my computer software insists) and six million Jews were not murdered by the Third Reich. These two statements of mine are irrefutable truths.” [See footnote.]

Female BBC stars urge corporation to 'act now' on pay and gender Read more

Winkleman is a regular Sunday Times columnist, writing weekly in the Style supplement.

The Campaign Against Antisemitism announced on Sunday it would report the paper to the Independent Press Standards Organisation. It said in a statement: “It is clear that Kevin Myers should not have been invited to write for the Sunday Times, and his editors should never have allowed the article to be published. That they removed the article within hours of publishing it is proof that the decision was irrefutably wrong.

“Rather than moving swiftly on, we now expect the Sunday Times to investigate how this happened, to hold the editor responsible and the columnist to account, and to publish a high-profile and clear apology. We have contacted the newspaper’s senior management and given them our views on what should happen next.”

Lionel Barber, the editor of the Financial Times, described the piece as “undiluted antisemitism and misogyny” while the former Europe minister Denis MacShane said the comments were “truly shameful”.

Danny Cohen, the former director of BBC television, called on the Sunday Times to prevent Myers from writing for any News UK paper ever again.

After the column was removed, the editor of the Sunday Times, Martin Ivens, issued a statement saying Myers’ comments were “unacceptable and should not have been published”.

“It has been taken down and we sincerely apologise both for the remarks and the error of judgment that led to publication,” he said.

The editor of the paper’s Irish edition, Frank Fitzgibbon, added: “I apologise unreservedly for the offence caused by comments in a column written by Kevin Myers and published today in the Ireland edition of the Sunday Times. It contained views that have caused considerable distress and upset to a number of people.

“As the editor of the Ireland edition I take full responsibility for this error of judgment. This newspaper abhors antisemitism and did not intend to cause offence to Jewish people.”

Ivens later added that Myers would not write again for the Sunday Times Ireland and said a printed apology would appear in next week’s paper. A News UK spokeswoman said he had apologised personally to Winkleman and Feltz “for these unacceptable comments both to Jewish people and to women in the workplace”.

Gideon Falter, chair of Campaign Against Antisemitism, said: “This was an utterly vile column which deployed well-worn antisemitic tropes about Jews. The fulsome apologies from the editorial team at the Sunday Times are welcome, but Kevin Myers is a serial offender who should never have been given an inch of column space in the first place.

“This must be the end of Kevin Myers’ notorious journalistic career and News UK must now confirm that they will never again allow him to write for any of their titles.”

Dave Rich, spokesman at the Community Security Trust, said Myers’ antisemitic comments were “as standard as they come” and said he was surprised the article “got through the whole editorial process and nobody spotted that this is not the kind of thing that should be published”.

Myers has been contacted for comment.

• Note added 18 August 2017 - Kevin Myers says he is not a Holocaust denier. He is not, in the usual sense of that term. He expressed his idiosyncratic view in the Belfast Telegraph of 6 March 2009: “...there certainly was no holocaust. For if the word is to have any literal validity at all, it must be related to its actual meaning, which comes from the Greek words holos, ‘whole’, and caust, ‘fire’. Most Jewish victims of the Third Reich were not burnt in the ovens in Auschwitz. They were shot by the hundreds of thousands in the Lebensraum of the east, or were worked or starved to death in a hundred other camps, across the Reich.... To be sure, you can use the term holocaust to describe these events, but only as a metaphor. However, to turn that metaphor into a political dogma, a denial of which can result in imprisonment, is to create a religio-penal code of which Torquemada would have approved....I’m a holocaust denier; but I also believe that the Nazis planned the extermination of the Jewish people, as far as their evil hands could reach.”

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136149-43738d1678dbe5eac2e80fbca64174db.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000047200 00000000000 015260  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Newspaper Page Text

TMS WIEEH° ra fliQ@ M@g(g Ggrdfe© &ilbi®d] a BH Msurgsnnsit Wndldl@!M@r

w 3MEKT WEEEs BB TGfl(g E©dl EimeruM/ 3 bj JoGana E©©dl §<g®(s D D D □"□

Read the first of The Star's $1.50, hook-sized, popular novels, beginning on page 4in this issue. It will be completed next Saturday. And then, next Monday, a

second story will start. This paper is going to give its readers the best lot of summer fiction ever offered anywhere. Remembi'r, a book-sized novel will be published

COMPLETE every six days. Five popular, high-class books for thirty cents! If you aren't a regular reader, CALL MAIN 9400 AND SUBSCRIBE NOW.

Ym Lose Omt

nl IDWft

Start reading "The Rose Garden Hus

band" in today's Star. It is a com

plete. new novel in six installment*

Don't miss the first chapter. Pane 4

PREPARE!

VISFE

* ? her Of me rejnsrafive educational surver commis

sion, has declared he will urge the commission to rec

ommend to the next legislature a state law making mili

tary instruction compulsory in the high schools of the

state.

There la a difference of opinion among authority* aa to whether

boat roaulta aro gained by compulsory or non compulsory methods. Or

P P. Clairton, U. I. commissioner of education, to ono who believes a

non-compulsory method would b« tho bottor. Ho ao advised Zednlck

when In Seattle, laat week.

The proposition of military instruction In the public schools la of

vital Interoot TO EVERY PARENT AND CHILD. So vital. In fact,

that Tho Star thought It worth whilo to aonrf a staff correspondent to

Wyoming to study a system of military preparedness that has been

worked out In that state. While the root of the country Is TALKING

preparedness. Wyoming IS prepared.

In this state the famoua "Swiss military system," which nearly all

authoritiea agree should be adopted by all America, le practically IN

EXISTENCE, and thousands of high school boys ars ysarly being

trained by Ita canons In the metnoos of national defense.

This, even Its former critice agree, Is a wonderful and

successful experiment Wyoming ie making In NATIONALISM,

thle turning out of an annual hoot —not of militarists—but of

r* HEALTHY, ACTIVE CITIZENS, TRAINED IN THE USE OF

ARMS!

THE FIRST OF THE ARTICLES ON THE "WYOMING FLAN

WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE STAR TUESDAY. THE OTHERS

WILL FOLLOW FROM DAY TO OAY.

The Star believes the mothers and fathers of Se

attle ought to take an active interest in this matter.

For it is YOUR boy that they're planning to drill.

Shall our state legislature be urged by the educa

tional commission to adopt a CONSCRIPTION plan, or

should the course of training be furnished, and the boys

be permitted to volunteer. The Star believes YOU

should hare a voice in deciding the point.

READ THK ARTICLES ON THE "WYOMING

k PI.AN." AND THEN WRITE YOUR OPINION TO

h, THE EDITOR OF THIS PAPER.

' i ~

FOR MAYOR .

VOTE FOR AUSTIN E. GRIFFITHS—Under all the elr

cumatancea in the preaent contest. Auatin E. Griffiths la logle

ally the man to be named mayor. Hla election will tend to

bury the bunk laeuea which have been fought out and definitely

aettled in the past. Moreover, Griffitha hae given coneiderable

study to adminlatrative detail, and his election will tend toward

an era In city adminlatration when a dollars worth of public

money wll buy a dollar's worth of service. Hie work as city

councilman and chief of police haa been satisfactory. He is a

irian ideals. The city will be much better off with Grif

fiths as mayor and Erlckaon as president of the council than

otherwise. Erlckaon is needed In the council. To the city he

Is just as valuable there as ha would be in the mayor'e chair,

perhaoa more so.

Gill offers nothing of any Importance to the city. He aet>ed to

be vidlcated two yeara ago. He said he would not run again.

He ahould have kept his word.

FOR CORPORATION COUNSEL

VOTE FOR THOMAS F. MURPHINE—Hie ability, courage

and integrity were put to the (est in two sessions of the legiela

ture, and he made good.

FOR CITY COUNCIL

VOTE FOR THREE OF THESE SIX: THOMSON. MOORE.

CASE, MARBLE, FITZGERALD. PAYSSE. The Star reeom

meeds Thomson and Moore, but makes no recommendation as

to th« third man.

The Seattle Star

j rTHE ONLY PAPER IN SEATTLE THAT DARES TO PRINT THE NEWS

VOLUME 18 SKATTLK, WASH . MONDAY, FEBRUARY 21. 1916

OIIR CHIEF

IN DARING

EXPLOIT!

Bold Beggar Comes Right Up

to Hi* Very

Door

LANG CALLS POLICE

Some tiemcara are awfully akep

tlcal Won't lielieve anything a

fallow toll* >m

<>n« of thla kind rallnl at the

horn* of Chief l^i tic 11th a*e and

llarrtaon at. Sundai evening The

chief «antej to get film a treated,

but didn't

"You're pinched " the chief I*

r»|i«rt«l to have »ald

The beggar laughed right out

loud.

'Aw, quit vi r klddin." he aald

"l»o roit know who I am"

"Xoiw' Vho an jou (if rj"

Washington ''

I'm the chief of police, l.«ul»

M l-ang

The beggar doubled up In laugh

ler

"Mo. ho' You can't fool me, he

■aid

l|nne«t I ani, ' !« the reported

r»plv "'} m a regular cop "

i Ann hn« not given The Star an

auMwut*- icapwtit at. U»« Ml 4l»-

U*ue.i * * 1

Tlti frtim Ml««onri." the beggar

la reported to have relolned Von

fotta »l>ow me Where a the green

braid on Tour panta?"

The beggar waa rel<-ntle»« He

demanded to aee the rhler* badge

The chief had changed hi"

clothea

Walt a minute. I'll get It," the

chief aald. It la reported

But when he relumed the beg

(«( waa gore Thla made

mad Me called for the police on

the telephone

Fred Mllla. telephone operator at

neadqi art em. thought the chief

»>ld there wan a burglar" at hla

home Inatead of a ' beggar"

I leak Sergeunt Ktank Kenned:

ordered out the reserve aquad

The detective department wan

notified Re»«>ral »l»uiha alao

ru«hed to the l.ilig home

S»rr,eant Gene Hlaier and Ps'rol

man McCafferty, In the ' |>ol|i-e

prowler." ait toed to the acene

f'rdeatrlana Jumped out of the

•It Htreet cara atopped People

begin pouring out of hmiae*

In a Jiffy, the aquadrnn of patrol

men and detectlvaa arrived at the 1

realdence

'Where'* the burglar?" demand

ed Sergeant Hlalcr

"Hurgltr*" Inquired the axton

lahed chief l)o you think I

called you to get a burglar? It

waa a beggar He a he»ded up the

street (Jo and get him"

But lh» bold, bold beggar had

dlaappeared Into the dark, dark,

darknoaa of the night

MIUTH PARADE

ON FOR TUESDAY

Obsrrvmirr of liroric" Washing

ton's IMth birthday anniversary li"

Kan Monday, a day In adranc* of

ItiM-lf. with rxerrla** at Knlßhta of

Columbus hall.

TticHday. the annhernarv proper,

will b* marked bv a full drea* pa

rade of all atate mllltla bodle* here.

Mi at'propHale MlHllW on thn

unheralty canipiia.

H< hoots will he timed Tu'wli)',

a« well aa all public offices and I In*

ha nk a.

Tb«> par ad<■ will atari at Flref arid

Pike at 12:15. Kvsrclsea at the

illiberally will be held at 11. Other

*tic«ial exerclae* will be held In

churrhe* tbrtiout the day and even-

InK

"HORHRT" CjAFFNFY

IS BACK IN SKIRTS

Robert" (laffney, the "lar.y

husband" of Mr* Margaret

(Saffnay, of 20',;:! Terry ave ,

who turned out, after IS yeara

of maaqneradlng. to b« a "lady

husband." ha* returned Monday

to the habiliments of her real

se*

Hhe la wearlnK women*

clothe" ProaAcutor l.unilln ha*

determined lie cannot hold

' Mr' 1 fluffnev on any charge

He ha* likewise decided thw

duly of supporting Mr* (iaff

nav'a three children falls lo Ibe

mother.

Fair tonight and Tuesday. j

GIRLS, WHO'S GAME TO GET MARRIED?

JUST PROPOSE! WE'LL DO THE REST

LI ST I N, Rit Is li- tun I

Probably you're in

t

lot e what?

And have waited fur

HIM to |»r«»|>o«e?

Well?

oh, you Knew this wu

going to l>c a I.cap Year

story ?

<»f oiiirw it i« Now—

l.et't u rt married!

That i« to say. YOU

get married to anyltndv

voti want AND THK

STNR WII.I. I'AY FOR

THE WEDDING I

N«w turn vour other ear

THE HT*n WII.I, FOOT

THE FNTIRK 1t11.1., PROM

TDK MARRIAGE MCKNBK

PROSECUTOR IS

WATCHING VOTE

lie Watna KUctton Officials

Again** CcunteiiMK

ing fraud

BIG VOTE IS EXPECTED

tLICTION NOTES

Pel's remain open from •

I. m. to t p. m

Call up registration office.

Main tWO, If you do not know

where your polling place <s

You are entitled to vote for

one candidate for mayor, one

for corporation couneei. one

for treaaurer, one for como

ell.

The Star recommend* Grif

fiths for mayor. Murphlne for

corporation counael. and three

of thf following el* fo' the

council: Thomeon, Mooce,

Caae. Marble. Fitigerald and

Payee*.

With wpathpr condition* *all*fac

lory, a big vote la anticipated In

the primary election Monday. The

l»oll* will remain open until 8

o'clock

Municipal Ipagup acoul* arp

keeping a e!o*e watch on all down

loan (Killing plscr* for ' relators'

and non resident votpr*

At least Ir. non rcaldent*. Prose

e'-utor Lundln nay*, registered aa

voting In thp Mrat ward

No warrant* have bepn Isaued

for their arte*t In caae they at

tpnipt to vote. I.tindln *ald. but It

will l>e the policy of hi* office to

punlah olectlon board* who |>ermlt

mv fraud

Thp lar»p rpglatratlon tndlcatp*.

al*o, that thp voter* are taking »

aerlou* lntprp*t In the election, tho

they are not rotting eicltod over It.

It la practical)? conceded that

lllram C. (Jill will be one of the two

nomlnep* for mayor, and .1 K llrad

ford onp of Hip two nominated for

corporation coun*p|

In th« mayoralty contest, chief

Interest lies In the contest between

Austin K (Jrlfflths and Oliver T,

Krlrkson a* to which shall opiwise

<iUI In the final election.

In the contest for corporation

council, the chief Interest lies In

the three-cornered contest for the

second nomination Thomas K

Murphlne. E II Uule and M. C.

I 'ald w ell are the contestant*

Mr* M .1 Howard, experienced

election official. «aa deposed Mon

day when she went to take her seat

na Judge In Precinct 125, at 3ft3

Moren ave

She claim" that Inspector W II

niahop told her that she was "too

good a republican" for the Job.

Mrs, llowatvl exhibited a postal

card from registration offlrlala,

naming her as official Judge.

HE'S BUSY AT LODGE

ltecau*e K. P. Otto has so little

time to give his wife in social di

version. she wants a divorce

She filed Monday.

"lie tell* me," she allege*, "that

lodge duties keep him away

night*."

CHURCH DESTROYED

Qt'KHEC, Feb 21 The church

at Heuuport. a''ro«* the Hi Charles,

three miles from here, took fire I

1 today and 1» bulleve.,l to bo doomed

DOWN TD TIPI'INO THR

WAITKR APTKR TDK WKII

IHNi; ItItKAKFAST'

How a that?

All you've Kot to do In pro

poae. hrlnit your man to The

Htar offlre the »ooner the bet

ter and YOI"RK OS'.

Hon't delay, girls.

Only eight day* distant lathe

day thai make* (hla leap year.

Kebroary J».

On that day The Star couple's

leap yeat wedding will taka

place at hign noon, on the atage

of the Strand thaatre. Second

ava , near Seneca at.

"Admiaaion will be free

"And," aay* BJiy Smythe.

the manager, "air thoae who

want to aee the mftleat movie

• now In town can stay. Not

only that I WILL GIVE THE

WEODINC COUPLE A LIFE

PASS TO THE THEATRE—

FOR THEMSELVES AND

FIVE KILLED IN ;

CHENEY WRECK

Two State Officials Among

V«.nm* of >i. P.

Collision

FOG IS RESPONSIBLE

BPOKANK. Peb. n orflclala to

J day had determined that a denae

f(<* waa reaponalble for the collision

at South Cheney early Sunday.

• ben five men *ere killed and

three serioualy Injured

Thp bodies of the dead were

claimed by relative* and taken

awar todav They arc

PROF. ELTON FULMER. Hate

cbamitt Pullman. Waeh.

I. J. MiNNiCK. deputy oil inepec

to'. Spokanl.

LEE N CONRY. Northern Pacific

traveling passenger agent. Spokane

0 L. BERKEY. Portland.

J. J. WHITE. Spokane.

Thp Injured, who are atlll In Spo

kanp lioapltala. are:

R. J. Spear, Pomeroy. Wesh.

Or. John Matthewe. Everett.

Waab.

J. A Payant of Loa Angeles.

Superintendent l>e Pone of the

Northern Pacific division learned

on investigation that the engineer

of the North Coaat Limited waa un

able to fee the flagman *pnt out by

thp paatbotind Itiirllngton train

mhen It atopped at South Cheney.

In the fog the train daahed pnat

I him.

A torppdo waa eiploded Juat aa

the Limited ernahed Into the atand

In* train, but not In sufficient tlmp

for the pngliippr to atop

In the pocket of Prof. Pullmer

was found a t ravelin* Inaurance

card wcirth 12R.000 In caae of dpath

on the trip.

Hp had purchaacd It only a few

1 hour a bpforp he inel d»nth.

GERMAN AIRMEN

RAID 3 NATIONS

BERLIN, Feb, 21.—Gcrmin

airman raided England. Brl

gium and Franca simultaneous

ly Sunday. While they were en

gaged againat Loweatoft, other

aviatora were raiding Furneaa

and Pnperlnghe In Belgium

and Amiena and Lunevllle, In

France, It waa announced to

day. Alt the aircraft returned

unharmed.

POURS GASOLINE ON

FIRE; NOW HE'S DEAD

.Inst before lit* death at the city

hospital. Sunday night. Tom Vas

Ills, n ('.reek, swore he had been a

victim of a bomb plot Detectives

learned later he bad poured gaso

line Into his stove at till Harrison

St., to hurry the fire along

NERO OUTCLASSED

The man who underpays women

workers In order to satisfy hi*

greed for inone\, should be classed

with drunkards and gamblers," sail

Ithe He (ieorce McDonald speak

lug at the V. M. C. A. Humbiy club. '

ONE CENT

THEIR CHILDREN."

are »everal ad\antacea

In getting married on leap year

day.

F irat place, you pick the man

you want—

And you can call yourself a

bride for four yaari, because

your first anniversary will be

in 1920, neat leap year.

Alao, annivcraary preeenta

for hubby won't coat you much.

The classiest TIKKANY

WEOIHNO Kl.N'ti you ever aaw.

girl*. la waiting for your finger

down at fturnett Itro* the jew

eler*. (41 Herond ave

Vou re to plch your own par

•on. of ronr»» any on# 1 you

wish We'll fl* It up with him

You anil your prospective

hubby ntlll he taken to the

count v auditor'* office from

v ottr home* In a Hudson Hii|>or-

Hl*. which will he at your serv

ice until the event la over fte-

FATHER TELLS HOW

HE FOUND FROZEN

B0&Y OF HIS GIRL

* _______________

I.AKK PORRKBT. 111.. Keb. Jl

While Wm Orpet. college atudent

impatient!* waited In another room.

Prank Lambert told a coronet"

Jury today * bat he knew- of the

tragedy surrounding the death of

hla daughter, Marian I.atnbert, for

which Orpet la held.

When Marian did not return

home on the We.Veadav. I thought

ahe had eloped with Orpet." aald

thp father 'I then called In her

rhum, Joaephlne Havla, but ahe did

not know «here Marian «a*. Then

I telephoned to Madlaon to learn If

Orpel «ii there, but I could not

locate him.

FATHER TELLS OF

FINDING FROZEN BODY

Mv wife aald thpre was a 'man

In the case.' and *he thought of

Orpet right aw»r."

I<ambert thpn relalpd how hp had

searched the wood* on Thursday

and finally romp ui>on thp frown

body of thp girl. She had bppn In

Rood health and high spirits for

two month* preceding her dpath.

said

After tolllnK of her keeping com

pany with Ori>et for two year*. Hp

■kid: "We did not object. we

tnerelv ho;>pd the case would not

become serlou*."

A* for the cvanlde of |<otaa*lum

need In the grepn hou*p on the p*

tat** wh«rf l.atnbert worked. h< de

clared II win kept locked and that

Marian never went to the Kretii

houae unle«* ahe •snti'd a bouquet

PRISONER IMPATIENT

AT DELAY IN CASE

A friend of the I.amberta tenti

fli-d that thp fathpr had aohbed and

thrown himself bealdc Iho girl'*

liody.

While the Inquest was proceeding

Orpet waa In n mom apart. frettlnK

at the delay In hearing the outcome

"I wish-they'd get thni." hp said

"I'm ulrk unci tired of the whole

business

Speaking of Washington's Birthday Coming Tomorrow, There Are No G. W.'s These Days

ON

ft#

Ileve us It fa SOMK MACHINE,

too.

And FI.OWKRS golly 1 You

oughtn aee em! It a already

fnntml up that you're lo be gar

landed and wreathed and flow

ered In flower* and flower* and

flower* right from the Holly

wood (Sanlena* *

The WKDDING RRKAKFAST

*111 he eaten at the Hutler.

Manager A Cheshire Mitchell

has promised the best kervlre

hla waiter* ran put up- and you

know about them.

On the table, among otfer

thing*. *IM be the handaon#"'

WKtJWNO CAKK anylody

nn» made by the Northern Pa

dflc dining ear department ea

l-ei tally for YOt"R WK DOING.

And may lie i here II he a lot of

other thing* We can't tell yet

(Strls'

HURRY'

Orpet'* father. Edward. the laat

wltne*« before the recess, startled

the crowd by going over lo l.am

b-r» and shaking hand* with hini

Th« two men had lieen friend*

for vear*. and they conversed sev

eral minute*, parting In the best

of spirit*, despite the predicament

of their children.

The elder Orpet testified Ijim

l>ert telephoned him on the night

Of Marlan'a dlsap|>earanee:

"Your boy has got my girl."

"I told him that w»* rank non

aenae," *ald Or|>et. "Then I tele

gmpbed Win* landladv at Madi

son and *he wired back that Will

wa* there."

Me Mtid he had told hi* nsslst

ant to throw awa> a quantity of

cyanide of |wita**ium some time

aK» because It was too weak and

impure to use on Insect |ient»

Tho official* have charged Wil

liam Orpet. 20. 1 "diversity of Wis

consin student. with murder In con

nection with her death, they said

PRINCE ON THE STAND

Tells of Affection for Maiden of 15

NEW YORK. F«h. 21 Highly

perfua| much bejeweb-d

I'rl*" p 1 ■ .andt-r Mlsklnoff was his

own i**st witness today in his suit

for separation from his wife, the

former California heiress. Aimer

f rocker.

lu answer to the charge that he

wan too affectionate with his beau

tiful 15-year-old foster daughter,

the prince swore, thru an interpret

er, that his wife had said:

"If you are really in love with

Yvonne nnd would be satisfied with

her. 1 will divorce you and be per-

EDITION J.

(Continued on page 8.)

THREE OF

CREWARE

INJURED

One Sailor of Steamer Victoria

Burned and Two Over-

come by Smoke.

LOADED FOR ALASKA

One sailor was severely

burned and two ship's officer*

overcome by «-mokc while

fighting a fire that broke out

in tlie hold of the S. S. Vio

toria, lying at I'icr 2. M< ndiiv

morning, after a coal K as •'**

plosion.

By bri-k fighting, the irci

extinguished the flamc« with- '

out help from the fire tug Du

wami-h and tlie harbor depar*,-

ment patrol that responded.

Henry Sorenson, the sailor wrtc

•as burned about the face an£

hand*. went Into the hatch with a

lantern Juat before the explosion.

Prut Mate Johnson and Boats

wain Donahue headed the crew In

fichtlnx the fire. They were both

overcome with amcke

Sorennon w«« inkw

flees of Dr K. B. Whitney.

The Victoria Is bjr the

Alaska Steamship Co., »nd plie* be

tween Seattle and Alaska.

She had broocht a < argo of coal

from Brltlah Columbia.

Company off:cjiis *ald little dam

age had been done to the ahlp aa

far as they could learn. They be

lieve that a gas i>ocket formed In

the canto.

MUTINY? NO, THIEF

SAN FRANC IBCO, Feb 21—Po

lice thought there must be a

mutiny aboard the S. S. Fairhaven

when she put Into port with police

signal* flying It Just a caa«

of the negro cook losing hi* watch.

MAYOR MITCHEL

STRONG FOR TANGO

NEW YORK. Feb. 21.—

Mayor Mltchel is a tango en

thusiast. Built a la Vernon

Castle, he succeeds in putting

some tang into his tango, too.

|fectlv happy."

The prince is 35 and his wife 42.

She has been married four times.

B.ith sides agree that the dispar

ity In their age« caused their e«*

trangement and led to the prince's

affection for Yvonne.

Attorneys intend to introduce a

; number of the "honey darling" let

ter* the prince's wife wrote him.

telling of her angul«h at surrender

ing Yvonne to him "to love and

i cherish forever "

Yvonne, guarded by a nurse, and

half burled in a big fur roat. was

' rresein to bear the testimony.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136140-6a78f42376120fb0cf32eddc39ba49cd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003666 00000000000 015252  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Today brought news that the HTC Vive will be dropping in price from $799 down to $599, slashing $200 off the cost of the SteamVR headset. It’s a tempting offer, though you might worry that your purchase will soon be outdated by a new version of the headset. HTC says that won’t be happening this year.

The company confirmed as much to UploadVR following the announcement earlier today. Patrick Seybold, Vice President of Communications told us that there would be no new PC-based Vive coming this year. In this morning’s announcement, Dan O’Brien, General Manager for HTC Vive in the Americas, had assured that the cut was “not to clear inventory or set the stage for something else,” but now we know for sure there won’t be a hardware update in 2017.

We can’t speak for 2018 and beyond, of course. HTC is likely to release a successor to the Vive, updating core features at some point down the road but the company isn’t offering any hints as to when that might be.

That said, the Vive isn’t destined to be the only VR headset to use SteamVR tracking technology; we’ve already seen an early prototype of LG’s own headset that uses Valve’s platform, and there are likely others in the works too. When these devices will launch, how much they will cost and how they’ll stack up to the Vive are three key questions to consider, especially with SteamVR’s updated base stations and Knuckles controllers on the horizon. It could be that a competitor launches a superior headset with these new additions in the near future.

While there won’t be a new PC-based Vive this year, don’t forget that HTC will be releasing a standalone Vive headset that doesn’t require a PC or mobile phone and utilizes Google’s Daydream platform. That’s expected to hit at some point within the last four months of 2017. The standalone looks like it will run mobile VR software, however, and differ considerably in capabilities from its PC-based counterpart.                                                                          0136162-195396a5071e54b934d7c5d726c0ca55.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012367 00000000000 014704  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        We believe a truly great creative tool cannot be designed in secret; it must be designed in open dialog with creators.

World's First Collaborative Video Editor

The past year we’ve built the foundations for a video editor that will allow you to do real-time collaborative editing with other artists, even if they're across the world. Artists are asking for this, and we're listening.

A Modern Professional Editor

In addition to being collaborative, we're building a thoroughly modern editor:

Designed from the ground up for HDSLR cameras

Can use local computers and cloud for storage and rendering

rendering Support for 64-bit, 32-bit, and ARM

Designed with Storytellers for Storytellers

We have a laser focus on helping those artists who right now are leveraging HDSLR cameras to tell wonderful stories, with amazing production quality, and are doing so on shoe string budgets.

So the past year we've been talking with these artists, learning as much as we can. This has been distilled in the Novacut editor UX design.

Our strong leadership and willingness to make opinionated decisions about what we're not going to do is extremely important, otherwise we'd end up with this:

A $300 Ticket to the Future

We're nearly done with hardest part of our collaborative editor (dealing with files). And that means we're close to having a tool that can do honest-to-god real-time collaborative video editing. By our count, this will be a world-first.

We'd like you to be one of the first 100 people in the world to experience collaborative editing. So if you've got $299.99 burning a hole in your pocket for some reason, you can help us deliver the future, plus make sure you're first in line to try it.

If we meet our funding goal, we're confident we can deliver ground breaking collaborative editing, although likely with just a few of our planned editing features implemented. But we're in this for the long haul, and should this project blow up in the press, that means we can charge full steam ahead for that much longer before needing to stop and scramble for money again.

It's about Trust

Storytellers must take big risks to follow their dreams, so the last thing they need is uncertainty from their creative tools. We think it's only fair that we continually earn your trust. Here are some promises we take very seriously:

Your edits are priceless and we will maintain backward compatibility forever

Our roadmaps will be published, our process transparent

We'll ask you what you need, and we'll listen when you tell us

you what you need, and we'll when you tell us Our editor will always be free and open source software

Questions or comments? Chat us up on Twitter, Facebook, or IRC, and please join our Vimeo group. We're listening.

Oh, and you have no idea how obsessed we are with multicam... this feature will land very early in Novacut.

Please see this wiki page for our UX designs, code, and information on getting involved with the Novacut design and development efforts.

Credits

Novacut brand identity design by IZO

Blender animation by David Jordan

Narration by James Raymond

Cloud timelapse by Nathan DeRose

Sintel character model by Blender Foundation

Extreme Swiss Army Knife by _tnz

Testimonials

Don't just take our word for it!

Christie Strong, editor and filmmaker:

Novacut is not just a video editor, it's a revolution. An open source, collaborative, cloud-enabled platform that is created by artists for artists. The ambitiousness of the project, the passion of it's team and their commitment to the filmmaking community inspires me. They are thinking about the entire pre- to post-production pipeline and designing tools that empower storytellers and support the creative process from the ground up. If this is the future of filmmaking, sign me up!

Hanna Sköld, writer and filmmaker:

As a filmmaker and artist I'm always searching for ways to meet and collaborate with as many people as possible, because I believe that sharing stories and creating together will make the world a better place. Novacut is something brand new, and will open up the possibilities to work collaboratively with people from all over the world, using an easy workflow. I'm looking very much forward to this! Please support them, and let's meet later on at Novacut!

Ian 'IZO' Cylkowski, designer of Novacut brand identity:

As a brand identity designer who uses open-source software to aid in my design developments, I offered my design skills to any open-source project that required a full and comprehensive identity design. A commenter on my blog kindly alerted me to the Novacut project, a young team looking to develop a design-focused FOSS, distributed-model pro video editor and direct-to-fan venue. I was immediately intrigued that the Novacut project are very keen on developing very design-focused software as, in my experience, good design doesn't often feature in open-source projects. Not only that, but soon after my initial talks with the Novacut team, it became very clear that they were all extremely ambitious and were very much looking at nothing less than permanently changing the way people produce, distribute, fund and consume movies and TV. Knowing that these guys were fully committed to their vision, it was a no-brainer to contribute my design skills to the project pro bono. I wish them the best of luck.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136172-4f9e8d8e3953345a56c87d9eff29340d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006375 00000000000 015104  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Tor Project is working with Princeton University boffins to try and identify possibly malicious nodes, and prevent them from harvesting traffic by gaming its node reputation system.

Tor's reputation services collect flags from relays, from which they assess and publish (hourly) the reputation of relays, but the researchers from Princeton and the Tor project believe the network isn't sufficiently protected against “Sybil attacks”.

In a Sybil attack (named after the Flora Schreiber novel about dissociative identity disorder), a single individual controls multiple accounts to game a reputation system. In the case of Tor, gaming the system would let an attacker attract traffic to nodes they control – and that gives the attacker more traffic to observe (for example, to try and de-anonymise users).

Tor already tries to remove malicious Sybils from the network (not all of them are attackers), but a false positive is costly, because it removes bandwidth from the network. However, the paper (by Princeton and Karlstad University's Philipp Winter, Roya Ensafi and Nick Feamster of Princeton, and the Tor Project's Karsten Loesing) notes that to get rid of dangerous nodes, the network needs ways to identify them.

A miscreant, the authors say, can also use Sybils to snoop on exit traffic (for credential collection), fingerprint Websites users are connecting to, harvest bridge addresses (which undermines Tor's potential to circumvent censorship).

The boffins trained their main tool, called “sybilhunter”, on historical network data about the Tor consensus (that is, the output of its reputation system), and turned up some interesting results, including:

Rewrite Sybils – these hijacked Bitcoin transactions by rewriting their Bitcoin addresses;

Redirect Sybils – these also attacked Bitcoin users, by redirecting them to an impersonation site;

FDCservers Sybils – associated with the CMU deanonymisation research later subpoenaed by the FBI;

Botnets of Sybils – possibly misguided attempts to help drive up usage;

Academic Sybils – they observed the Amazon EC2-hosted nodes operated by Biryukov, Pustogarov, and Weinmann for this 2013 paper; and

The http://www.theregister.co.uk/2014/12/27/tor_lizard_squad_sybil_attack/ LizardNSA attack on Tor.

The paper notes that sybilhunter isn't a complete answer to the problem. It can't assess the motivations behind Sybils, and some fingerprints it misses are picked up by other tools, such as Exitmap. So the Tor Project is advised to use “diverse and complimentary tools” to protect the network.

Manual work is needed as well, and can provide important context to distinguish harmless and malicious Sybils: “Sybils that are (i) operated in “bulletproof” Ases, (ii) show signs of not running the Tor reference implementation, or (iii) spoof information in their router descriptor all suggest malicious intent”, they say.

They hope to create a crowd-sourced sybilhunter: “We are also working with The Tor Project on incorporating our techniques in Tor Metrics, a web site that contains network visualisations, which are frequented by numerous volunteers that sometimes report anomalies. By incorporating our techniques, we hope to benefit from “crowd-sourced” Sybil detection.”

The code for sybilhunter is here. ®                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0136182-4c273443b3531cd08f699cb25e73c263.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002300 00000000000 014664  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Michael Mauti

Minnesota Vikings inside linebacker Michael Mauti (56) talks with a teammate in the first half of a preseason NFL football game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers at TCF Bank Stadium Saturday, Aug. 15, 2015, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Ann Heisenfelt)

(Ann Heisenfelt)

The New Orleans Saints claimed linebacker Michael Mauti on waivers from the Minnesota Vikings on Sunday, according to NFL wire.

The team also added defensive end Obum Gwacham on waivers from the Seattle Seahawks.

The Saints will need to remove two players from their current 53-man roster to add the new players.

Of the players waived by the Saints on Saturday, quarterback Ryan Griffin was claimed by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and offensive tackle Bryce Harris by the Atlanta Falcons. Cornerback Stanley Jean-Baptiste, a second-round pick in 2014, went unclaimed and is now a free agent.

Mauti is from Mandeville and played football at Penn State. His father Rich played for the Saints from 1977-1983.

The Vikings drafted Mauti in the seventh round (213th overall). In two years with the Vikings, he played in 15 games and made 16 tackles.

Gwacham was a sixth-round draft pick of the Seattle Seahawks in May out of Oregon State.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136189-ae0df88a10195fddab243b17eac47729.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011602 00000000000 015251  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Hi everyone,

We’re back with a selection of answers to your community questions! Please note that in some cases we’ve combined multiple questions into one, and we that have edited some questions for clarity.

As a reminder, we previously suggested a shift in focus in your questions. As development plans are always subject to change, questions about future features will often get vague answers which can be repetitive and sometimes annoying. With that in mind, the development team is more interested in questions about current in-game features or systems, or questions about why development decisions were made. You’re still welcome to ask questions about future features and we’ll continue to answer them where appropriate – just expect the occasional ‘soon.’

We have now opened an official thread for next week’s Q&A, which will stay open until 2pm CDT on July 25th, 2012 (12pm PDT/3pm EDT/8pm BST/9pm CEST/5am AEST). We welcome your questions in that thread and hope you enjoy the answers below.

If you want to discuss any of the answers given, please use this Forum thread!

Chimerashot: The way Campaign gear is set up, some DPS classes have the Armoring with more Endurance instead of their main stat. Can we expect this to change /what was the reasoning behind this?

David Hunt (Systems Designer): It’s an undesired interaction between the distribution of the mods and the move to set bonuses on the armoring. Future gear provides set mods will use the primary stat over Endurance for all DPS classes.

Achyllis: Why don't cool downs all reset on death in PvP?

Austin Peckenpaugh (Senior Designer): Doing this would encourage a couple of things that, so far, we don't necessarily want to encourage. When you take a position from another player or group of players in a Warzone, holding that position is harder when your group's abilities are still cooling down and that isn't the case for the incoming wave of attackers. We entertain this idea every now and then, but we keep arriving at the notion that it would create too much turnover and death zerging, which have historically proven to not be fun.

We also like the tension in the decision of blowing everything to finish someone off in a clutch moment versus acknowledging defeat and coming back in full force. The decision of "going all out" should be a strategic and tactical one rather than a no-brainer that you squeeze in before each death.

Sang: Several months ago class balance changes were made at a smaller and more frequent rate, however, since 1.2 all class balance changes have been made within or around the major game updates (1.2 and 1.3). Will this pattern of class balance changes occurring every few months within the major game updates continue or will we see a return to some more frequent, albeit smaller, changes?

Austin: In the weeks immediately following launch, we had planned and scheduled for as much bug fixing and emergent balancing as possible, and faster class/balance updates were more feasible as a result. Smaller, more frequent class changes proved to have an overall positive impact on the game, so yes, we hope to get back into that kind of rhythm soon.

Esendis: Can we expect some kind of change to the current pve relics? As it stands now the BIS pve relics for many advanced classes are the pvp ones.

Jason Attard (Senior Game Balance Designer): In the long run our intent is to make sure PvP gear is never competitive in end-game PvE situations. Unfortunately, it’s still too early in the design process for us to give an ETA or release any details on what we’re planning for PvP gear.

We currently have no plans to change the PvE relics. In theory the active abilities on the PvE relics do not provide quite as much sustained damage-per-second as a passive relic at the same item level. In practice, when used at the correct time they can deliver a huge amount of damage when you actually need it, and can make you much more effective overall. This is especially true when the relic is paired with powerful cooldowns or burst damage attacks. This is the primary reason we changed the PvP relics into passive relics, as skilled players could wipe out their opponents much more quickly than intended, and nobody likes to be killed before they get a chance to fight back. On the PvE side we decided to keep that extra bit of gameplay, since it helps break up rotations and adds a extra little optimization element to damage dealing in boss fights.

Dyronis: Are there any plans on making Purple, Cyan, White crystals craftable by Artifice?

Jason: We don’t currently have any plans to make those colors craft-able. This might change in the future, but even if we introduce crafting schematics for them we intend for those lightsaber colors (especially White) to remain relatively rare.

Thanks for all of your questions, and thanks to the team for answering them. If you’d like to put forward a question for the next Q&A, please visit this Forum thread!                                                                                                                              0136010-6f4be31c175b333fda6ad7cd936e885b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003374 00000000000 015254  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Utah’s Wasatch GOP has two chairmen. One of them is named James C. Green. Mr. Green has some big ideas and he decided to share one of those big ideas with the public.

Here’s Mr. Green’s caveman missive:

Equal Pay For Women Has Consequences

Editor: Here's the problem with the Equal Pay bill being considered by the Utah Legislature... Traditionally men have earned more than women in the workplace because they are considered the primary breadwinners for families. They need to make enough to support their families and allow the Mother to remain in the home to raise and nurture the children.

If businesses are forced to pay women the same as male earnings, that means they will have to reduce the pay for the men they employ... simple economics. If that happens, then men will have an even more difficult time earning enough to support their families, which will mean more Mothers will be forced to leave the home (where they may prefer to be) to join the workforce to make up the difference.

And as even more women thus enter the workforce that creates more competition for jobs (even men's jobs) and puts further downward pressure on the pay for all jobs... meaning more and more Mothers will be forced into the workforce. And that is bad for families and thus for all of society.

It's a vicious cycle that only gets worse the more equality of pay is forced upon us. It's a situation of well-meaning intentions, but negative unintended consequences.

We should encourage our Legislators to drop the whole notion. Let the marketplace determine what free-market forces should prevail. It is not the role of government to dictate to businesses what they should pay anyway... either as a Minimum Wage or Equal Pay for men and women.

James C. Green

Wasatch Co. GOP Vice-Chair                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0136213-004134858cb643bf4ea8718429db22b1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002165 00000000000 014657  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In the latest installment of "American Pravda" from James O'Keefe and 'Project Veritas,' Nick Dudich, Audience Strategy Editor for NYT Video, is caught on camera saying the Times "always" slants news with an anti-Trump bias.



Dudich speaks candidly to an undercover reporter about how his left-wing political bias influences his editorial judgment, and reveals an unusual connection to former FBI Director James Comey, and a strange association with domestic terror group Antifa.



Dudich goes on to explain what he might do, as a journalist, to target President Trump:











"I'd target his businesses, his dumb f*ck of a son, Donald Jr., and Eric... Target that. Get people to boycott going to his hotels. Boycott... So a lot of the Trump brands, if you can ruin the Trump brand and you put pressure on his business and you start investigating his business and you start shutting it down, or they're hacking or other things. He cares about his business more than he cares about being President. He would resign. Or he'd lash out and do something incredibly illegal, which he would have to."



Read more here from 'Project Veritas'                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0136167-eeaf7a1357a3f70040d78b4d7d77c809.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005657 00000000000 015137  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Former Vice President Joe Biden Joseph (Joe) Robinette BidenBannon: 'Zero' doubt Trump will run for reelection Bernie is back with a bang — but can he hold on to his supporters? Klobuchar backs legalizing marijuana MORE on Wednesday took aim at President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE for attacking Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand Kirsten Elizabeth GillibrandWarren Buffett: I would support Bloomberg if he ran for president Warren vows to forgo 'fancy receptions or big money fundraisers' Dem Party chief defends initial response to Smollett incident: 'We acted on the facts as we knew at the time' MORE (D-N.Y.) by saying, among other things, that she "would do anything" for campaign contributions.

"It’s disgusting. I never thought I’d say that about a president," Biden said on "CBS This Morning."

Gillibrand, a vocal advocate for reforming how Congress and the military handle sexual misconduct cases, has called on Trump to resign over the allegations of sexual misconduct against him.

“These women deserve to be heard,” Biden said, adding that "our children are listening."

ADVERTISEMENT

"Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “begging” for campaign contributions not so long ago (and would do anything for them), is now in the ring fighting against Trump," the president tweeted in part the day before Biden's comments.

White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders on Tuesday pushed back on the claims that it was a sexual reference, saying those who interpreted as such had their minds in the "gutter."

Gillibrand, however, said she interpreted the tweet as a sexual innuendo.

“Well certainly that was how I and many people read it," Gillibrand said Wednesday on NBC's "Today."

"It was certainly just a sexist smear intended to silence me," she continued.

Earlier this week, three of Trump's accusers — Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks — banded together and called on Congress to open an investigation into their allegations against Trump, calls supported by scores of congressional Democrats.

The push comes after prominent lawmakers, including Sen. Al Franken Alan (Al) Stuart FrankenVirginia can be better than this Harris off to best start among Dems in race, say strategists, donors Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message MORE (D-Minn.) and Rep. John Conyers John James ConyersDemocrats seek cosponsors for new 'Medicare for all' bill Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message Women's March plans 'Medicare for All' day of lobbying in DC MORE Jr. (D-Mich.), announced they would be stepping down after allegations of sexual misconduct surfaced.                                                                                 0136142-0441d433296ab06a8be2aef8397f4078.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002514 00000000000 014750  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Marathon, Broadway, and Catacomb: Upcoming D&D Products?





Save Save Save Save

WotC has been using codenames for its upcoming products for some time, mainly to stop anybody figuring our what's in the pipeline. Those codenames end up as placeholders on bookstores and the like. Eagle-eyed readerspotted some upcoming items on McNally Robinson, a Canadian bookstore's website.The items spotted were a 192-page hardcover accessory codenamed "Marathon" (May 2018); a 256-page hardcover adventure codenamed "Broadway" (September 2018), and another 256-page hardcover adventure codenamed "Catacomb" (November 2018). There's also a set of "Broadway" dice Past codenames have included "Labyrinth", which turned out to be Tomb of Annihilation, and "Dust", "Midway", "Cloak", and "Dagger".Let the speculation begin!By Rpg Team WizardsISBN: 9780786966240format: Hardcoverseries: D&D Accessorypages: 192publisher: Wizards of the Coastpub. date: 2018-05-29By Rpg Team WizardsISBN: 9780786966288format: Gameseries: D&D Accessorypages: n/apublisher: Wizards of the Coastpub. date: 2018-09-18By Rpg Team WizardsISBN: 9780786966257format: Hardcoverseries: D&D Adventurepages: 256publisher: Wizards of the Coastpub. date: 2018-09-18By Rpg Team WizardsISBN: 9780786966264format: Hardcoverseries: D&D Adventurepages: 256publisher: Wizards of the Coastpub. date: 2018-11-20                                                                                                                                                                                    0136113-284bc4de65c0c87589068e51ef7a5708.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017246 00000000000 015001  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        On his blog today, British Cycling president Brian Cookson confirmed that there will be a women’s stage race in the UK in 2014. Guy Elliott of SweetSpot is the man driving forward the initiative to bring a world-class women’s tour to the UK. He told us of his ambitions for the event and where the planning and preparation currently stands.

“There’s not a great deal to tell you,” says Guy Elliott over the phone from SweetSpot Group’s HQ in Weybridge, Surrey, and then goes on to talk enthusiastically for almost 30 minutes about his plans for a five-day women’s race in May 2014 and the likely shape and philosophy of the race.

What’s in a name?

The race will simply be called The Women’s Tour, says Elliot. It won’t be the Women’s Tour of Britain because British Cycling owns the rights to the name of the men’s tour, and the race he’s planning “is not a tour of Britain yet, but our ambition is to move it up to be a Tour of Britain.”

What Elliot and SweetSpot Group have in mind for the race’s first year, though, is a five-day event in East Anglia and the East Midlands. The vital element they believe they can bring is TV coverage.

“We have already been in discussion with TV and we are confident of having extensive coverage. We don’t want to say which station but we believe that will be a game-changer because we will have daily significant TV coverage.”

With coverage comes the kind of visibility you can sell to sponsors and to local councils hungry to make a favourable impression.

Receptive local authorities is one of the reasons for heading east, Elliott says. “It’s an area that has not been visited so frequently by the men’s Tour of Britain, but there’s a great appetite for cycling from the local councils. For example we get great support from Colchester for the Tour Series; last year the start of the Tour of Britain was in Ipswich.”

This region should also help keep the race interesting from a sporting point of view.

Elliott says: “We want to make sure that to start with the race is on flattish or undulating courses and in future years we will move towards more hilly region. We don’t want the race to be decided over one mountain with someone having five minutes lead.”

The Merry month of May

Securing a date turned out not to be trivial, says Elliott, because although there are not as many women’s events as there once were, the calendar is still fairly full. SweetSpot has applied to the UCI for one of two slots in May.

“It’ll be five days, starting on a Wednesday and finishing on a Sunday. We’re exploring whether we have a prologue and four stages but realistically we think we’ll have five stages. To make it cost-effective and attractive for councils you want to start in one town and finish in another,” he says.

Why a separate race?

If it’s that hard to find a standalone slot, why not just bolt it on to the men’s Tour of Britain?

The answer is a combination of logistics and philosophy.

“I’ve been talking to Emma Pooley and we’re very supportive of her agenda to push women’s sport forward, but the first thing you need to recognise is that in the UK we have a very different cycling environment from the Tour de France,” says Elliott.

“For the Tour the roads close at least three hours before the race, and you have an environment where the public totally expects it. Every junction has a gendarme and people sitting by the side of the road, so you have effectively a sterile area where it may be possible to put on a women’s race. I don’t want to comment further on the Tour de France logistics though.

“In England we are operating a rolling road closure in a 20-minute bubble. To make that work we use every single resource at our disposal, every single police motorbike and national escort group motorbike just to run the men’s stage. It would just be physically impossible to put a women’s race an hour ahead of that.

“When we run the Women’s tour there will 100 riders and that means a race entourage of 400 people, so just that means it would be impossible for us to do [a combined race] in England.”

Women not second best

But it’s not just about the dull but vital logistics of support motorbikes and road closures. Elliott believes that a standalone race gives the chance to showcase women’s cycling as a great event in its own right.

“When you look at women’s sport, from the minute women enter adolescence they are treated as second best. So you have Wimbledon and the women’s final is on the Saturday. One of the agendas we want to wrap around our Women’s Tour is that they’re not second best so they should be treated in their own right as athletes.

“We want to run a separate women’s tour, one for logistics reasons, but two we think we should create our own package around women having their own event.”

Elliott says that philosophy has gone down well with the riders he has spoken to.

Four-star hotels and podium hoopla

“We have been told by all the women in the peloton, that if we’re televised, which we will be, if we offer a good prize list, but more importantly if we run a race where they are treated as proper athletes, with finishes in town centres not in out of town areas, they will come over.”

“I went to a Dutch race where I was sitting in the town centre and you wouldn’t have known there was a UCI stage race going on, and 2km outside the town the women’s race finished. They stay in very low grade hotels or bed and breakfasts. We are going to finish in town centres; we are going to pay equal prize money to the equivalent men’s race; we’re going to put them in four-star hotels and surround them with the same number of motorbikes.

“All the towns, all the flashy podium presentations will be geared around the women’s race and not the women just turning up before the main event arrives.”

Independent race sponsorship

A third reason is that getting financial support for a standalone race is a better sell.

“To run the women’s race over five days our budget is something £1.5 million. To raise that from sponsors we need to sell them the fact that this is something unique and game-changing. We’re going to surround it with a women’s sport festival, get the riders to engage with local schools, and things like that.

“That’s what’s turning on all the councils and potential sponsors. If you said ‘we are going to run them an hour ahead of the men’s race’ we’d struggle to get that support.”

You get the sense that Guy Elliott is a man used to keeping lots of plates spinning at once, dealing as he is with the UCI, numerous possible start and finish towns, the athletes he plans to bring and the TV companies that will be vital to the event’s success.

But it if all comes together, it could be a heck of a show.

“We are planning to take each stage to an old-fashioned county and give each stage its own theme around the county, like Cambridge with the spires and punting on the Cam and so package the race for TV.”

And that TV coverage won’t just focus on the race. Just as Tour de France coverage has elements of a three-week tourism slot for France and its regions, so the coverage of the Women’s Tour will reflect the host towns, but also the characters and stories of the riders themselves.

“Our plan is to get an hour’s TV coverage each day,” says Elliott. “20-30 minutes of that might be focussing on the riders and their stories, what goes on behind the scenes, how to get into the sport and maybe 30 minutes on the actual racing.

“There are wider stories around this race, like Lucy Garner having gone to Holland aged 18 to be a pro cyclist, and how her boyfriend is a cycling champion too. There are some very attractive things for TV.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136139-bbf6eb725227bd2d7ee1282fd5f03e0b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002736 00000000000 015332  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        SILICON VALLEY -- Apple will likely take three years between full-model changes of its iPhone devices, a year longer than the current cycle. In a typical two-year term, fall 2016 was supposed to see a major upgrade. But the changes on the model to be launched this autumn will be minor, such as improved camera quality.

The move is largely due to smartphone functions having little room left for major enhancements. A slowing market is another factor.

Less frequent redesigns will significantly affect large-lot suppliers in Japan, Taiwan and other parts of Asia because of their heavy reliance on iPhone manufacturing.

The new version slated for this autumn will look almost identical to the current iPhone 6. Functions such as the camera, water resistance and battery capacity will likely be improved, and the headphone jack will be removed. Also, a high-end version of the model will give users better-quality photo capabilities via correction functions.

Apple sold some 230 million handsets in 2015, but unit sales will likely be less this year. According to Apple's production schedules provided to suppliers, the company is not expecting to sell more iPhones than last year.

On the other hand, the 2017 model will likely involve major enhancements and design changes, including adoption of an organic electroluminescent display. The new device will also be able to create more complex tactile vibrations on the display because of a tiny, but high-performance motor equipped inside.

(Nikkei)                                  0136203-310d8e884ccbc14aef764a309256851c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005707 00000000000 015033  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        If you thought the scandal between Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling and his estranged girlfriend V. Stiviano couldn't get sleazier, guess again.

Now the conflicts between Sterling and Stiviano have been turned into a scene for CuckoldSessions.com, a porn website specializing in videos where white men are forced to watch their girlfriends have sex with African-American men.

The video features Raven Bay as Stiviano and Nina Hartley as Shelly Sterling as they connive to get even with the controversial billionaire.

Stiviano lures Sterling to a sleazy motel for sex, but the billionaire doesn't get hot sex.

Instead, she and Shelly Sterling have sex with a black basketball player while Donald Sterling is forced to watch.

Billy Watson, the scene's director, told HuffPost Weird that the idea of a porn parody came up shortly after TMZ published the recorded conversations between Stiviano and Sterling.

"I listened to that tape and thought, 'This guy is a cuckold. He gets off on his girl getting it on with other guys,'" Watson said. "Maybe [our version] is a documentary."

To play Sterling, Watson cast James Bartholet, an actor who has appeared in mainstream TV shows like General Hospital and the 1980s teen sex comedy "Last American Virgin" as well as various porn parodies.

Even though filming the scene took about six hours, Bartholet prepared for the role in advance by watching videos of Sterling in hopes of matching his voice, his walk and his look.

"To be honest, the wig helped," he told HuffPost. "Once I got that, I worked my way into the character. I had to make him real, three-dimensional and, I don't want to say likeable, but tolerable."

Videos and photos can only go so far, he admits.

"There was nothing on the Internet on how he looks or sounds during sex," Bartholet said. "So I had to figure out how he would orgasm."

Bartholet also pushed Hartley and Bay to really humiliate him.

"'Don't be afraid to abuse me,' I said. 'It will help the character,'" Bartholet said.

Bay had her own challenges in playing Stiviano. While Bay came to the set in an outfit similar to one of Stiviano's, it needed a little something extra.

"Right before one scene, James told me, 'You have to put on more jewelry. You have to remember: It's not you anymore,'" Bay told HuffPost.

All the actors supplied their own wardrobe, but Jovan Jordan, the actor who played the basketball player, got especially lucky.

Major corporations, like the NBA, frown on their logos appearing in porn films. However, because the Los Angeles Clippers chose to wear their shirts inside out before one playoff game, it made it easy for the 6-foot-6-inch actor to look authentic.

Watson is happy with the final result, but admits it still pales compared to the real-life Sterling scandal.

"This thing has been so skeevy that maybe it's the one time when porn couldn't make it sleazier," he said.

The (barely) SFW trailer appears below.

Like Us On Facebook |

Follow Us On Twitter |

Contact The Author                                                         0136198-69a98a7a1ff3a40a4462534a4b6fcb15.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004101 00000000000 015104  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Clinton campaign has a little rocket booster that's probably kept stored in a small case near the entrance to its Brooklyn headquarters. It's labeled "Joe Biden backers," and as soon as the vice president announces that he doesn't plan to run for president -- assuming he doesn't, of course -- Team Clinton can break it out, fire it up, and widen the lead over Bernie Sanders by another couple of points.

It's actually good news for Sanders that this is even worth talking about. Three months ago, a jolt of five percentage points or so was like inheriting a framed photo of your great aunt along with her $20 million estate: certainly nice, but not what you're focused on. Now, with Sanders still apparently building support and solidifying the backing of those who once favored Elizabeth Warren, a few more percentage points seems like it might make a bit more of a difference.

Two recent polls, one from The Post/ABC News and one from Fox News, show that a Democratic field without Biden would mean a lot more for Hillary Clinton than Sanders.

In the Post/ABC poll, Clinton gains a net three points. In the Fox poll, it's plus-seven.

Margins of error apply, of course, but there's reason to think that this is what will happen once you dive into the numbers.

In the Fox poll, Biden backers looked a lot more like Clinton ones: More heavily non-white, more heavily without a college degree, and more heavily with lower incomes. As our own Chris Cillizza wrote earlier Thursday, there is considerably more overlap between establishment-oriented candidates like Biden and Clinton than between Biden and his former Senate colleague.



That mirrors what the Post/ABC poll found when it asked Biden backers where they were going. More than two-thirds said Clinton was their second choice -- but more heavily among the groups listed above.

All that needs to happen for those backers to switch their allegiances is for Biden, once and for all, to make up his mind if he's going to run. Clinton probably has a staffer positioned next to the rocket booster case, ready to break the glass at a moment's notice.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0136226-7cc06a6eb45d81a68d4a819bd9327c66.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006556 00000000000 015135  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Hi-Point Firearms , also known as Strassell's Machine, Inc (distributed by MKS Supply ), is an American firearms manufacturer based in Mansfield , Ohio . All of their firearms are manufactured in the United States, in several different locations in Ohio.

Pistols Edit

A Hi-Point JCP pistol

Hi-Point semi-automatic pistols are polymer framed and generally regarded as simple, inexpensive handguns, which trade-off aesthetics for lower manufacturing cost. Based on a simple blowback design, Hi-Point pistols do not have a breech-locking system like most handguns. Instead they have large, heavy slides that hold the breech closed through sheer mass. The result is a heavier gun, for its size, that is bulkier and may be less aesthetically appealing than designs employing recoil operation. While making the pistols heavier, this design also makes them mechanically simple and easy to maintain. Hi-Point recommends hosing out the action with a powder solvent like Break Free Powder Blast, Rem Oil or another aerosol solvent every 300 to 400 rounds, then running a cleaning brush through the bore.

Many semi-automatic pistols can be field stripped without the use of any tools. However, Hi-Point pistols require a small punch or a small screwdriver and a hammer to remove a pin in the receiver, in order to permit slide removal (and thus enable field-stripping).

The slide is die cast from a zinc-family alloy that includes aluminum, magnesium, and copper and is called Zamak-3 (popularly referred to as pot metal or white metal) rather than machined from forged steel. When asked why die-casting was chosen as a manufacturing technique, a Hi-Point representative responded, "In the area of Ohio where we are located, there are many shops that specialize in die casting for the auto industry. We utilize this resource."[1] Uncommon for this construction, they are rated for +P ammunition in calibers up to .45 ACP. Blowback designs are generally simpler in design and easier and cheaper to manufacture than locked-breech recoil-operated firearms. Though the fixed barrel of a blowback gun generally will contribute to improved accuracy, blowback guns often are larger and heavier for a given caliber.

Carbines Edit

The Hi-Point carbine is a series of pistol-caliber carbines manufactured by Hi-Point Firearms chambered, for 9×19mm Parabellum, .40 S&W, 10mm Auto, .45 ACP and .380 ACP handgun cartridges. They are very inexpensive, constructed using polymers and alloyed metals as much as possible, resulting in a reduction of production costs and sale price. It functions via a simple direct blowback action. Hi-Point carbines use a polymer stock, stamped sheet metal receiver cover, and a receiver and bolt cast from Zamak-3. The barrel is steel and button rifled using a 1-10" right hand twist.

Reputation Edit

Hi-Point carbines have a generally better overall reputation than the pistol line, although the pistol line has been gaining popularity as of late, and are fairly popular with budget-minded firearms enthusiasts.[2]

Use of zinc alloy Edit

Some people are wary of Hi-Points because of the use of zinc alloy (Zamak-3) castings in much of their construction. However, parts made from Zamak-3 in Hi-Point guns (the receiver and bolt/slide) are low-stress components that do not require the strength of steel. Higher stress components in Hi-Points, like the barrel, chamber, breech and other small parts, are made of steel.                                                                                                                                                  0136181-4299c63cc85915d805c87be4433c620d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001464 00000000000 014710  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Canada's Kount and London's James Gent link up to drop off "The Sum" via BLVNT Records . While it is an instrumental track, it's just dripping with soul and speaks to me more than most lyrical laden songs do these days. It begins with some flighty plucks of the guitar accompanied by exploratory strokes of the ivories before erupting into a smorgasbord of only the grooviest synths backed by dense, clean drums falling in a classic hip hop pattern. The ghostly vocals elevate the tracks potential to evoke longing, but it feels like a more self-assured longing than a desperate one. It seems to be acknowledging a sense of seclusion while also inspiring hope for salvation from that seclusion. You can stream the track below or, if you feel so inspired, you can name your own price and get the download over at Bandcamp                                                                                                                                                                                                            0136209-94378aca3a3346dd77a676efeaf8ffc0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013106 00000000000 015350  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Pin +1 0 Shares

Don’t think of the white bear.

If you’re like most people, you are now probably sitting in front of your computer screen or phone doing exactly what you were just instructed not to do — thinking of a white bear. In fact, you are probably fixating on the white bear. Certainly, if you weren’t thinking of the white bear before, you are now.

This laser-like focus on the exact idea I instructed you to block out results from what researchers refer to as the ironic process theory, or more simply, the white bear effect. In a seminal research study, participants were asked to verbalize their stream of consciousness and not think about a white bear. Despite these explicit instructions, not only did participants have difficulty suppressing thoughts of the forbidden white bear, but the white bear surfaced with an unusually high frequency.1 This idea relates to relationships as well. After breaking up with a significant other, you may make a conscious effort to avoid thinking about him/her. However, in doing that, you wind up focusing on your ex, which is exactly what you intended not to do in the first place.

A breakup can be an incredibly painful experience. Even if you are emotionally detached from your partner by the time you break up, you loved him/her at one point, and ending the relationship will typically cause you to experience a sense of loss. Importantly, there are many variables than can affect the amount of emotional distress you experience due to this loss, such as the quality and length of the newly ended relationship, as well as how you perceived that relationship.2 For example, if you two were friends before becoming romantically involved, the loss of the relationship will be much more difficult to deal with.

So how can we forget about our ex and why do we care about white bears?

Basically, do not force yourself to avoid thinking about your ex, lest you fall prey to the classic white bear effect. While it is easy to get rid of tangible items, such as a gift or his/her sweatshirt, thoughts are more challenging to remove. If you make the conscious decision to not think about your ex, your former significant other is likely to invade your thoughts. It is best to keep busy and naturally distract yourself with other, more pleasant thoughts. More concretely, Wegner suggests several therapeutic ideas for “setting the bears free” 3 which are listed below, many of which may come in handy as you work on recovering from that prior relationship you just can’t seem to forget about (no matter how hard you try). Some of the recommendations are contradictory to one another, because the techniques that work best vary from person to person.

Focused distraction – Think of something else, such as a hobby or activity that you enjoy doing when your ex comes to mind. This will help by shifting focus to areas that may enable you cope with the break-up.

Think of something else, such as a hobby or activity that you enjoy doing when your ex comes to mind. This will help by shifting focus to areas that may enable you cope with the break-up. Stress and load avoidance – Stress hinders your ability to suppress the unwanted thoughts. Try to avoid stressful situations if at all possible, especially situations in which your ex is likely to be present.

Stress hinders your ability to suppress the unwanted thoughts. Try to avoid stressful situations if at all possible, especially situations in which your ex is likely to be present. Thought postponement – It is easier to put off thinking about something on a temporary basis. Being overly ambitious and permanently suppressing a thought is likely to lead to failure. 3 So focus on avoiding your ex’s social media accounts for a few days at a time, rather than permanently. This is much more manageable.

It is easier to put off thinking about something on a temporary basis. Being overly ambitious and permanently suppressing a thought is likely to lead to failure. So focus on avoiding your ex’s social media accounts for a few days at a time, rather than permanently. This is much more manageable. Acceptance and commitment – This approach offers “…strategies for reducing the emotional impact of the thought by changing perspectives or adopting special approaches to the thought in the attempt to neutralize its affective charge.” 3 Here, you don’t force yourself to not think about your ex, but rather train yourself to handle these thoughts in a more effective way.

In closing, Wegner notes, “Many of these strategies entail thinking about and accepting unwanted thoughts rather than suppressing them—and so, setting free the bears.”3 So, go ahead, think about your ex, and in doing so, set him/her free.

1Wegner, D. M., Schneider, D. J., Carter, S., & White, L. (1987). Paradoxical effects of thought suppression. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 53, 5–13.

2Sprecher, S., Felmlee, D., Metts, S., Fehr, B., & Vanni, D. (1998). Factors associated with distress following the breakup of a close relationship. Journal of Social and Personal Relationships, 15(6), 791-809.

3Wegner, D.M. (2011). Setting free the bears: Escape from thought suppression. American Psychologist, 66(8), 671-680.

Dr. Marisa Cohen

Marisa, along with a colleague at St. Francis College, founded the Self-Awareness and Bonding Lab (SABL) in Fall 2014. Research has focused on the development of relationships throughout the life span, including factors influencing mate choice and peoples’ perceptions of what makes relationships survive and thrive. Her specific focus is on how various relationship configurations impact the satisfaction derived from them.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136197-8c86d04d96dfdc2b5669bc6154fd1b65.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014626 00000000000 015226  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The librarian of Congress, James H. Billington, has made a smart decision to retire. Now the focus will be on his legacy and his prescient decision, decades ago, to usher the library into the digital age. Rumors of dysfunction in top circles will fade, as will growing concerns about whether the 86-year-old, who has seemed to falter in some recent public appearances, is up to the job. The last responsibility of anyone who holds a lifetime office is to know when to leave, and Billington, who has served the library for 27 years, can now leave graciously.

Library insiders said Billington, who was appointed by Ronald Reagan, was reluctant to depart while a Democratic president was in office. His concern is reasonable. President Obama’s administration has a bumpy record when it comes to culture writ large. Obama allowed the top leadership positions at the major endowments, including the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities, to sit unfilled for unconscionably long periods. An early top staff appointment to the NEA, Yosi Sergant, attempted to politicize the agency’s agenda. In 2013, the president elevated Bruce Cole, a divisive and obstructionist figure who led the NEH during the George W. Bush administration, to the commission overseeing the Eisenhower Memorial, greatly complicating its completion. And one of his last acts — still under consideration — may be his most irresponsible: the destruction of historic public parkland in Chicago to build a presidential library. This indifference to the public realm, this unwillingness to grasp the levers of culture as one of the essential tools of office, suggests that Obama is no Jack Kennedy. He isn’t even George W. Bush.

It will be overwhelmingly tempting to appoint a hack, as has become shamefully commonplace with Obama’s politically motivated diplomatic appointments. The administration should look dispassionately to Billington’s tenure before nominating his replacement, including everything he has accomplished and the many things that have fallen by the wayside in the past few years. A recent government report indicates that although Billington was at the forefront of digitizing library collections years ago, the library hasn’t kept up with technology and desperately needs new oversight in that department.

But Billington was a scholar and an intellectual, and he positioned the library not just as a repository of information but also as a locus of debate and cultural exchange. If there has been mismanagement at the library in recent years, it is not because of Billington’s status as a thinker but more likely his temperament as a leader. The library’s next head should have the intellectual gravitas to compete on the world stage.

One might say: “Then look to this country’s major universities and appoint an academic administrator.” But our universities are in disarray, egregiously overpriced and interested only in organizational expansion, not in communities of learning or the humanities. The ideal of service has been bled out of American higher education, and the words “university president” now mean merely “effective fundraiser.” Their failure to make college affordable is an intellectual and civic disgrace and disqualifies most of them from consideration.

There may be city librarians out there who can lead the library forward, perhaps one or two. But it would be a mistake to elevate someone from the library world merely for having demonstrated success at rising through the bureaucratic ranks. A city librarian might be able to manage the budget and repair relations with library staff. Very likely, that same figure would be skilled at carrying on Billington’s admirable effort to open the library up to new users through online access. But that is insufficiently ambitious for the nation’s greatest archive.

Where should the library be today? Perhaps where Google already is, at least in this respect: Isn’t it odd that the nation’s most august library plays such an insignificant role in giving people deep online access to books? No one looking for a citation, or searching for a fact, or seeking to download a text wastes time with the Library of Congress’s Web site, which is great for idly surfing for pictures and placing requests for material in the reading rooms. But it isn’t a portal for scholarship.

It should be. Every word on every page of every public-domain book sitting in the Library of Congress should be available online. That’s a lot to ask, but why ask for less?

So perhaps interest will shift to someone from Silicon Valley, which is a chilling thought. Again, as with the ranks of city librarians, there may be serious intellectual leaders among our new technocratic elites, but they are increasingly encumbered with a lamentable legacy of social dissolution. They gibber endlessly about innovation while dismantling the social contract; they fetishize disruption as if that were an end in itself. It would be a tragedy for the library if its leader were primarily interested in change without regard to improvement, and in efficiency without deference to tradition. Silicon Valley is in its barbaric adolescence, and the library needs a civilized, mature and compassionate steward.

Walk its halls, spend time in its reading rooms. The library is a rare remnant of an earlier version of the American social compact, serving Congress without regard to partisan passion, open and available to ordinary citizens for research and enlightenment, no matter one’s institutional affiliation, educational achievement or social status. On the personal and national level, it is an organ of self-improvement. Its staff is second to none when it comes to service. A search engine is capable of many things, but it will never walk over to your reading desk and say with curmudgeonly impatience: “You didn’t request this, but perhaps it will be of use.”

So Billington was properly chary of what will follow his retirement on Jan. 1. A great institution, which has had only 13 leaders since it was established in 1800, is ready for and desperately in need of change. But it also needs continuity and protection. Whoever is chosen for the post must be deeply accomplished, intellectually renowned, conversant in poetry, music, history, literature and the classics, and intimately familiar with the past and future of library science. But they must also be able to say these words with sincerity: “I love the Library of Congress.”                                                                                                          0136096-bf59e314d497ddf5903b93c878f2f819.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000040127 00000000000 015101  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As “Freedom and Whisky” is such a female-centric episode, it isn’t surprising that Outlander’s fifth segment of its third season, already full of anxiety and anticipation, focuses on its female characters struggling both internally and externally with their own sense of worth and identity. Reflecting the tendency most women have to question whether they are worthy of the choices they have fought for or are presented with, regardless of work or accomplishment, writer Toni Graphia’s textured and thoughtful script leads each to the ultimate question of “Am I enough? Am I worth all the work and risk and sacrifice?” Even today, Helen Mirren and L’Oreal must remind us that “We’re still worth it” after forty-four years.

When we first see Claire, she is performing surgery in an operating theater, a tightly shot scene emphasizing the tiny vacuum in which she can feel in complete control of her staff and patient. Assisting her is Dr. Abernathy, who gently but firmly debates her decision to probe the patient’s abdominal cavity further for necrosis. As a surgeon, her success depends as much on feeling as seeing, and even a perilous point in the surgery, Claire’s confidence emanates through her fingers navigating the slippery innards for abnormalities.

Unlike Frank, who thrived in the world of students and academia, Claire’s career has been a more intrapersonal journey of careful, structured steps towards self-initiated goals in a controlled environment. In a way, even though she may not have been the most available mother, time-wise, her professional trajectory has often mirrored her daughter’s educational journey through grade school, both women unafraid to enter realms usually dominated by men at the time: Claire with her surgical work, Brianna with her studies at Harvard and outdoor skills as seen in photographs. Though they had their differences and struggled to have a close, honest relationship through Brianna’s teenage years, both mother and daughter possessed a tenacious, stubborn temperament and an almost unsettled sense of place in the world that keeps them always striving for answers. As Brianna enters young adulthood, so does she struggle with a sense of home and family, as Claire did but for different reasons, further exemplifying why she is, utmost, her mother’s daughter. As she tells Claire late in the episode, she had been wondering if she was more Randall or Fraser, ultimately realizing that she was “more you” – not in looks or experiences as much as how both women face their own distinct journeys in life. In that respect, they more closely resemble each other than if they were physically identical.

When we first see Brianna, she is listening to her history professor’s lecture about the commonly accepted tale of Paul Revere in history, which attributed more heroics and praise to the patriot than was actually due. The difference in Revere and the other men he rode with, William Dawes and Samuel Prescott, according to the professor, was that the former “had a better publicist.” It may not be the world’s oldest profession, but public relations has been one of the most important since the advent of writing, and whoever controls the creation and distribution of information holds sway over public perception. With the Gutenberg press around 1440 came wider and easier mass publication, but whoever decided to print what and why were largely subjective; even 400 years later, women still had to adopt male pseudonyms to get published. Historical accounts of notable persons or events vary depending on the research, opinions, politics, allegiances, and style of the author. It is often up to the reader to discern “fictional prose” from reality with a critical eye and the ability and desire to dig beneath the surface. Graphia directly ties the classroom scene to Brianna’s crisis of faith in and self-image as the reality she had accepted is suddenly dismantled by discovering, as all children do, that her mother had a life before her. For most of us, it is jarring enough to get to that age where our parents feel comfortable sharing stories of the mayhem of youth, but for Brianna, her revelation comes with the realization that, like her mother, she is also an Other, at once inside and outside her world, a lonely position for one so young. It’s like taking the red pill but remaining in a society firmly entrenched in the Matrix, and the transition back to life in Boston is no longer like returning home.

Fortunately, Claire has a friend in Joe Abernathy, who is an Other in his own life as an African-American professional in the medical field. He knows what it is like to be simultaneously inside and outside the establishment, to work twice as hard for half the recognition, to fight to be treated equally. The connection they share both as colleagues and friends is to recognize the precious opportunity to choose one’s path; as Claire tells Joe of her past love in Scotland with whom she had hoped to reconnect, he counters by demanding she take charge of the situation. “Fuck fate,” he bluntly says, and he’s right. Neither of them reached their personal milestones through chance, but by the careful choices they made and the work they put in.

Brianna’s friendship with Roger Wakefield also deepens through their unstable family histories. To borrow a phrase on the history professor’s chalkboard, both have backgrounds like a “fragmented kaleidoscope,” with Roger knowing only pieces of his birth parents’ lives and still grieving his adopted father and Brianna learning her real father is of another time and is still alive and that the man she called Daddy was not her blood relative. With the death of the Reverend Wakefield, that desperate fear of the orphan in being alone is brought to the surface, while the death of Frank Randall and existence of James Fraser leave Brianna with a confused sense of identity and worth. Like a kaleidoscope, both Brianna’s and Roger’s self-image and history changes depending on perspective shifts, and she has not had the time to get used to her new reality as he has, thus her feelings are much more sensitive and prickly.

When I saw the inside of the Randall home at Christmas, my initial reaction was that it looked too much like a set dressing. Everything was too matchy-matchy and immaculate like a magazine spread. Then I realized that Jon Gary Steele’s team deliberately made it look that way in reflection of Claire’s type-A personality: the decor is literally everywhere from the refrigerator door to garland around the framed paintings (including the beach scene next to the fireplace!). How many women STILL aspire for their homes to resemble Pottery Barn or Southern Living or Better Homes? In Claire’s case, she wants to give Brianna that sense of home that she never had as a child, but there is that underlying sense of artifice that comes from not truly embracing the house as an extension of self. As Frank said, she was never there. Claire’s office at the hospital is more self-reflective than her living room as it is where her sense of worth is most explicit and confident, and her holiday decorations are pristine and perfect (even the wrapped presents under the tree match) almost to the point of coldness, as if you shouldn’t touch anything.

Two intelligences both mother and daughter share (if you ascribe to Howard Gardner’s theory) are kinesthetic-tactile and spatial, as exhibited in their tendency to 1) investigate through touch and 2) intuitively spot invisible and visible structures. As she has now lived in two different eras, Claire will always see the invisible circuitry that constructs whatever society she is in, and both her personal and professional progress come from navigating that circuitry. As we have seen and heard in her expository voiceovers over the last three seasons, Claire’s childhood explorations with her Uncle Lamb, her experiences as a field medic during World War II, her life in Scotland with Jamie, and her studies and work in medicine have honed her dexterity to the point where she can sense through touch, as when she holds a skull and can tell the original human was murdered because “she felt like it.” Brianna’s isolation at home after her father dies and her mother is immersed in work is seen as she walks through the empty but beautiful rooms at home, pausing only to feel the fabric of Frank’s armchair and hold his pipes, still scented with tobacco. Her isolation at school is seen through failing grades in the semester after Scotland, but it also has enabled her to see “truth” in the architecture of the buildings on campus and the interdependency of materials and laws of physics to form such structures. As she questions the subjectivity of her humanities courses, she finds comfort in the fields where more scientific laws apply.

There is a crucial conversation Brianna and Roger have while walking about the Robinson cloisters at Harvard that illuminates her current life crisis in all its complexity. Roger envisions all the notable people who have trod those stone walkways in past decades and centuries: John Adams, Teddy Roosevelt, John Kennedy. Men who have influenced government and society, who have enriched history books with their career milestones and speeches and writings, whose publicists worked overtime to ensure their biographies were ubiquitous and inspiring. Standing underneath the archways before attending a dedication of a fellowship in Frank Randall’s name, there is one person who is omitted from Roger’s list: Claire, who walked alone into the school with background knowledge from two separate centuries. Brianna is just beginning to realize the extent of her mother’s extraordinary life, and how much she is inevitably like her.

The one scene at Frank’s reception in which his mistress, Professor Travers, confronts Claire about Frank seems to mirror and crystallize Claire’s fear of no longer being enough for Jamie (which she later confesses to Brianna). Though inappropriate and rude, Travers’ condemnation of Claire, who she perceives as selfish and cruel to a husband who still loved her, reveals her sense of inadequacy and inferiority in Frank’s life. No matter how hard she tried, she could not sway him against his family, and she “had to share him” for many years. Of course, to believer her is to assume that Frank could not have left of his own volition, that he was ensnared by a she-devil who manipulated his faculties against his own happiness. Frank was given multiple opportunities to leave, but Brianna was the glue that adhered him to Claire. Sandy faced the difficult choice of staying with a married man over forfeiting love and reclaiming independence, and her jealousy may be more over Claire’s perceived worth to Frank over hers rather than a direct hate of the missus.

As Claire faces the unenviable choice of whether to travel back to the past or stay with Brianna, she unusually places the burden in her daughter’s hands, as if sacrificing her future for her daughter’s wellbeing. If Brianna had told her to stay, she would have stayed. She had already told Roger that she “could have lived the rest of [her] life not knowing.” However, Brianna’s reaction reminded me of a line from the 2002 film Secretary, directed by Steven Shainberg and adapted by Erin Cressida Wilson from the short story “Bad Behavior” by Mary Gaitskill:

“You are the child of God’s holy gift of life. You come from me, but you are not me. Your soul and your body are your own, and yours to do with as you wish.”

Brianna tells Claire, “I love you, but I don’t need you.” Should Claire stay, she would become an increasingly peripheral part in Brianna’s burgeoning adult life; such passivity would eventually wear her down. Even Joe could see she had been living a “half-life” and that incompleteness would become more vivid if she let her time apart from Jamie grow longer. Without knowing it, she has been preparing Brianna for this moment all her life. Both Frank and Claire taught Brianna self-reliance and she has inherited both her mother’s intuition, her birth father’s perseverance, and her adopted father’s inquisitiveness. Moreover, as an adult, she returns her mother’s sacrifice by giving Jamie back to her, even if it means they might never see each other again. The initial anxiety and doubt she had felt at first learning of her true parentage and her mother’s past in the first episode of Season Two comes full circle here as her question of her true worth to all three parents is finally answered. Claire says that she was “the one thing that was truly important to Frank,” and she was the reason that Jamie insisted on Claire going back to the 1940s and that Claire agreed. In essence, Brianna enabled all three adults to go on living.

Once the decision is made for Claire to return, new anxieties spring up: not in how she will survive or make her way to Edinburgh, but whether Jamie will still remember and love her after two decades, and if so, is she worthy of such feelings and the sacrifice of so many years apart? It is a question every woman faces at some point: am I worthy? Regardless of how much we become, there is still that ingrained fear of not being “enough” to everyone in our lives. When Claire asks Joe for his honest opinion of her looks and sexual appeal, it’s because he has seen her at her most vulnerable and most skilled, who can tell she needs to talk without looking at her, and who has probably spent more hours of each day with her than Frank over fifteen years. She isn’t used to asking for male opinions on her looks, and though she is not unattractive by any means, she has that fear of Jamie regarding her aging twenty years in a negative way compared to his memory of her which is frozen in time. The creation of the “Bat Suit” with its hidden pockets and waterproof material is therefore befitting her pragmatic temperament and inner resolve, as Claire must fulfill an intrinsic need to assume her singular existence as a figure both inside and outside society – in some respects, more human than human.

Before she leaves Brianna and Roger behind in Boston, Claire gives her daughter a final gift: not just her grandmother Ellen’s necklace, but a reminder of who she is and the memories contained in the pearls. They are a tangible part of the past that she is not only physically connected to by her conception but also spiritually as well. Roger’s present to Brianna is also connected to her search for her past, as the first sentence she reads aloud – in which Marley’s birth is confirmed by records of his death – connects to the ever-changing lines of history which now include her mother.

The final scene of Claire arriving in Edinburgh is connected through a transitional shot of a puddle, the “fathomless space” from her childhood which also reminded me of the water-horse at Loch Ness in Outlander and the concept of water as a medium of travel between planes and of transformation. Watch as Claire runs her fingers along the sign at A. Malcolm’s print shop and the smooth wood of the banister as she climbs the stairs, her feet solidly pounding each step as if to convince herself that each second continues to be real. The bell in the entryway is doubly loud as if in a vacuum or cave, and when Jamie finally, finally calls out “Is that you, Geordie?” it crackles through the air like lightning through a dark sky. As Claire looks down from the second-floor landing to the press room down below and Jamie Fraser standing with his back to her, it is as if she had jumped into a painting and was slowly watching the scene come alive by candlelight.

Of all the responses after twenty years, hers seems the most befitting of a woman at the end of a long journey in which much was accomplished and lost, a life was built and a child raised, and a mother and daughter both took leaps of faith. “It isn’t Geordie,” she replies, sucking the last of the air from the room as Jamie’s back tenses at her mystical voice, “It’s me, Claire.” With the shop lights forming a halo around her head, she seems almost ethereal as Jamie slowly turns to look up towards the sound. She is the superhero looking down on him. And I am Worthy. No wonder the man faints dead away.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136138-5066867ae521ab6275a026dff627e807.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000121044 00000000000 014701  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Bruce Dickinson - Iron Maiden Paul Bruce Dickinson, known professionally as Bruce Dickinson, is an English musician, airline pilot, and broadcaster. He is most well known for being the lead singer in heavy metal band Iron Maiden and his solo career. The legendary vocalist: Bruce Dickinson. Now in his mid-50's and he can still hit those incredible notes in almost every gig he plays. In many of his songs in Iron Maiden, Dickinson has showed his "scream" (most famously in Run to the Hills and Infinite Dreams) which is one of the most impressive vocal displays in metal. Dickinson's the best of this group, but too take this list more seriously, besides Dickinson, and Dio. Where is Robert Plant, Rob Halford, or Axl Rose?. I may have changed my choice if you had included them in the discussion. They are legends and Household names. Dickinson Mr. Air Raid Siren gets the nod here!. Rob Halford is literally number three and Robert Plant (he sucks) and Axl Rose are not even metal singers. - PhoenixAura81 Bruce Dickinson is the Greatest lead singer in the world his range I unbeatable. He is a great guy friends with major people is a singer, musician, songwriter, pilot, fencer, broadcaster, author, actor, marketing director, and certified badass and going to defeat cancer and send cancer to purgatory to deal with Eddie. Up The Irons Bruce Dickinson has definitely earned this spot! And to whoever we are not blind, we see very clearly. Dickinson is a vocal god and performer. And James Hetfield is just a poor wannabe like his group Metallica. V 134 Comments

Ronnie James Dio - Dio Ronnie James Dio (born Ronald James Padavona; July 10, 1942 – May 16, 2010) was an American heavy metal singer, songwriter and musician. He fronted and/or founded numerous groups including Elf, Rainbow, Black Sabbath, Dio and Heaven & Hell. He is credited with popularizing the "metal horns" hand gesture ...read more. Seeing Dio and Rob Halford not in the top 5 makes this list a complete joke. Dio is one of the greatest metal vocalists in music and has one of the most powerful and phenomenal voices of all time. Wrong Dio doesn't compare to Ozzy Osbourne, Dave Mustaine, or even Phil Anselmo. I can't believe that black sabbath ever even thought about him replacing - Jasonpenner223 "sing me a song your a singer" is the best opening line ever in a song mainly because Dio's voice makes it sound so much better. - wolphert Dio is a legend. He was incredible in Rainbow, when he sang Man on the silver mountain, Gates of Babylon, and Stargazer, Tony Iommi made a good choice for choosing Dio to be the vocalist for Black Sabbath, and he released amazing songs during his solo career. Holy Diver, Rainbow in the Dark, The Last in Line, We Rock, Sacred Heart, and Dream Evil. Dio should be #1 Dio's vocals are effortlessly delivered, just brilliant! V 114 Comments

Rob Halford - Judas Priest Robert John Arthur "Rob" Halford is an English singer and songwriter, who is best known as the lead vocalist for the Grammy Award-winning heavy metal band Judas Priest and famed for his powerful wide ranging operatic voice. It's not even close. come on. Halford is off the charts, then when you get to the charts, Dickinson is next. Just hear the difference between "Beyond the Realms of Death" and then "Painkiller".

Halford can sing with an extraordinarily clean voice, but can scream like no one else can do. He helped create metal, influenced lots of important singers and surely knows how to use his 4 octaves (though he is best at hitting high-pitched notes).

He truly deserves to be #1. The best! Rob Halford is number one. Others are too far away behind him in Metal and Rock Music in general. I love a lot of vocalists like Dio, Bruce Dickinson, Michael Kiske, Geoff Tate, Eric Adams... But no one can beat Halford in many aspects. Tim "Ripper" Owens is number two. Yeah man, you have to be in a popular band to be in the highest position. I understand, because some fans don't know. I believe that voting from professionals who are neutral rather than voting for certain fans who are popular will definitely win.

Rob vocal capabiliy is number one in Metal! V 73 Comments

James Hetfield - Metallica James Alan Hetfield was born on August 3, 1963. He is an American musician, singer and songwriter known for being the co-founder, lead vocalist, rhythm guitarist and main songwriter for the American heavy metal band Metallica. How come James is #1 in best metal/rock voices and in the best metal band of all time but he is #5 in metal voices? Still Bruce is second in my opinion still he has a extremely EPIC METAL voice but James is the best. You cannot beat James' metal vocal ability at seattle 1989. It was amazing! A big joke hetfield is at no 6... All the voters are blind.. Hetfield can sing hard medium and soft both like hard in creeping death, master of puppets.. Medium in ride welcome home, enter sandman and slow in unforgiven 2, nothing else matter.. He is best live performer... Metallica is best band of the world and they are god of metal... Hetfield deserve 1st position in this list... He is best vocalist + rhythm guitarist and member of Metallica.. Name of Metallica is enough... The God of Metal is Tony Iommi who invented Metal in fact. Metallica formed ten years later. - Roach I will not rest until this vocal god gets on the top of the list! - PhoenixAura81 V 81 Comments

Corey Taylor - Slipknot Corey Todd Taylor was born in December 8, 1973. He is an American musician, author, and actor best known as the lead singer and lyricist of the Nu-metal band Slipknot and hard rock/alternative metal band Stone Sour. His voice just raise up my spirit! - ShamsulBahriel Corey's scream is as close as you can get without actually yelling and ruining your voice. Given how angry slipknot's music is, listening makes for a very immersive experience. You feel the genuine rage that the band feels, especially on Iowa. But what he is less known for, and underappreciated for, is his expressive singing. He has a distinct voice, one of the most distinct ever--very easy to pick out. He doesn't have a great range, but he sure knows how to use what he has. he sings with a lot of power. At least he has to be in the top 5. He's the best screamer their is.

Just listen to psychosocial, wherein lies continue, liberate for his highs and snuff, skin ticket, purity for his lows. He is AWESOME So... are we just going to ignore the fact that a 21 year old Japanese chick is ahead of Corey ’ Taylor? One of (if not the) best screamers, as well as the most talented at going from angry bark to monotone whispers at the snap of a finger? V 78 Comments

Ozzy Osbourne - Black Sabbath Is this the best vocalist list or our personal favourite vocalist list? When ozzy sings even bats cry Ozzy is awesome. By the way Ronnie James Dio should be on this list to Awesome crazy train shot in the dark and bark at the moon Its Ozzy F-ing Osbourne V 33 Comments

Suzuka Nakamoto - Babymetal Suzuka Nakamoto, known by her stage names Suzuka and Su-Metal, is a Japanese idol, singer and model. She is represented by the talent agency Amuse, Inc. and has been a member of three musical groups formed by the company: Karen Girl's, Sakura Gakuin, and Babymetal. For her age she has an unbelievable voice which will only improve over time and more training. Maybe for her age has good voice, but come on, don't tell how better than the fathers of the metal... Definitely needs to be on this list if we are being fair here. Amazing vocalist. She really needs to be on here. Her vocals are amazing. Should be number 1 80s vocalists are overrated and annoying You gotta be joking, lmfao. Her vocals are so heavily auto-tuned and overproduced. Even having her in the top 50 today is a joke. - bren12310 V 989 Comments

Michael Kiske - Helloween Michael Kiske is a singer best known as the former lead vocalist for the German power metal band Helloween. Some decent picks on here, but then a lot that are just vocalists in popular mainstream bands that aren't actually that talented. At least Bruce Dickinson is around where he should be. The problem with Kiske is that he's not actually done much with metal since Helloween. Although you should listen to Ultrasonic's Light of Dawn album. His voice has aged better than most as though he's been in suspended animation all of this time. Who doesn't know Michael Kiske, and if you don't you have been under a very large rock for the last 30 years, Kiske is a metal god with a range that no one can reach, those high notes he gets out of his golden throat are just godlike Matt Shadows? Corey? Who are they next to the great master Kiske? He is easily one of the best vocalists out there! Even Deris (who is an amazing vocalist as well) who entered in his place has some difficulties into singing the other vocalist songs. Just try to achieve the high noted of Eagle Fly Free, Halloween and a Tale That Wasn't Right, then you'll see what a real vocal master is. He has a good voice, but it sounds too similar to Bruce Dickinson’s. Hansi Kürsch is the better and best power metal vocalist. - PhoenixAura81 V 22 Comments

Phil Anselmo - Pantera Philip Hansen "Phil" Anselmo is an American musician who is best known as the former lead vocalist of the heavy metal band Pantera. He currently is the vocalist of heavy metal bands Down and Superjoint Ritual. Not much to say besides the fact that he should be way higher. Phil is the definition of a metal vocalist. He has the screams, the power, the soul, the distortion and the gut. When Phil sings I feel it in my bones, he was and always will be the perfect metal singer. Phil Anselmo is pound for pound the GREATEST METAL SINGER OF ALL TIME. There is absolutely no reason for him to not be in the number one spot. Name one other metal singer who has had a more consistent career of bringing the brutality that is metal to every performance. To this day he is still as bad ass as he ever was. He can still scream like a demon. There are others on this list who have blown their voices out and have changed their sound. Not Phil. If you are in doubt listen to one of his newest ventures - SCOUR Anger, Beauty and Awesomeness, those are his vocals. The coolest sounding vocalist in my opinion, which just makes the songs sound heavier, and just doper overall. He did used to hit the notes, just listen to Cemetery Gates, but then he went to a much more badass and cooler song. Top 5 Vocalist, AT LEAST. Ew what why the hell is a Babymetal singer above this guy?

Babymetal is not even good at all, and there is no way that they are better than pantera. V 44 Comments

Matt Heafy - Trivium Matthew "Matt" Kiichi Heafy is a Japanese-American musician, best known as the lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist of the Orlando based Heavy Metal/Metalcore band Trivium. 10 He was so good at ascendancy era. He could sing very high pitch such as pull harder, dying in your arms, declaration, departure. I like him when he sang high. Matt Heafy is not a trained vocalist. As a guitarist he his skilled enough, but his screaming abilities are good. He should placed within first 15. - Gupta I love to sing and my inspiration was Matt. I love his voice. I watched him live and its was absolutely amazing. I love every part of his voice. At 19, put out their best album, Ascendancy and the vocals were amazing. Crazy talent. V 11 Comments

The Newcomers

Warrel Dane

Jus Oborn

The Contenders

Joey Belladonna - Anthrax Joey Belladonna is the American Thrash Metal singer, best known for leading the band Anthrax. He also sings and drums for the cover band Chief Big Way. 11 Dude, seriously, only 25? What is all that baby metal crap? Hetfield, ozzy, mustaine, they are all legends. But they are in no possible way better than Joey. I mean, this man can reach high notes like a god. Don't believe me? Listen to the first part of armed and dangerous in the first buildup. Man those notes give me goosebumps every single time I absorb them. You'd have to be either deaf or totally ignorant to rank Hetfield or Mustaine above Joey. Hetfield isn't bad but Mustaine is a complete joke as a vocalist. Joey should be top 5 for sure. Dude why isn't he number 1? He can reach high notes like a monster. Babymetal should be nowhere near this list. - N4XUS V 5 Comments

James Labrie - Dream Theater Kevin James LaBrie is a Canadian vocalist and songwriter, who is best known as the lead singer of the American progressive metal band Dream Theater. 12 James is an amazing vocalist. He is severely overlooked in the rock world. Dream Theater songs are very hard to sing. He sings them so high and clear that it makes it look easy. The control he has over his voice is out of this world. He can go from belting, right back to a soft spoken serenade. He has incredible range and only seems to improve. The Astonishing is without a doubt some of his best work. Tremendous frontman as well. Always interacts with crowd, and exudes a joy and passion for what he is doing up there. Not even to mention his regiment for vocal ability. The running, diet, vitamins, etc. He devotes so much of his life to his ability to sing. So much respect for this guy. Rawk on James! He is good.. Geoff Tate? Noo... James LaBrie is the Progressive Metal vocal.. His vocal is unique... I don't know how to describe it, he is only for Dream Theater, Dream Theater just for him. The one and only, his vocal control... He has his own vocal style, if you are DT fans since their Image And Words album, maybe you can understand the beautiful of his voice.. Learning to Live, Another Day.. Peruvian Skies, Burning My Soul, Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence... Through My Her Eyes, The Spirit Carries On, To Live Forever, Lifting Shadow of A Dream.. He is the best progressive metal vocal. I think his vocal is versatile.. Cover other band songs like, Iron Maiden, Dio, Queen, Metallica, Pink Floyd, Deep Purple.. Listen to Tenement Funster; Flick of The Wrist; Lily of The Valley cover or Elton John songs, Funeral For A Friend Love Lies Bleeding cover... Or maybe Stargazer... Easy to say if you NOT a singer... But... Not easy to be James LaBrie... James LaBrie holds claim to one of metal's most celebrated clean voices. From Dream Theater's iconic album 'Images and Words,' this next high note is found on the record's final track, 'Learning to Live.' During this particular part of the song, LaBrie continues to ascend in pitch, teasing a magical high note which fans mentally beg LaBrie to hit. After the build-up, the vocalist finally reaches the desired peak before guitarist John Petrucci transitions into a new part of the song with a mind-bending solo. James is best V 16 Comments

Chuck Schuldiner - Death Charles Michael "Chuck" Schuldiner (1967-2001) was an American singer, songwriter, and guitarist, best known as the founder and vocalist, guitarist and bassist of the American heavy metal band Death. He is considered the most influential figure in Death Metal, with some publications referring to Chuck ...read more. 13 Best Death metal vocalist that I have ever heard. He should be, at the very least, within the top five! What is he doing down here? - LadyBanshee He has one of the craziest vocalists rates I have ever heard. If you don't believes me listen to the song Mutilation from the album scream bloody gore then listen to the song Painkiller on the album the sound of perseverance. You will be amazed. Listen to his cover of Painkiller, JESUS CHRIST Best singer and guitarist in my opinion, R.I.P Chuck! V 15 Comments

Geoff Tate - Queensryche Geoff Tate is a German-born American singer and musician who rose to fame in the 1980s with the progressive metal band Queensrÿche. 14 Tate in his prime had the best vocals I've ever heard, in my opinion. His voice can hit the highs and lows. His vocals are absolutely outstanding. First time I listened to Queensryche, I couldn't get over how powerful and outstanding his voice is. I honestly think he should be #1. I know a lot of people will disagree with me, but really. Tate has a voice that can hit all kinds of notes, and lets be real here, it's absolutely AMAZING. My favorite vocalist ever. I think Tate WAS the best metal singer of all time. His voice WAS extremely powerful. He WAS also able to sing emotion, which is very hard to do. Today, Tate is one of the worst singers in metal. It is so sad how he WAS an amazing singer, and now... Should be #1 V 21 Comments

Hansi Kürsh - Blind Guardian 15 One of the best metal Vocalists of all time. The range of his voice and his ability to perform live is paralleled only by some on this list like Dio, Roy, or Bruce. Deserves a much better place in this list. I think it is very popular as it should... I really like his voice, is powerful, rare, interesting... It's wonderful to live and very few are. One of the best vocalists in metal with a godly range even live Incredibly sexy voice to go with such a sexy man. V 14 Comments

Matt Barlow - Iced Earth Matthew 'Matt' Barlow is an American heavy metal singer and police officer. He was the lead singer for Iced Earth in the 1990s and 2000s. He is currently the lead singer for Ashes of Ares. After the September 11 terrorist attacks Matt Barlow decided to become a police officer and contribute to the "real ...read more. 16 Whilst probably not THE best, he is undoubtedly one of them. His phenomenal voice has soared into the highest reaches of sound and rumbled in the lowest depths. The masculine thickness of his voice also allows for him to be soft while still menacing and strong. His voice is a one of a kind, and it's a damn shame he doesn't get more recognition. Anything to say? A god among humans, with a great voice tune, power and feeling, and a awesome presence on stages, he knows how to conquer the World! THE voice of ICED EARTH. Killer growls, clean and hight pitched vocals. "Something Wicked This Way Comes", "Horrow Show" and "Immortal" albums are a proof of what is he made of: pure metal and a class A+ quality voice.



Barlow, a perfect mixture between Hetfield, Anselmo, Dickinson and Halford, at his best. The most talented voice in metal. This man can sing 5 octaves (G1 to F#6) - Metallicafan01 V 15 Comments

Dave Mustaine - Megadeth David Scott "Dave" Mustaine (born September 13, 1961) is an American musician, singer, songwriter, actor and author. Mustaine is best known as a pioneer in Thrash Metal, being the former lead guitarist of Metallica before his dismissal in 1983, leading to finding and becoming the front man of his own ...read more. 17 One of the best vocalists. Even today, Dave's voice is incredible. Should be higher ranked than James Hetfield. Might not be on the top, and rightly so, because the likes of Bruce and Rob are simply better. But Dave's got some unique style which I haven't heard before. His voice oozes sarcasm and weirdness, and that works for all those intricate Megadeth riffs. An Icon to Metal Vocalists. Should be easily on the Top 20, even though I can agree his vocals are not for everyone, specially due to his aggressive, raw nature. How is he above Ian Gillan? - Userguy44 V 12 Comments

Mikael Akerfeldt Lars Mikael Åkerfeldt is a Swedish musician, prominently known as the lead vocalist, guitarist, and primary songwriter of progressive death metal band Opeth, as well as being the former vocalist of death metal supergroup Bloodbath for three albums up until 2012. ...read more. 18 Can't believe he's at 22, and also can't believe I am still going down to find Devin Townsend. Honestly if there is Musical Theory behind any singer in Metal, Devin Townsend is the master. But Mikael Akerfeldt has some of the best growls and cleans of anybody. Excellent versatility, and some of the best growls in metal. His clean voice is also a way beyond the norm of the scene, and in general he's a superior vocalist to many. Basically the best with growls, & an amazing vocalist in the progressive metal arena. Should be up there among the metal vocal kings like Bruce & Robert. - Flash667 Amazing mixture into clean vocals and growls. V 18 Comments

M. Shadows - Avenged Sevenfold Matthew Charles Sanders, better known by his stage name M. Shadows, is an American musician, best known as the lead vocalist, songwriter and founding member of the American metalcore/alternative metal band Avenged Sevenfold. 19 Great vocalist - good range, and great variation with both softer songs (like Seize The Day, So Far Away, and my personal favourite Victim) and heavier songs (like Nightmare, Critical Acclaim and Welcome To The Family). M Shadows in my opinion should be at least 3. He has a powerful voice and uses it in the way he should use it! On hail to the king album his vocals are just amazing. It's not like any other metal singer. This is Raw power. If the Rev was still here and he sand on Hail to the king, he would be number 1! Really unique voice. Amazing control and range coupled with an ability to incorporate heavy raspy growl for metal stompers or extremely clean and emotive vocals for ballads with perfect execution at all time. M.I.A., Save Me, Sceomd heartbeat, and the stage are among his best vocals V 93 Comments

Brian Johnson - AC/DC Brian Johnson is an English singer and songwriter. Since 1980, he is the lead singer of the Australian rock band AC/DC, with whom he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2003. As of April 2016, Johnson is not participating in the remainder of the Rock or Bust World Tour due to hearing ...read more. 20 He is not a metal singer bro - Metal_Treasure I love AC/DC. But in what universe Brian Johnson is metal vocalist? This itself discredits this list - MetalFreek Not metal, and not that good I'm sorry, but his voice is like nails on a chalkboard. Not metal, but good nonetheless. - galaxyfox V 5 Comments

Bobby "Blitz" Ellsworth - Overkill Robert Ellsworth, mainly known as Bobby "Blitz" Ellsworth, is the lead vocalist of New Jersey thrash metal band Overkill. 21 I don't know if I would place him at #1 (probably not), but Bobby Blitz should be top 15 for sure. He's one of the most underrated vocalists out there and still has an amazing voice to this day even after multiple albums starting in the mid-late 80's. A thrash metal legend. The ultimate thrash vocalist. Best metal vocalist in my opinion. This list sucks big time, average voters age is 12. Bobby should be in top ten, along Halford, Dickinson and Blackie Lawless. I wonder if Blackie even in this list at all.

Ian Gillan - Deep Purple Ian Gillan is an English singer and songwriter. He originally found success as the lead singer and lyricist for Deep Purple, and the original singer on the rock opera concept album Jesus Christ Superstar by Andrew Lloyd Webber, where Gillan had the leading role (Jesus Christ). 22 Not much to say really. His ability is unmatched. So many metal singers were inspired by Ian Gillan. I can't remember all of them right now but I clearly remember that Hansi Kürsch (one of the best metal singers of all time) quotes Gillan as the biggest vocal influence. Hansi said during an interview that Gillan was the only metal singer who moved him "because the way Gillan sings has always had a deeper impact on me." - Metal_Treasure No 33 on the list? Are you kidding me? He is a god and belongs to the top! One of the greatest singers ever. - Userguy44 V 2 Comments

Maynard James Keenan - Tool Maynard James Keenan, often referred to by his initials MJK, is an American musician, record producer, winemaker, and actor, best known as the vocalist for Grammy Award-winning progressive metal band Tool. 23 He always seems to pour deep emotion into his songs, which to me seems to be one of the determining factors of a good singer. Pure talent and singing range is good, but to to have that and be able to put for that emotion is something else. Can't believe this guy isn't at least in the top 10, seeing him all the way down here makes me sad To me maynard James Keenan is definitely deserving of a top five spot, he has a unique passionate sound to his voice and can produce an undeniably genius set of lyrics. He at least deserves the top 5. V 29 Comments

King Diamond - Mercyful Fate Kim Bendix Petersen, better known by his stage name King Diamond, is a Danish heavy metal musician. He is known for his extensive vocal range, usually sung in falsetto. King Diamond was originally known as the vocalist for Mercyful Fate, but has become notorious for his horror themed Concept albums ...read more. 24 What an incredible deluge of eerie falsetto shrieking, growling, gurgling... His work on Abigail is the stuff of metal legend and struck fear into to the hearts of listeners and competitors... Should be at least top 10, if not top 5. Come on! King Diamond leaves all these in the dust with his amazing vocal range. Rob Halford is great, but no one can touch King I am sickened that he is so low. King diamond is easily better than Bruce. King Diamond should at least be in the top 10. V 10 Comments

Chuck Billy - Testament Charles "Chuck" Billy is an American vocalist, who is best known as the vocalist for the thrash metal band Testament. 25 59? Come on people he has the best voice in thrash metal

David Draiman - Disturbed David Michael Draiman is an American songwriter and the vocalist for the band Disturbed as well as for the band Device. 26 This guy is the giver of shivers down my spine for me! He writes his own lyrics and his music is like sex to the ears... Should be at least in the Top 10 in my opinion. I'm surprised David didn't make it into the top 10. His voice alone could shake mountains. Especially his growls, there are spectacular and amazing! 10! Seriously? So underrated it's unbelievable. He deserves more attention.. V 33 Comments

Serj Tankian - System of a Down Serj Tankian is a Lebanese-born Armenian-American singer-songwriter, composer, multi-instrumentalist, record producer, poet, and political activist. 27 I was gonna vote for Roy Khan, because he is incredible, but my loyalties will always be to Serj Tankian. System of a Down is my favorite band since I was 10 years old. Serj's has this incredible range of style and emotion. You get all these different kinds of songs like Question or Spiders or even crazy ones like Vicinity of Obscenity. And his solo work is amazing too. The big sound of Elect the Dead or the symphonic Imperfect Harmonies or the sorta punk rock Harakiri. Serj is an amazing talent. Serj has a great voice, as far as the genre is concerned. I would rate him higher than this. Most metal singer just yell and scream a lot, which of course will offend a lot of people, but I think Serj's has a bit of a lyric quality to it. People would most of the time classify Serj according to the most knows System of a Down songs. But the power of his vocals and the range in songs like Streamline and Highway Song are the reason why I would think he should be higher on this list. As far as originality, versatility, haromonies, range of cleans, screams and growls, and just an all around mind blowing pioneer into an untapped realm of metal vocalists: argue with me that there is anyone better than Serj. V 56 Comments

Tom Araya - Slayer Tomás Enrique "Tom" Araya Díaz is a Chilean American musician, best known as the bassist and vocalist of the American thrash metal band Slayer. 28 Best bass / singer combination in the world of metal!



He knows how to get the best out of the crowd at the concerts Amazing vocals... Evil voice Oh come on! He shouldn't be this low! A lot of you should be ashamed of yourselves.. - LadyBanshee His range in angel of death blew me away V 6 Comments

Alissa White-Gluz - Arch Enemy Alissa White-Gluz is a Canadian vocalist, best known as the former lead vocalist and one of the founding members of the Canadian metal band, The Agonist, and current lead vocalist for the Swedish melodic death metal group, Arch Enemy. 29 Alissa deserves a top 10 slot without a doubt! Also, no best of metal vocals list is complete without John Arch, Ray Alder, Midnight, and of course the mighty Ski (Deadly Blessing)! You sir need a metal refresher course or something! Many other legends too, but these few prove my point. Which is, this list blows! Definitely the sexiest one Best female screamer The 1st woman on this list

Russell Allen - Symphony X Russell Allen is a singer and lyricist best known as the vocalist of American progressive metal band Symphony X. 30 Debatably the best in the genre and my personal favorite, Russell has a great range of 4+ octaves, an unreal amount of vocal control, an amazing amount of power, a naturally pleasant and soothing vocal tone and a real passion for what he does.



Here is a quote from progressive metal genius Arjen Lucassen on Russell Allen's ability as a vocalist:

"Russell has a very powerful and versatile voice, and on top of that he is a great musician and performer. Russell was one of the few singers with whom I didn't need to be present during recording, but when on the phone he let me hear the parts he had sung, my eyes filled with tears. Russell thought I was joking, but I was truly moved! At the moment Russell is one of the best singers in the world. And he proved that during the Star One tour."



Definitely the best thing to happen to Michael Romeo and the rest of Symphony X and definitely deserving of a better place on this list. Definitely one of the best metal vocalists of our times, both in Symphony X and in all his other side projects! He deserves a much better position than this! Russel Allen! Symphony X stands out as one of the Metal greats. There are few bands that can combine technical ability and introspective emotions. Russell Allen's gotta be my favorite vocalist overall. For me it goes

1) Russell Allen

2) Matt Bellamy

3) David Gilmour/ Roger Waters

4) Mikael Åkerfeldt

5) Geddy Lee

6) James LaBrie

7) Neige

8) King Diamond (partially cause I can sing most of his songs with little effort, given we have similar falsettos. My modal range is a bit trash)

9) Joe Duplantier

10) ICS Vortex maybe V 11 Comments

Ivan Moody - Five Finger Death Punch Ivan L. Moody, known by the pseudonym Ghost during his time with Motograter, is the lead vocalist for American heavy metal band Five Finger Death Punch from Las Vegas, Nevada. 31 In my opinion he's the best vocalist in all of metal music currently! He has a lot of diversity in his vocals ranging from mellow singing to brutal screaming. You're kidding guys, aren't you? I hope those who voted him down have at any rate a half of Ivan's incredible voice charisma. If corey taylor is number 7, Ivan moody should at least 8 because he sounds just like him in my opinion. He can have a decent voice, he just wastes it on painful bro-metal trash. - AdamDestructorJr. V 11 Comments

Mike Patton - Faith No More Michael Allan "Mike" Patton is an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, film composer, producer, and actor, best known as the lead singer of the alternative metal band Faith No More. 32 A true vocal god right here. Can sing any genre effortlessly, and does things with his voice that I've never heard anyone in metal (including Devin and Kyo), or in most of music do. Some of these so-called singers here (even some legends), are laughable compare to this man (especially these young tools like M Shadows). Now to be fair, there are some people who can probably compete with his range... but they are outside metal and usually dwell in the experimental side of music. Anyway, the only reason he's placed so low in this, is because these lists tend to focus on popular people. Mike Patton is very likely the most talented vocalist on the planet. How a cheap imitator like Serj Tankian makes the top ten and Patton sits at # 40 baffles me. Anyway, I don't consider him a "metal vocalist", simply because the vast majority of his work falls into other genres. As far as metal singers go, I would take Patton over any body. Ever. HE CAN SING ANY GENRE! , I really don't know why he's not up a little higher. #36 -Seriously? This mans voice is exceptional and he plays games with it too. Outstanding talent - should be in the top 10. V 11 Comments

Lemmy Kilmister- Motorhead Ian Fraser Kilmister, known as Lemmy, was an English musician, singer and songwriter who founded and fronted the rock band Motörhead. He was a bassist and a singer known for his raspy voice. He died in 2015 from cancer and other health problems. 33 I just don't understand why he is not number 1. His voice was so scary and and song he sang automatically became a metal song Lemmys voice set the bar for metal and when you hear him live and see people running for the exit sign after an encore with overkill you know it's the real deal. Why the hell is Lemmy at #27?



He needs to be in the top 10 Pure rock and Roll metal voice...needs to be in the top 10 V 15 Comments

Johan Hegg - Amon Amarth 34 He has a really genuine sound to him. A lot of Amon's songs can send shivers down my spine and tears to my eyes, especially their live versions. I saw them live last October near Detroit.



Look up their live performance of "Thousand Years of Oppression" on YouTube and you will hear exactly what I am talking about. One of the smoothest voices in melodic death metal The best and most recognizable voice in melodeath

Devin Townsend Devin Garret Townsend is a Canadian musician, songwriter and record producer. He was the founder, songwriter, vocalist, and guitarist in extreme metal band Strapping Young Lad from 1994 to 2007 and has an extensive career as a solo artist. 35 A great and kind man with more musical talent than all of the metal community combined. He has done so much work in the 20+ years that he has been releasing music and he is now only recently starting to get the deserved attention for it... From working with Steve Vai in the early 90s... To performing in his own band Strapping young lad, the epitome of heavy, aggressive and intense metal... And to today where he performs in his solo project playing everything from progressive metal, to death metal to even ambient melo stuff. But to the factor of his voice, he has a range that shouldn't even be humanly possible, he can scream to levels that hurt my throat just hearing, do powerful growls, perform simple mellow clean vocals and to top it all of... Incredibly powerful operatic vocals that blow people away. Every note he hits is clean and spot on and he has an incredible sense of timing with each one. With all that, his live performances put his studios albums to shame. For those reading ...more A god walking amongst mere mortals, Devin just is from another planet, godly voice that has an range I have never seen nor heard, great guy as well very nice and down to earth, a perfect performer I've never heard anyone pull off such a wide range of as Devin Townsend, and whatever he decides to do, he does masterfully. Insane vocal range V 7 Comments

Björn "Speed" Strid 36 Seriously one of the best vocalists out there. Check out shining lights on the album the ride majestic A Predator's Portrait is where Bjorn shines the brightest. - AdamDestructorJr. The best vocalist, I've ever heard. Check out his Features on youtube or so. SUCH BRILLANT! Björn is a beast and can sing and growl exceptionally well. His signing on The Living Infinite proves that and his growling on The Chainheart Machine proves that he's great.

Randy Blythe - Lamb of God David Randall "Randy" Blythe is the vocalist and lyricist of American heavy metal band Lamb of God and side-project band Halo of Locusts. 37 To start with, Randy was the one who originally got me listening to growling. He is capable of mixing the heavy, ear-ripping effect of growling, but still keep the lyrics fairly easy to hear. Combine this with intricate songs about policy and war, and you have a recipe for chills. Just try any song of lamb of god.. And you will shocked after listening he's vocals... He sings like a ghost.. Randy Blythe is the god of metal vocals. Not only his voice but his stage attitude and persona are better than everyone on this list. Why 22? Why? He is the god, the ruler, the emperor and the lord of metal growls. screeches and vocals. No.30 really? V 16 Comments

Simone Simons - Epica Simone Johanna Maria Simons is a Dutch singer-songwriter. She is the lead vocalist of Dutch symphonic metal band Epica. 38 Simone Simons is a really awesome singer. His voice is mezzosoprano, but she can climb to the top notes of a soprano. It can be sweet, as aggressive. Master the classical technique as style rock / pop. Her voice is full of feeling, a feeling that is when she sings live. Not the typical super sweet soprano, she has a wonderful voicepoint, warm and dark at once. Not only sings, also composed some lyrics, very philosophical lyrics that really make you think, like "Sensorium" or "Storm the Sorrow", not just a pretty face, no, she really has a melodious voice, she's a goddess of metal with a heart of gold x Such a beautiful voice. Her and Tarja rule symphonic metal It's not really epic How are Floor, Simone, Sharon so low on this list? Oh wait, they're not cool enough for the Abenged Sevenfold and Slipnazi fans. V 1 Comment

Christian Alvestam 39 Clearly you guys are uncultured posers if you think Dickinson or hetfield are even close to Alvestam's talent. Go listen to his stuff for Solution.45, you'll thank me. You wanna hear someone who combines growling and clean vocals Chris is your man not Corey Taylor who just shouts Christian Älvestram is amazing, listen to holographic universe by scar symmetry and you'll understand why

Tomi Joutsen - Amorphis 40 Almost forgot about him, he definitely deserves to be much higher Very skilled, best growls and clean vocals. Should be much in top 10

Tobias Sammet - Avantasia, Edguy Tobias Sammet is a German metal musician, best known as the vocalist and primary songwriter of the power metal band Edguy, as well as the founder, main singer and bassist of the metal opera Avantasia. 41 In my opinion his vocal style is somewhere between Kiske and Jorn Lande, great vocalist composer musician and person I think he is one of the best with his range and stage presence. Avantasia is the product of a genius mind. He's amazing. Love his crafted screams and sustain. His voice and singing style remind me of Bruce Dickinson and a bit of Michael Kiske. - Metal_Treasure This guy has a really unique style that draws on so many influences, impossible not to love the sound

Udo Dirkschneider - Accept, U.D.O. Udo"Hassan"Dirkschneider is a German heavy metal singer who rose to fame with German heavy metal band Accept. 42 Need to be in top 20 at least... Is it some kind of a joke? Should be way higher than 58 Why so low? V 1 Comment

Robb Flynn - Machine Head Robert Conrad "Robb" Flynn is the lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist for the heavy metal band Machine Head. Flynn formed the band along with Adam Duce, Logan Mader and Tony Costanza after leaving Bay Area thrash band Vio-Lence. 43

Johan Langquist - Candlemass 44 Both him and Messiah deserve this list, certainly if Shadows does! Just jisten to his range, his screaming! Listen to Demon's Gate and Under The Oak

Sebastian Bach - Skid Row Sebastian Philip Bierk, known professionally as Sebastian Bach, is a Canadian heavy metal singer who achieved mainstream success as frontman of Skid Row from 1987-96. Since his departure from Skid Row, he has had many television roles, acted in Broadway plays, and leads a solo career. 45 He is one of the best singers ever, not only in metal music, for me he's even better than dickinson. Incredible voice and so underrated One of the best singers on this list! Slave to the grind said it all! Well this top ten is in severe need of some light! Try finding a darker room on the Internet. V 4 Comments

Dan Swanö Dan-Erland Swanö is a Swedish musician who is currently the vocalist, guitarist, ex-bassist and ex-drummer for the band Nightingale, lately vocalist, keyboardist and drummer for the band Witherscape, as well as the Owner of Unisound but he achieved fame as the vocalist and songwriter of progressive ...read more. 46 Brilliant Clean vocal with even better corresponding death growls

Joe Elliott - Def Leppard Joseph Thomas Elliott Jr. is an English singer-songwriter and musician, best known as the lead singer of the English rock band Def Leppard. 47 This man is one of the torchbearer in metal world. As good as Bruce Dickinson. Although definitely Leppard is marked as a rock band (NO REAL REASON).

Angela Gossow - Arch Enemy Angela Nathalie Gossow is a German vocalist, best known as the former lead vocalist for the Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy. 48

Joakim Broden - Sabaton Joakim "Jocke" Brodén is a Swedish-Czech singer and songwriter who is the lead vocalist, keyboardist, and occasional guitarist of heavy metal band Sabaton. He and bassist Pär Sundström formed the band in 1999. 49 Simply one of the greatest voices in Metal!



Not only an awe-inspiringly amazing voice, but also a brilliant lyricist who easily puts history into song...



One of the best! This legend should be at least top 15 Sabaton isn't famous but Joakim's voice is so damn powerful! Top 10 at least His Voice fits the Lyrics and the band just sooo god!

And technically he is just one of the best singers.

For me he should be in Top 10!

Best Male Mettal voice! V 3 Comments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0136212-cfc8f6ac9850e85c22700147bfd2bb3a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014454 00000000000 015245  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The American gymnast Simone Biles won the gold medal in the individual all-around competition Thursday. Biles showcased an arsenal of difficult moves, executing them more masterfully than her competitors and reaching heights in her tumbling passes that the other gymnasts could not match.

The Amanar Vault

Biles executed an Amanar, one of the toughest vaults for female gymnasts. She earned a 15.866, the highest score in the event during all-around competition. Here is her vault from the competition:

Two-and-a-half twists in the air Blind landing Back handspring onto vaulting table Biles took a step on the landing Two-and-a-half twists in the air Blind landing Back handspring onto vaulting table Biles took a step on the landing Two-and-a-half twists in the air Back handspring onto vaulting table Landing Biles took a step on the landing Two-and-a-half twists in the air Biles took a step on the landing Back handspring onto vault Photographs by Jeremy White; composite image by Sergio Peçanha and Jon Huang

The height Biles achieves as she pushes off the table sets her apart from other gymnasts.

“Simone actually gets three or four feet higher than everyone else,” said the retired gymnast Jordyn Wieber, a member of the American team that won the gold medal at the 2012 London Olympics.

The extra height gives Biles more time to complete two-and-a-half twists in the air, giving her a better chance of sticking her blind landing. (She took a step on Thursday’s landing.)

Peter Kormann, an Olympic bronze medalist and a former United States men’s Olympic gymnastics coach, said, “Currently, she does that vault better than anyone in the world.”

Balance Beam Dismount

Biles had the highest score on the beam even though she appeared to lose her balance at one point. She quickly regained her composure and completed her routine, which had the apparatus’s highest difficulty level in the all-around.

Biles ended her routine with a back handspring, back handspring, full in, below:

Full rotation on first somersault Second somersault Back handspring Back handspring Full rotation on first somersault Second somersault Back handspring Back handspring Full rotation on first somersault Back handspring Back handspring Second somersault Full in Back handsprings Photographs by Bedel Saget; composite image by Sergio Peçanha, Jeremy White and Jon Huang

“What Simone does here, not many people in the world do,” said Nastia Liukin, an NBC Olympic analyst and a five-time Olympic medalist. As she noted, Biles effectively executes a tumbling pass on the beam that other gymnasts would only do on the floor.

“She essentially tumbles on the beam before she does the dismount,” Liukin said.

Kormann said: “You’re looking for skills that you do on floor that you do on beam. You need to be athletic. Simone is probably the most athletic female gymnast in history.”

Biles said her beam performance was particularly rewarding. “I think I’m most happy with beam just because it always feels really good once you hit a good beam set," she said.

The “Biles”

On the floor exercise, her signature move is a double layout with a half-twist and a blind landing, now officially known as the Biles. Here is how she executed the move on Thursday:

The Biles Double layout with a half twist Stag leap Back handspring Run up Roundoff The Biles Double layout with a half twist Stag leap Back handspring Roundoff Run up The Biles Double layout with a half twist Roundoff into a back handspring Run up The Biles Double layout with a half twist Photographs by Joe Ward; composite image by Sergio Peçanha, Jeremy White and Jon Huang

The move begins with a backward takeoff. Biles somersaults twice, head-over-heels, with her body in a straight, laid-out position. At the end of the second somersault she rotates her body a half-turn so that she lands facing forward.

First somersault Half twist Forward landing Back handspring The Biles First somersault Half twist Forward landing Back handspring The Biles First somersault Half twist Back handspring Forward landing The Biles First somersault Half twist Forward landing Back handspring The Biles Photographs and composite image by Joe Ward

The half-turn is the most difficult part of the maneuver. Most people do a full turn, so to stop one’s body on a half-turn is “pretty hard,” Biles has said.

She first tried the move after she tore her calf muscle when landing a full turn. Her coach, Aimee Boorman, suggested she try a half-turn instead. The forward-facing landing did not hurt her calf as much.

“My coach was like, well what if you do a half-turn. Then you could get it named after you, if you competed at a world event,” Biles said.

Here is Biles’s third tumbling pass of her floor exercise, which ends with a double twisting, double back.

Double twisting, double back somersault Run up Roundoff Back handspring Double twisting, double back somersault Roundoff Back handspring Back handspring Double twisting, double back somersault Roundoff Back handspring Double twisting, double back somersault Roundoff Photographs by Alexandra Garcia; composite image by Sergio Peçanha

“All her tumbling passes were phenomenal,” said Martha Karolyi, coordinator for the United States women’s team since 2001. “Her floor routine was up in the sky. I said ‘wow,’ and when I say ‘wow’ the girls know what that means. It’s superlative.”

Uneven Bars Dismount

Biles did not get the highest score on this apparatus, but she had a solid performance and did better than during Tuesday’s team event.

“Some of us don’t even pay attention to scores,” Biles said. “You can only control your performance, not the scores you get.”

Here is how she executed her dismount, a full-twisting double somersault, at the end of her routine:

Photographs by Joe Ward; composite image by Jeremy White

“I was coaching her from 10 feet away,” Boorman said. “And then when she dismounted, I thought, ‘That’s the best bar routine you’ve ever done in competition.’”

Degrees of Difficulty

One of the reasons Biles was considered by many to be the world’s greatest gymnast even before Thursday’s competition was that she executed the most difficult moves with consistency and quality.

Her routines had the highest or were tied for the highest level of difficulty in the competition for three of the four apparatuses:                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0136237-82a7216b7a2edc7514bfee2fda571d4d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013650 00000000000 015331  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Developers all over the world are using Amazon DynamoDB to build applications that take advantage of its ability to provide consistent low-latency performance. The developers that I have talked to enjoy the flexibility provided by DynamoDB’s schemaless model, along with the ability to scale capacity up and down as needed. They also benefit from the DynamoDB Reserved Capacity model in situations where they are able to forecast their need for read and write throughput ahead of time.

A little over a year ago we made DynamoDB more flexible by adding support for Global Secondary Indexes. This important feature moved DynamoDB far beyond its roots as a key-value store by allowing lookups on attributes other than the primary key.

Today we are making Global Secondary Indexes even more flexible by giving you the ability to add and delete them from existing tables on the fly.

We are also making it easier for you to purchase Reserved Capacity directly from the AWS Management Console. As part of this change to a self-service model, you can now purchase more modest amounts of Reserved Capacity than ever before.

Let’s zoom in for a closer look!

Global Secondary Indexes on the Fly

Up until now you had to define the Global Secondary Indexes for each of your DynamoDB tables at the time you created the table. This static model worked well in situations where you fully understood your data model and a good sense for the kinds of queries that you needed to use to build your application.

DynamoDB’s schemaless model means that you can add new attributes to an existing table by simply storing them. Perhaps your original table stored a first name, a last name, and an email address. Later, you decided to make your application location-aware by adding a zip code. With today’s release you can add a Global Secondary Index to the existing table. Even better, you can do this without taking the application offline or impacting the overall throughput of the table.

Here’s how you add a new index using the AWS Management Console. First, select the table and click on Create Index:

Then enter the details (you can use a hash key or a combination of a hash key and a range key):

The index will be created and ready to go before too long (the exact time depends on the number of items in the table and the amount of provisioned capacity). You can also delete indexes that you no longer need. All of this functionality is also available through DynamoDB’s UpdateTable API.

There is no extra charge for this feature. However, you may need to provision additional write throughput in order to allow for the needs of the index creation process. You’ll pay the usual DynamoDB price for storage of the Global Secondary Indexes that you create.

Purchasing Reserved Capacity

DynamoDB’s unique provisioned capacity model makes it easy for you to build applications that can scale to any desired level of throughput. Instead of having to worry about adding hardware, tuning software, or rearchitecting your application as traffic grows, you can simply provision additional read or write capacity. The provisioning model even allows you to add capacity in anticipation of high traffic (perhaps your application is busiest during local business hours) and to remove it when it is not needed. This model allows you to create a cost structure that closely mirrors actual usage of your application and avoids unnecessary charges for idle resources.

In situations where you have enough confidence in your usage model and your predictions for growth over time, you can reduce your DynamoDB costs even more by purchasing Reserved Capacity for a one or a three year term. After you pay the upfront fee, you will be billed monthly for the amount of capacity that you purchase. By purchasing capacity up front, you will save 53% (one year term) or 76% (three year term) over the regular hourly rates.

In order to make Reserved Capacity accessible to more DynamoDB users, we have made two important changes. First, we have simplified the purchase process and made it accessible from within the Console. Second, we have reduced the minimum purchase to just 100 read or write capacity units. To purchase Reserved Capacity within a particular AWS region, open up the Console, choose the region, and click on the Reserved Capacity button:

Select the amount of read and/or write capacity that you need (in units of 100), choose a term, and fill in your email address:

Your purchases are visible in the Console:

You can read more about this feature in the recent post, On DynamoDB Provisioning: Simple, Flexible, and Affordable, in the AWS Startup Collection.

From our Customers

AWS customer Eddie Dingels (Lead Architect for Earth Networks) is already taking advantage of on-the-fly indexing and the new pricing model! In his words:

With online indexing, we can re-index tables to run new queries whenever we want. DynamoDB handles consistently changing the index while taking live traffic without a performance impact even on large data sets.

He’s also saving money:

DynamoDB has a very simple and innovative approach to database provisioning, it is truly pay as you go. Reserved capacity ends up dropping DynamoDB throughput costs by up to 76%, and today’s announcement makes it easier than ever for us to perform incremental purchases as we grow.

Availability

The new Reserved Capacity pricing model is available today in all regions. Online indexing is available today in the Asia Pacific (Tokyo), Asia Pacific (Singapore), Europe (Ireland), US East (N. Virginia), US West (Oregon), and US West (N. California) regions. We expect to make it available in the Europe (Frankfurt), South America (São Paulo), China (Beijing), and AWS GovCloud (US) regions within a week or so.

— Jeff;

PS – Some of our developers put together a new article to show you how to Build a Mars Rover Application With DynamoDB. The code in this article takes advantage of the new JSON support and is a great way to exercise DynamoDB’s expanded free tier.                                                                                        0136211-82bdcc535bbc3e6f54d60a4003b94cd3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011156 00000000000 015226  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The San Francisco 49ers are hard at work preparing for free agency and the 2017 NFL Draft, but the timing of their hiring process leaves them a step behind most of the rest of the league. They had their general manager and head coach figured out a week before the Super Bowl, with John Lynch hired, and Kyle Shanahan the worst kept secret the week of the Super Bowl. However, the timing of hiring Shanahan meant they could not get the two men together until after the Falcons season ended.

Since the Super Bowl, Shanahan and Lynch have been spending plenty of time together breaking down film, and figuring out what they want. The time together is important for coming up with free agent and draft targets, but as Shanahan put it in a recent KNBR interview, it also means they are getting on the same page.

The two men have known each other for some time, but have not worked together prior to this present situation. Shanahan’s and Lynch’s families remain in Atlanta and San Diego, respectively, with the two men staying in a Marriott near the 49ers facility. With nothing to do but go back to their hotel rooms, the two men, along with other recent hires have spent a lot of time watching film late into the night.

Here is a transcript of what Shanahan said in regard to his dynamic with Lynch:

It’s been great. We jumped into it right away. We’ve been watching a lot of film, we’re doing a lot together, we’re doing a lot separate. John and the whole personnel department, they’re going through the draft stuff right now. Me and the coaches aren't yet at the draft. We're watching our own players and free agents. We'll get to the draft, really starting in Indy. Then we’ll hit the draft hard for a month when we get back. Right now, John and his whole personnel staff are upstairs going through all the draft stuff, trying to set the draft board, so, when we get back from Indy, then we have some direction on what positions to watch, the order to watch it. There’s hundreds of guys in the draft and that’s what those guys sort through, and then they break it down for us position by position where they give our DB coach 30 DBs instead of 150. So, we can really isolate on the guys that they like, and we can start to rank them and start to really find out what direction we’re going to go in. We also want to spend time together so we can get on the same page. John and I have known each other for a while, but we’re still trying to develop that working relationship — trying to see football the same way together. Every night, neither of our families are here, we both live in the Marriott, so we’re not in too much of a hurry to get home. Usually Adam Peters and Martin Mayhew and John Lynch, they usually come down to my office at night and we just spend a couple hours watching film together. Sometimes it’s our own guys, sometimes it’s other people, sometimes it’s free agents, it really doesn’t matter. We just try to put those hours in to develop that relationship. That’s how you learn — being together. It never happens the first day, but each time you do stuff and communicate, you start to know each other better, and know each other’s expectations, and how each one of us sees it.

Earlier this week, MMQB columnist Albert Breer wrote a detailed feature on John Lynch’s start with the 49ers. Breer wrote about Jed York wanting a strong alignment between his head coach and GM, with Shanahan providing a specifically defined vision for the team, and Lynch having a clear idea how to go about building that.

According to Breer, this past Tuesday saw Shanahan give, “a lengthy, detailed presentation for the scouts on what his staff would be looking for at each position.”

Following Trent Baalke’s departure, we heard reports of his problems communicating with the coaching staff, to the point where the coaches were left in the dark to some extent. We don’t know how much of that is people defending themselves by casting blame on Baalke, but given the former GM’s communication habits, it was not an entirely surprising revelation.

Now, the 49ers would appear to have a coach and GM in place who seem to be on the same page for how to move this rebuilding process forward. Plenty could change in the relationship, but for the time being, this is a good sign. We are slowly moving forward from the talk phase of this to the action phase. Free agency and the draft will give us a lot of insight into where things are going, but early reports like this provide some semblance of optimism. They have to actually find the right players for the system, but until they get to actual signing and drafting phase, we can take some optimism from this.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136234-c4ffdb4a1b9546a5e10022d4beaa336d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000024763 00000000000 015313  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Do any of these situations sound familiar?

You’ve been for years and she’s always been prickly, but now you’re noticing that her zingers are louder than ever and aimed directly at you.

Your co-worker is a show-off who’s always dismissed your suggestions and ideas, and now he’s actively disparaging you to anyone who’ll listen.

Your partner says mean things to you, and when you object, he either says “You’re too sensitive,” or stonewalls and refuses to talk.

Your has amped up the volume on putting you down, no matter what. How should you react?

Source: pkchai/Shutterstock

You wake up one morning and it dawns on you that you’re not holding your own in a problem relationship. In fact, you are getting trounced, pounced, and hurt. It doesn’t matter whether the person involved is a parent, , co-worker, friend, spouse, or lover—or whether they’re manipulative, , combative, or a garden-variety trying to suck you into his or her orbit. What matters is that you don’t know what to do. You recognize that the connection isn’t healthy or good because it makes you feel lousy, but somehow, you’re stuck.

Not everyone gets stuck in this way—not for long, at least. Some of us are more skilled at recognizing toxic behaviors and are more self-assured about how to deal with them. These tend to be people who have a secure style, see themselves accurately, and are confident about their self-worth. They need and want and they know the real deal from the cheap knock-off. That’s not true of an insecurely attached person who doesn’t have strong mental representations of what a healthy relationship looks like, and has problems with and managing his or her emotions. These people are most likely to find themselves unable to act when they're enmeshed in a toxic relationship.

Here are eight strategies you can use to manage run-ins with people who seem to enjoy raining on your parade, need the upper hand, or just like feeling good by making you feel bad.

1. Recognize the traits that make you easy prey.

Assessing what you bring to the party doesn’t mean taking responsibility or the blame for someone’s mistreatment of you—keep this difference in mind. Is it your need to please or your of rocking the boat that keeps you tongue-tied when your friend makes you the victim of her bad mood? Use cool processing to think about the interactions you’ve had with the person that make you unhappy—focusing on why you felt as you did, not what you felt—and see if you can discern a pattern. Insecurely attached daughters often confuse someone’s need to control and grandstand with strength and perseverance, and can easily find themselves ensnared by someone toxic. If that’s the case, you need to pay .

2. Explore your reactivity.

Again, without taking the blame for the dynamic, you should look at both the degree to which you overreact and under-react in the relationship; either can unwittingly intensify the dynamic and keep it going. A controlling or bullying person will regard your under-reaction as permission to keep treating you in precisely the same way. People with an /preoccupied attachment style tend to be hyper-vigilant about cues that the relationship is going south and often become angry and vituperative when threatened; this kind of overreaction is likely to make a narcissist feel powerful and inspire him or her to keep playing games.

Instead, work on managing your emotions and set some for yourself in terms of handling the relationship differently. Use “If/Then” thinking to embolden your implementation of your plans. Prepare by focusing on what you will do if an exchange happens, using the “If X, then Y” formula. For example, “If my friend makes a nasty remark, then I’m going to say, ‘Why would you say something so hurtful?'” or “If my mother denies what she said to me, then I will simply say,’ You can’t browbeat me into believing that. It didn’t happen.’” This isn’t easy and it takes practice, but standing up for your perceptions is important.

3. Trust your gut.

One reason insecurely attached people stay in hurtful relationships is a lack of trust in themselves or their judgment. If your default position is to always rationalize toxic behavior (“He really didn’t mean what he said; it was just the heat of the moment”) or to give the person the benefit of the doubt (“She didn’t realize how hurtful her gesture was; once it’s explained to her, I’m sure she’ll come around”), this is the moment to stop and realize why you’re doing the excusing. If you find yourself falling back into the pattern of making excuses or rationalizing toxic behavior, stop.

4. Beware of the sunk cost fallacy.

What's keeping you in this relationship anyway? The thought of what you’ve put into it? Your fear of loss and being alone? As the work of Daniel Kahneman and Amos Twersky shows, humans are famously loss-averse, and prefer to hold onto what they have in the short term—even if giving up a little will get them more in the long run. Additionally, they prefer the known to the unknown, even if the former makes them unhappy. All of that yields the most pernicious pattern, called the sunk cost fallacy, which is often responsible for keeping us in places we ought not to be, including toxic relationships. This is the habit of mind that focuses on what you have invested in something—it could be emotion, time, effort, or even money—and keeps you in place so as not to lose that investment, Of course, whatever the “investment” is, you can’t retrieve it under any circumstances—whether it’s the years you put into a or a relationship, or the money you put into your failing car or venture—so there’s no real logic to the thinking. This fallacy has been used to justify wars, cars that have long since outlived their usefulness, and all manner of lousy relationships and marriages.

If you catch yourself thinking about what you have sunk into the relationship with a toxic person, instead start thinking about where you might find yourself if you let go. That word “fallacy" says it all.

5. Recognize the power of intermittent reinforcement.

You may consider yourself more of a “glass half empty” kind of person than the “glass half full“ type, but research shows that, generally, humans are overly optimistic. We tend to see a close loss more as a “near win.” This is what keeps people at slot machines: When three of the same symbol line up, they take it as a sign that the fourth will show up shortly. There's an evolutionary reason behind this: When the challenges of life were largely physical—think hunter with bow and arrow—staying encouraged enough to keep going and turn the near win into a real one was a good thing. Additionally, we’re more motivated to hang in, paradoxically enough, when we get what we want some of the time.

That’s what B.F. Skinner showed with three very hungry rats, each in its own cage, with a lever that delivered food when pressed. In the first cage, the lever always delivered food and, with that , the rat went about its business. In the second cage, the lever never delivered food; that rat absorbed the lesson and lost interest. But in the third cage, the lever worked randomly and the rat was fixated and totally hooked. He pushed at the lever constantly: That’s intermittent reinforcement.

Alas, this works in human relationships, too: When a toxic person actually does something nice, your heart leaps, your ramps up, and you think, “We are turning a corner!” That locks you in for that much longer, just like that rat. "Now and again" does not a pattern make, and you need to keep that in mind.

6. Guard those boundaries or plan an exit strategy.

If the toxic person is someone you can’t avoid coming into contact with—a co-worker, a neighbor, your mother-in-law, or someone in your social circle—set boundaries for behavior and the kind of contact you’re going to have. Insecurely attached people often have trouble recognizing what a healthy boundary looks like and don’t always know how to negotiate them. You don’t need to be rude, abrasive, or accusatory; in fact, it’s important that you aren’t, but that you are firm and decisive. If it’s a work situation, go through the appropriate channels and put it in writing. To a co-worker, you might say, “I’m okay with criticism but I’d prefer if you not make it personal. My being overweight has nothing to do with my performance.” Or to the mother-in-law who makes jokes at your expense, “I’m sorry but that’s not funny. I may not be the most organized housekeeper, but my family seems to be thriving nonetheless.” For the toxic others you can ultimately give the boot, plan an exit strategy.

7. Anticipate push-back or retaliation.

It’s likely that the toxic person in your life has his or her own “investment” in the connection—he likes controlling you, or she likes the lift her power over you gives her—so once you start setting boundaries and confronting the individual, don’t expect him to go gently into the night. The chances are good that he or she will redouble efforts to keep the dynamic going by manipulating, , or spreading rumors about you, to gain the upper hand. This is especially true if you move to end a to a narcissist who will want to retain the sense of having won and triumphed at all costs.

8. Don’t normalize abusive behavior.

This is especially important if you’ve been in a toxic relationship for a long time or you grew up around people who used words as weapons. They may have demeaned, marginalized, or dismissed you or other family members and then rationalized their behavior by saying, “They’re only words"; denying that they were ever said (a form of gaslighting); or asserting that the real problem was your sensitivity. Refusing to answer you or ignoring you is also abusive behavior of the silent variety. It’s clear to most everyone that is toxic but so is telling partial truths or a carefully edited version of events and then, once challenged, blaming you for not asking the right questions. (This was a ploy of a toxic person I knew who also happened to be a lawyer.) The bottom line is that emotional and verbal abuse are never OK.

This piece draws on the research done for two of my books: Quitting—Why We Fear It and Why We Shouldn’t—in Life, Love, and Work (New York: Da Capo, 2015) and Mean Mothers (New York: William Morrow, 2009). My new book, Daughter Detox: Recovering From an Unloving Mother and Reclaiming Your Life (2017) offers and strategies.

Copyright © 2016 Peg Streep

Read Daughter Detox and visit me on Facebook.             0136227-cf93bd6e686f707a4f2aed8eb7053646.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005513 00000000000 015216  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Facebook is copying Snapchat again: Today it launched Stories, the 24-hour photo and video montages that ultimately disappear, inside of its core Facebook app.

This is the fourth time Facebook has cloned the key Snapchat feature in the past nine months; the social giant has already copied it into Instagram, Messenger and WhatsApp.

On the surface, Facebook’s move simply looks like a unabashed defense strategy against Snapchat, the company’s most obvious threat since 2011, when Google tried to dive into social with a service that turned out to be much more like a bellyflop.

But Facebook’s willingness to prominently place the exact same feature inside all of its apps doesn’t just speak to the company’s fear of competitors — it also shows that Facebook isn’t concerned with giving each of its core services a unique identity.

And that should be concerning to you, assuming that you don’t need or want four different versions of Facebook on your phone.

Yes, this is just one feature, but we’ve already seen that Facebook is willing to double-dip on features and put them inside multiple apps.

Instagram is virtually Facebook 2.0, with live video, brand accounts, private messaging and lots and lots of video content, all features that had previously worked on Facebook. Messenger, too, is testing in-app ads and games, and wants you connecting with brands and wishing your friends a happy birthday.

WhatsApp has been the least Facebook-y app of them all, but it feels like those days are coming to an end, especially given Facebook’s strategy around Stories.

There’s a reason the company is doing this: Its core service, Facebook, works really well. It makes a ton of money, and billions of people use it. Smart businesspeople usually take what works and apply it in other areas, and that’s what CEO Mark Zuckerberg is doing.

But that doesn’t necessarily make it better for you, the loyal Facebook user. You don’t need Stories in four apps (five if you already use Snapchat). You don’t need to connect with your favorite clothing brand in four apps, either, and you aren’t going to broadcast live video in more than one place at a time. (Facebook’s binge has even led to a Twitter meme, where people are grafting the Stories interface absurdly onto apps like Microsoft Excel.)

You don’t need more Facebook outside of Facebook. But that’s what the company wants to give you.

Perhaps this is just a blip, a panic move to fend off Snapchat at the expense of overdoing Stories, a product that used to feel unique and special. Or perhaps Facebook understands that some users only use one of its apps, not all four, and it needs features to exist across the spectrum in order to reach everyone.

But, either way, Facebook has shown that it likes to stick with what works — and what works is copying competitors, and sometimes copying itself.                                                                                                                                                                                     0136243-a4b80014eedd3a0a2e06a75dc4db6234.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007202 00000000000 015213  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        × PA House Democratic Caucus agreed to pay $514,300 to settle claims by employees

HARRISBURG, Pa. — Since 2007, the Pennsylvania House Democratic Caucus agreed to pay out a total of $514,300 to settle claims by employees, according to a statement issued by Rep. Frank Dermody, the House Democratic Leader, Tuesday night.

Two involved sexual harassment claims against two different members while five claims were for other types of employment matters, Rep. Dermody added in the statement.

The statement comes after Philly.com published a report about a $248,000 payment being issued to settle a 2015 sexual harassment complaint against state Rep. Thomas Caltagirone.

Gov. Tom Wolf spoke out about that report — calling for the Berks County Democrat to resign.

“Verbal and physical harassment is flat-out wrong, whether towards an employee or any other person,” Gov. Wolf said in a statement. “Rep. Caltagirone should resign.”

“I fully support the legislative effort by the bipartisan group of women in the House and Senate for reform in this area and hope every member of the General Assembly will join me.”

You can read Rep. Dermody’s full statement below:

“We do our best to provide all Caucus employees with a safe workplace, free from discrimination and harassment. We have a written anti-discrimination, anti-harassment policy with an articulated complaint procedure for employees. We take all complaints seriously, act on them quickly and investigate them, going to great lengths to try to ascertain the facts.

“When we agree with an employee to settle a complaint, we do so with the advice of counsel and mindful of the effect the underlying complaint may have had on the employee making the complaint and what his or her best interests are. In addition, because complaints by employees are very often filed against the Caucus or the House as the employer, we also take into account whether settling a complaint will reduce the risk that protracted litigation may be a financial drain on the Commonwealth.

“Since 2007, the Caucus agreed to pay out a total of $514,300 to settle claims by employees. Two of them involved sexual harassment claims against two different members. Five of them involved other types of employment matters.

“I cannot discuss the specifics of a settlement where the parties agreed to keep the terms confidential. They may only be disclosed pursuant to a Court Order or the Right to Know Law, with redactions if and when appropriate. I don’t like it and I wish I could disclose more of the specifics, but I have to follow the law. The House Right to Know Officer is in the process of reviewing more than 30 different Right to Know Law requests for a variety of different documents. The caucus’ responsive documents will be released to those requesters in due course. It is also important to note that some of these matters involve former employees who are now private citizens and we need to be mindful of their privacy rights as well.

“I think it’s imperative that members are reminded often of their obligations to employees, constituents and others they come in contact with every day regarding their behavior. That’s why I, along with the other leaders of the House Democratic Caucus, introduced HR 612 requiring a third hour of ethics training each session for members specifically addressing sexual harassment issues. In addition, I am a co-sponsor of Representative Leanne Krueger-Braneky’s proposed legislation that will require mandatory sexual harassment training for all members and employees as well as better protect employees who believe they have been subjected to sexual misconduct by a member or another employee.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0136033-89c8be458081bd3bdc0470af37de5469.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000024342 00000000000 015123  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Korea Economic Reader Seoul, Korea Updates and Commentaries Click here to view this message online. Tweet Coyner's Comment Often I suggest to Don Kirk and his fellow journalists that the big story of what is happening in South Korea is under-reported or even neglected. That is the wide-spread situation of under-employed young people who find themselves denied opportunities to follow in the footsteps of their fathers as employees of medium-sized and larger companies. It’s great to be entrepreneurial, but it is something else when one is forced to fend for oneself, given the lack of meaningful employment opportunity. To Mr Kirk’s credit, he delves into this topic. Taking into account the economic environment he accurately describes, it comes as no surprise that many of the best of young Koreans dream of emigration. And those who do emigrate at an early age, find themselves being pulled back to Korea by family ties, but too often without adequate chances of finding employment. After a three-month hiatus, largely spent in Thailand and Myanmar, I am resuming my photographic reportage projects. One of which is “Korea Ink” that explores the lives of young people who openly display tattoos. While the project includes foreigners, perhaps the most interesting images and stories are of Koreans. Indelibly marking one’s body is an affront to traditional Confucian values and historically linked to organized crime. But all such Koreans I have encountered while carrying out this project are well educated and remarkably polite - and even respectful to me as an older person. From these interactions and experiences, I have labeled this larger, if under-reported, part of society as the ‘Alternative Culture.’ Unlike the ‘counter cultures’ fond in the west, most of the participants were originally involuntary joiners. Simply stated, they were not permitted to join mainstream society in roles they deemed appropriate to their backgrounds and education levels. As a result, they have been searching about, looking for a lifestyle that can find economic and social traction in this overly competitive society. Eventually, many of these young people, especially as they reach age 30, realize their old dreams need to be replaced with new ones And as part of the overall experience, many adopt ‘alterative culture’ appearances, including hairstyles and tattoos, often mistaken to be punk by foreigners. I find irony in the below suggestion that the Korean malaise is largely caused by foreign and macroeconomic forces. Certainly the below-mentioned factors are relevant. But even if they were removed, the basic problem will remain. South Korea has and will continue to have a too large a population of highly educated young people unable to find suitable employment given the size of the economy and the over dominance of the chaebol in providing an iadequate number of meaningful careers within South Korea.



The long-term ramifications are unclear. But historically, in other nations, all of this could be the foundation for signfiicant unrest and possibly rebellion. The safety valve is, and will continue to be, emigration. What 'Korean Miracle'? 'Hell Joseon' Is More Like It As Economy Flounders Don Kirk

Forbes Asia

Feb. 27, 2016 http://www.forbes.com/sites/donaldkirk/2016/02/27/what-korean-miracle-hell-joseon-is-more-like-it-as-economy-flounders/#73f252a93c4f Pessimism pervades the Korean economy, from financial to shopping markets, from homes to work places, as China’s economic woes, declining exports and low job prospects gnaw into the fabric of the “Korean Miracle.” Nowadays, on the streets of Seoul, in coffee shops, on the Internet, you’re likely to find more people complaining about “Hell Joseon” – Korea’s historical name when the Yi or Joseon dynasty held sway for more than 500 years – than talking up the wonders of economic success. As “Hell Joseon” gains currency, you hardly hear the term “Korean Miracle” in a milieu

of glittering shopping centers, skyscrapers, expressways, superfast trains and all the hi-tek gadgets and gizmos of an advanced society. That’s just window-dressing and superficial appearances, says Paik Sang-eun, tutoring students preparing for the critical national examination that will determine what level college they attend – and whether they have a prayer of finding work at a prestigious company or, for that matter, any company. “I got laid off my job in downsizing,” she says. “Nobody hires middle-aged people. Young people can’t find jobs. Old people are living in poverty.” The problem is reaching near-crisis proportions while President Park Geun-Hye calls for “a second miracle on the Han River” – the broad, twisting waterway that bisects Seoul. “The growth rate has not been as large as expected,” Yoo Il-Ho, deputy prime minister and minister of strategy and finance, admitted at a briefing that I attended. “Young people have experienced dissatisfaction.” While the government “has the major policy goal of creating jobs,” he said, “today we are no longer experiencing growth as in the past.” Yoo, whose long title translates as finance minister, still predicted, “Korea will be back on track to achieve 3.1% growth this year” – a rate “higher than those of many other major economies:” What’s happening – and what’s likely? Yoo blames much of the trouble on China, by far Korea’s largest market. “The financial market instability in major economies amid slowdowns in China and other emerging economies has brought a high level of uncertainty to the global economy,” he acknowledged. No, he said, in understatement, “The economy has not fully picked up momentum” – “China’s economic slowdown and low oil prices are adversely affecting Korea’s exports.” One of the most disturbing statistics of late was that exports, on which the Korean “miracle” relies, dropped 18.8% year-on-year in January, raising fears that Korea may be in for a slump reminiscent of the 1997-1998 economic crisis. But why would the precipitous drop in the price of crude have such an impact on exports from Korea, which has to import all its oil? As Lee Keun-Tae, economist at the LG Economic Research Institute, explained to Yonhap, the Korean news agency, ”Falling crude prices are a big drag on emerging economies, which will inevitably hurt South Korean exports.” With exporters in “acute fiscal crises,” said Yonhap, orders from the Middle East for construction, shipbuilding and other industrial products plummeted last year to $14.7 billion, down 52% from 2014 and the lowest since 2006. Talking to heads of state agencies, Finance Minister Yoo said “exports have been in the doldrums due to fast-falling oil prices, Chinese financial turmoil and Japan’s negative interest rate.” Korea’s corporate sector, powered by the mighty chaebol or conglomerates that control the economy, is “losing corporate competitiveness,” Yonhap news quoted him as saying, amid “low growth in the world economy.” Even if the economy is not doing nearly so badly as in the dark days of late 1997 and early 1998, Koreans carry bitter memories of what came to be known as “the IMF crisis” – a reference to the country’s going to the International Monetary Fund to bail out the economy. The IMF at the time issued strict guidelines on credit for debt-ridden chaebol, stopping them from borrowing freely from overly friendly banks with no real collateral to back up the loans. A poll conducted by Chosun Ilbo shows that a majority of Koreans – 58.6% — believe conditions are as bad now as they were then. Women – “more sensitive to fluctuation in household finances,” according to Chosun Ilbo — were more negative than men, 60.1% as opposed to 57%. That’s not too surprising considering that Korean women, often held back professionally, tend to take charge at home – and household debt led by mortgages, the paper reported from the Bank of Korea, exceeds 1.2 trillion won, about $965 million, up 11.4% from 2014. Young people are the most pessimistic – 72.7% of those in their 20’s believe the country is approaching a crisis. One student told me that many in the graduating class of his college, embarrassed by their failure to find jobs, don’t attend graduation ceremonies. Most postpone marriages until they’re at least 30, he said, while almost everyone he knows wants to go overseas for work or study – anything to get out of “Hell Joseon.” The saddest aspects of Korea’s economic malaise is a high suicide rate – highest among the 34 members of the Organization of Economic Development. Suicide ranks as the top cause of death among those aged 10 to 39. At the other end of the scale, suicides are highest among those 65 and older in a society in which children are less likely to care for their aging parents than in the days of yore. While the air slowly leaks out of the Korean economic balloon, the dollar keeps gaining in value against the won. The dollar, valued at about 1,100 Korean won in January 2015, has soared since then to 1,245 won. That should be good for exports – but not for typical Koreans paying ever higher prices on local markets. As elsewhere, the sense is that the rich are getting richer while ordinary people are squeezed relentlessly. “South Koreans continues to suffer from small injustices that reflect the existence of two realities here,” wrote Koo Se-woong in “Korea Exposé,” a critical website that he edits. One is “available only to those from the right backgrounds and another that is experienced by everyone else.” To read more of Don Kirk's commentaries on Asia news, click on www.donaldkirk.com, and the details of his books are available here.

Share the Korea Economic Reader with others!

If you wish others to receive this clipping service, please offer their email addresses. To get a copy of our latest book Doing Business in Korea, a

comprehensive , updated and expanded overview of conducting business affairs in Korea, go to the Seoul Selection web site. This book is also

available on iPad and Kindle (Korea Apple ID holders are excluded from

ordering from iTunes, but may be accessed via free Kindle app for iPads ).





Visit us at www.softlandingkorea.com The KER is sponsored by Onsite Studios commercial & family photographic services.





www.onsitestudios.biz                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0136216-fbc239675977381d56ad8c6c63ece652.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005705 00000000000 015065  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Former Tulsa County Sheriff Glanz's legal woes are about to take a turn for the worse.

KRMG has learned the law firm of Smolen, Smolen and Roytman has prepared two federal lawsuits which could be filed as early as today (Wednesday).

The first names Glanz, former reserve deputy Robert Bates, acting Sheriff Rick Weigel, and three sheriff's deputies who were involved in the April 2, 2015 death of Eric Harris.

Deputies Michael Huckeby, Joseph Byars, and Ricardo Vaca are the deputies named as defendants.

The suit claims Bates and deputies used excessive force in attempting to arrest Harris after an undercover operation involving the purchase of an illegal handgun.

After a brief pursuit, Harris was shot to death by Bates, a 73-year-old who claims he accidentally used his firearm when he meant to use his Taser.

"Bates is the longtime friend and financial supporter of Defendant, and former Tulsa County Sheriff, Stanley Glanz ('Sheriff Glanz')," according to a copy of the complaint obtained by KRMG. "Well before Mr.

Harris was shot dead, Sheriff Glanz knew that Bates did not have the necessary training or certifications to engage in TCSO’s field operations. Sheriff Glanz knew that Bates was not proficient with a firearm and posed a significant risk to the public. Yet, in a shameful display of cronyism run amok, Sheriff Glanz turned a blind eye to these dangers, in violation of his own policies and the United States Constitution, in order to allow his friend and financial benefactor to 'play cop' in the streets of Tulsa County. Eric Harris needlessly died as a direct consequence."

The suit alleges the use of excessive force in violation of the Fourth Amendment, and deliberate indifference to severe medical needs in violation of the Fourteenth Amendment.

It also claims Glanz and Weigel are liable for damages in their supervisory and official capacities.

"Acting Sheriff Weigel is liable for these unconstitutional policies and customs, purely in his official capacity, as Sheriff Glanz’s successor," the lawsuit states.

In a second lawsuit, Glanz, Bates and Weigel are named again, this time involving a traffic stop in which excessive force by Bates is again alleged.

The plaintiff in that case is Terry Bynum, who says Bates used a Taser on him after he was already on the ground and not resisting.

That incident occurred February 12, 2015, about six weeks before Bates' involvement in Eric Harris' death.

Both lawsuits seek actual and punitive damages in excess of $75,000.

Meanwhile, Bates still faces a count of second-degree manslaughter, while Glanz is charged with two misdemeanors related to his conduct in office, willful violation of the law and refusal to perform official duty.

After months of legal wrangling, including a petition drive which led to a grand jury, Glanz resigned from office in November of last year.

His attorneys filed a motion to dismiss the second count late in December.

A special election to choose a new sheriff is set for March 1st.                                                           0136259-b0df03008f551dc791da6b1f128c4f88.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000061576 00000000000 015127  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The first time I met my future mother-in-law, a professor at Columbia University and a longtime resident of the Upper West Side, she asked me in a challenging tone: “Why do you keep kosher?” I had been dating her daughter for all of two weeks and wasn’t looking to get into a theological or philosophical discussion, so I flippantly replied, “Because I’m a Jet.” I didn’t realize it at the time, but in my invocation of the Stephen Sondheim lyric from West Side Story, I was defining myself as a member of what was to become, over the ensuing quarter century, one of the fastest growing and most dynamic segments of the American Jewish community. Call it “Social Orthodoxy.”

Just like those Jets roaming the streets of Hell’s Kitchen together, I was “never alone” and “never disconnected.” Whether in synagogue or summer camp, making Shabbat dinner with friends or traveling through Israel, I always felt “home with your own” and “well protected.” Being Jewish meant being a member of a club, and not just any club: a club with a 3,000-year-old membership, its own language, calendar, culture, vast literature including histories and a code of law, and, of course, a special place on the map.

Much has been written about the Pew Research Center’s recent survey of American Jews, and most of the coverage has focused on the rapidly increasing pace of assimilation and intermarriage. The survey also revealed another troubling trend: 22 percent of all American Jews describe themselves as having no religion at all, and among Jews under 35, nearly one in three claim to have no religion. Alan Cooperman, deputy director of the Pew survey, painted a dim picture for the future: “It’s very stark. Older Jews are Jews by religion. Younger Jews are Jews of no religion.”

Yet the Pew survey revealed that Orthodox Jews, who make up only 10 percent of the community and are the smallest of the three major denominations, are the youngest segment of the Jewish community, have the most children, and rarely intermarry. This is among the reasons why the historian Jonathan Sarna has called Orthodox Judaism “the great success story of late-20th-century American Judaism,” and all the data suggest the same will be true for the 21st. Among the American Jewish community at large, the birth rate for those ages 40–59 is actually below the national average, with only 1.9 children per adult, and only 1.3 for the non-Orthodox. Within the Orthodox community, the number is 4.1. Twenty-seven percent of Jewish children today are growing up in Orthodox homes.

Just who makes up the Orthodox Jewish community? In popular culture, Orthodox Jews are hard to miss, especially the men: They wear white shirts, long black coats, and black hats, with sidecurls and long beards. This image is not inaccurate: The Pew data revealed that two-thirds of self-identifying Orthodox Jews are “ultra-Orthodox” Haredim (literally “tremblers before God”), and most of them dress much as their ancestors dressed in 18th-century Europe. But there is another segment of the Orthodox community, the Modern Orthodox, who look nothing like their Hasidic-looking co-religionists. This is my community, and it is a success story of its own.

Modern Orthodoxy has its origins in 19th-century Germany, where two leading rabbis, Samson Raphael Hirsch and Azriel Hildesheimer, argued that Jews could no longer seclude themselves behind shtetl walls but instead had to engage with the secular world and embrace modernity. Under the rubric of the catchphrase Torah im Derech Eretz (“Torah with the way of the land”), these rabbis posited that secular education was an affirmative duty for Jews. Hildesheimer even established schools for men and women that taught both religious and secular subjects.

It was in America in the 20th century that Modern Orthodoxy matured intellectually, under the “Rav,” Rabbi Joseph Soloveitchik (1903–93). He made a titanic effort to harmonize rigorous Jewish practice and thought together with all aspects of modernity—and became the champion of what is known as Torah Umadda (“Torah and secular knowledge”). At the same time, Modern Orthodoxy established itself as a social movement within American Jewry. Co-educational high school yeshivas and summer camps were established, as was Yeshiva University, the first institution of higher education in America established to teach both Jewish and secular studies. By the end of the 20th-century, a vibrant community of Modern Orthodox Jews had risen to positions of prominence in medicine, law, journalism, and academia. One was even nominated to be vice president; another became White House chief of staff and is now the secretary of the treasury; others commandeer boardrooms on Wall Street that were once closed to Jews.

Yet within this success there has been constant struggle in balancing the demands of a fully Jewish life and a place within the non-Jewish world. Living in their cloistered communities, Haredi Jews in certain respects have created an environment in which they can flourish through avoidance and rejection—of popular culture and the secular world. But for the Modern Orthodox, the challenges of modernity are unceasing. These Jews live in the present and engage it fully: Their children attend the nation’s best colleges and graduate schools, participate in athletic programs that often pose difficulties for Sabbath observance, are constantly surfing the Internet, and extensively interact with non-Jews.

And of course, owing to their engagement with the secular world, the Modern Orthodox have found themselves fully immersed in debates centered around the two great cultural fault lines of our generation: women’s rights and gay rights. Although many in the Modern Orthodox movement have tried to resist the pressure to afford women a more active role in synagogue services and have simply refused to acknowledge a role for homosexual couples within Orthodoxy, both of these walls are increasingly being breached.

The breach has been most pronounced in the case of women’s rights. Over the last decade, there has been a burgeoning of new “partnership” synagogues, in which men and women, divided by an Orthodox mechitza (a partition, so the sexes are separated when praying in synagogue), both participate as leaders in the services. And in the past few years, a prominent Orthodox rabbi, Avi Weiss, has begun to ordain women to serve as congregational rabbis. He has even established a women’s rabbinical college in New York. But the most recent indication that Modern Orthodoxy continues to bend to the zeitgeist comes from two of the most prominent Modern Orthodox high schools in New York City. These schools declared that girls are now permitted to wrap teffilin around their arms and foreheads when they say their morning prayers. Underscoring the tension inherent in being both “Modern” and “Orthodox,” rabbinic leaders at both schools made clear that even though such a practice was halachically (that is, legally) permissible, it was a communally “complicated” issue and would not be “recommended.”

Likewise, although Modern Orthodoxy has not followed Conservative and Reform Jews in approving gay marriage, a group of prominent Modern Orthodox rabbis issued a joint statement in 2010 urging members of their communities to accept homosexuals. And now gay couples are joining Modern Orthodox synagogues.

All of which raises the question: Are the Modern Orthodox in America really Orthodox?

As a matter of doctrine the fundamental tenet of Orthodox Judaism is the belief that on Mount Sinai, God transmitted to Moses both the written law (the Torah) and the oral law (the Talmud and certain other rabbinic texts). That is why Orthodox Judaism is generally resistant to changing interpretations of the law, except where there is some precedent for it in traditional law. To be sure, many Modern Orthodox rabbis and some of their congregants are steadfast in their faith and look to halacha to guide all aspects of their lives precisely because they believe it is the revealed word of God. But if unwavering acceptance of the Torah as divine is the precondition for Orthodoxy, then the term “Modern Orthodox” may well be a misnomer for many Jews who identify as Modern Orthodox. They might more accurately be described as Social Orthodox, with the emphasis on “Social.”

The Pew study offers insights that support this assessment. When compared with ultra-Orthodox Jews, Pew found that Modern Orthodox Jews are much less doctrinaire. Consider, for example, the question of faith. Among the ultra-Orthodox, 96 percent report that they believe in God with absolute certainty and 89 percent say that religion is very important in their lives. The percentage among Modern Orthodox Jews who feel equally certain in their faith is 77 percent, with a similar number reporting that religion is very important in their lives.

On the other hand, even though many Modern Orthodox Jews express a degree of doubt about their faith, in several important respects they are the most engaged part of the American Jewish community. For example, Modern Orthodox Jews are significantly more likely to be members of Jewish organizations (52 percent) than the ultra-Orthodox (33 percent), Conservative (27 percent), or Reform (20 percent). And when it comes to their attachment to Israel, the contrast is even greater, with 79 percent of Modern Orthodox Jews reporting that “caring about Israel” is an essential part of being Jewish, as compared with only 56 percent among the ultra-Orthodox, 58 percent among Conservatives, and 42 percent among Reform.

These survey results are reinforced by observing communities with great concentrations of Orthodox Jews. Two years ago, the UJA-Federation conducted a survey of the New York Jewish community, which, with nearly a half million Orthodox Jews, is the largest such community outside of Israel. Taking a more granular view than Pew did, the UJA subdivided the Orthodox into three categories: Hasidic, yeshivish, and Modern Orthodox. The first two, which account for two-thirds of New York’s Orthodox Jewish population, share several features in common and generally fit within the broad grouping of Haredim. They are very strict in their interpretations of Jewish law and live predominantly in concentrated communities often segregated from other Jews and non-Jewish communities. (A significant difference between Hasidic and yeshivish Jews is in education: The latter are more likely than the former to send their children to college.)

One of the major findings of the UJA study was that the Modern Orthodox (whom the UJA survey concluded were almost as distant from the Haredim as from the non-Orthodox) are more engaged in broad Jewish communal life than either the Haredim or the less observant and much more numerous Conservative and Reform communities. In totality, the Modern Orthodox are by far the most engaged group of American Jews. They reported greater participation in Jewish-community-center programs, more visits to museums or Jewish cultural events, more use of the Internet for Jewish purposes, along with their significantly greater attachment to the state of Israel. And while their birthrate is significantly lower than that of the Haredi community, it is double that of non-Orthodox Jews. The fact is that with an intermarriage rate among non-Orthodox Jews now higher than 70 percent, and with the ultra-Orthodox disengaging from the secular world as they cloister themselves in their self-contained communities, the Modern Orthodox may well be the best hope for an ongoing American Jewry that is part of the fabric of 21st-century American life—despite being only 3 percent of the total community.

What can we glean from all this data? That many self-identifying Modern Orthodox Jews, despite being more “Modern” than “Orthodox,” are living intensely Jewish lives. And precisely because of their dogma-averse approach to theology and to halacha, they are recapturing some of the creativity of rabbinic Judaism, which has ossified over time as, in the words of the Orthodox theologian Eliezer Berkovitz, many Orthodox Jews have become “Karaites of the Oral Law.” And this is the essence of Social Orthodoxy.

Social Orthodox Jews fully embrace Jewish culture and Jewish community. And they are committed to the survival of the Jewish people. Indeed, that is their raison d’être. Furthermore, because religious practice is an essential component of Jewish continuity, Social Orthodox Jews are observant—and not because they are trembling before God.

Some years after I first channeled the Jets to explain my Judaism, I had a conversation about religion with a devout Catholic friend. When I explained that I was an observant Jew and began each day by reciting the morning prayers but wasn’t really sure how God fit into my life, he was perplexed. When I admitted that these theological questions didn’t really occupy much of my attention and certainly weren’t particularly germane to my life as an observant Jew, he became agitated. And when I told him that I certainly wasn’t sure if Jewish law was divine or simply the result of two millennia of rabbinical interpretations, he threw up his hands and said: “How can you do everything you do, and live a life with so many restrictions and so many obligations, if you don’t even believe in God?”

I responded that there is a long tradition in Judaism of engaging first in religious practices and letting matters of faith come later. In the book of Exodus, after Moses has received the Commandments from God, he begins to instruct the Jewish people in the law; their immediate response is na’aseh v’nishma: “We will do first and understand afterwards.” I explained that while I understood that Catholicism, along with the other branches of Christianity, was essentially a religion based on the belief that Jesus is the son of God and the savior of humanity, Judaism is a complex blend of radical monotheism and peoplehood. In the Bible, the Jewish people are referred to not as a religious denomination, but as b’nai Yisrael, the children of Israel, the descendants of Jacob. Throughout history, Jews have referred to themselves as am Yisrael, the nation of Israel. The vast corpus of Jewish law, all 613 biblical commandments as well as the Oral Tradition, is a guide to how one lives a Jewish life as a member of the Jewish people.

And so for me, and I imagine for many others like me, the key to Jewish living is not our religious beliefs but our commitment to a set of practices and values that foster community and continuity. In this way, both Modern and Social Orthodoxy owe an ironic debt to Mordecai Kaplan, perhaps the most iconoclastic American rabbi and thinker of the 20th century. In the first decades of that century, Kaplan occupied pulpits in two of the most prominent Orthodox synagogues in New York City—Kehilath Jeshurun and the Jewish Center—and he was one of the founders of the Modern Orthodox “Young Israel” synagogue movement. He taught at the Jewish Theological Seminary, the center of Conservative Judaism. And then he made the radical move of creating an entirely new movement, Reconstructionism. In 1945, he was excommunicated by the Union of Orthodox Rabbis for what it deemed an unforgivable act of heresy—authoring a Prayer Book in which he eliminated every reference to the Jews as the “Chosen people.” His excommunication ceremony concluded with a public burning of the book.

Although Kaplan followed Jewish practices rigorously all his life (he died in 1983 at the age of 102), he was also a modernist who believed that modern science and archeology discredited faith in a divine supernatural being who acted in history, dishing out rewards and punishments. As he wrote in 1937 in The Meaning of God in Modern Jewish Religion, “the very notion that any text written hundreds of years ago, at a time when the social situation was radically different from what it is today, can give us clear and valuable guidance in deciding, ethically, issues that did not arise until recent times is utterly antagonistic to the modern evolutionary outlook.”

He was deeply influenced by Ahad Ha’am (1856–1927), the founder of Cultural Zionism and one of the people responsible for the rebirth of Hebrew as a spoken language. Like Ahad Ha’am, Kaplan also believed powerfully in Jewish peoplehood and culture. He dedicated himself to developing a Jewish theology that would reconcile reason and faith in the service of building Jewish community. As he explained in his most famous work, Judaism as a Civilization (1934), Judaism comprises a variety of what he called “sancta”: ethical principles, sacred texts, language, land, traditions, a unique calendar, and other indicia of community.

Kaplan’s Reconstructionist movement, from its inception, has remained a tiny minority within a minority. And yet, nearly 70 years after his excommunication, Kaplan’s perspective is surprisingly resonant within that of the Modern Orthodox world. As both the UJA and Pew data revealed, many Modern Orthodox Jews are more focused on living a Jewish life than they are on theology or a rigid set of rules. Modern Orthodox day schools teach evolution unapologetically, notwithstanding the literal text of Genesis. And they have begun to accommodate gay and lesbian students, notwithstanding the literal text of Leviticus, with one school even establishing a club as a forum for students to discuss matters of sexuality and identity. Notably, in Modern Orthodox day schools, much to the chagrin of their teachers, many students have taken to observing what they call “half shabbos”—the practice of going to synagogue and keeping the Sabbath, but using their iPhones and Blackberries to text on the Sabbath, despite the rabbinical prohibition on using electronics.

The Jewish Week, a New York paper, sent shock waves through the city’s Orthodox community a few years ago with an exposé reporting that texting on the Sabbath is becoming “an increasingly common ‘addiction’?” among Modern Orthodox teens. Rabbi Steven Burg, the international director of the Orthodox Union’s NCSY youth group, freely acknowledged in the article that “teens who text on Shabbat are an open secret in their schools and social circles.” And although two professors at Yeshiva University’s graduate school of education determined, in a survey hastily conducted the week following the publication of the article, that the percentage of Modern Orthodox teens who regularly text, surf the Internet, or use their cellphones on the Sabbath was only 15 percent, anecdotal evidence suggests it is much higher.

Yet despite such halachic foot-faults, these same Modern Orthodox Jewish teenagers and their families lead lives that are completely focused on Jewish values, ideals, and rituals. The adults attend synagogue regularly, participate in Torah and Talmud classes organized by their synagogues, donate significantly to Jewish communal organizations, and travel to Israel frequently. Their children study in dual-curriculum schools (often for 13 years); many then take a year off before college to study Talmud in Israel; and a great number spend their summers in Zionist Orthodox camps.

In perceiving the need to root American Judaism in something more tangible and rational than pure faith, Kaplan foresaw American Jewish practice that was focused primarily on community and secondarily on God. Many of his innovations, which still flourish today, gave structure to his reconstruction of Judaism. He instituted the practice of giving girls bat-mitzvahs (his daughter had the first one in 1922); after long resistance, Modern Orthodoxy has figured out ways to accommodate this ritual. Kaplan organized the first synagogue-as-community in America in 1916 when he founded the Jewish Center on the Upper West Side—the first “shul with a pool.” That innovation has been adopted widely in the Modern Orthodox community, with every synagogue now running a wide range of educational and social programs for adults and children.

In one critical respect, however, Kaplan missed the mark. Drawing on his background in sociology, Kaplan argued that with respect to organizing one’s life as a Jew, “belonging precedes behaving precedes believing.” By this he meant that the feeling of being a member of a group generally comes before adopting the group’s distinctive practices, which in turns comes before accepting the group’s core beliefs.

Because he sought to differentiate himself from traditional Orthodox Judaism, which centers on believing and behaving, Kaplan argued that the most elementary form of Jewish identification is belonging—what Reverend Stefan Jonasson has described as “the intuitive sense of kinship that binds a Jew to every other Jew in history and in the contemporary world.” Unquestionably, belonging is a powerful component of Jewish identity. After all, we constantly invoke our connection to our ancestors—Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob—and annually re-create the Exodus from Egypt, so we can feel that sense of belonging. Kaplan was wrong, however, in concluding that belonging precedes behaving. In fact, for many observant Jews, and certainly for Social Orthodox Jews, behaving is the first step. And it is actually the one necessary step. For it is through one’s behavior as a Jew—whether traveling to Israel as part of an organized tour, participating in a Passover Seder, attending a Sabbath meal, or just speaking Hebrew—that one gains the powerful feeling of belonging.

The best evidence that neither belonging nor believing promotes Jewish continuity as powerfully as behaving is found in the last part of the Pew study, where the authors describe their findings from interviews with several hundred individuals who are not Jewish under any recognized definition (they have no Jewish parent and have not converted), but who nevertheless claim to have an affinity for Judaism.

Ironically, these non-Jews who claim to belong to the Jewish community (and Pew suggests that more than a million individuals fit into this category) tend to be more God-centered in their faith (at least when measured by their faith in God) than the rest of the Jewish community—and nearly a third of this group root their Jewishness in the fact that Jesus was Jewish. Not surprisingly, the Pew study found that this group (which only rarely engages in Jewish rituals) is far less involved in Jewish communal life (whether synagogue attendance or membership in Jewish organizations) than those of any denomination who are born into Jewish homes or convert to Judaism.

In short, they do not behave, so they do not really belong—whatever it is that they believe.

As for me: I start my day each morning by donning my tefillin before heading to my office at a law firm. I eat out in restaurants several times a month only to pass up 90 percent of the menu in favor of vegetarian fare because I keep kosher. I occasionally find myself stuck in cities on a Friday far from home because I cannot travel back to New York City in time for the arrival of the Sabbath. I go to synagogue each week and celebrate all the Jewish holidays. My children attend a Modern Orthodox day school, and my college-age daughter served as a soldier in the Israeli army. And I am proud to be a Zionist. Unless one were to look very carefully, I would appear to be the very model of an Orthodox Jew, albeit a modern one. But I also pick and choose from the menu of Jewish rituals without fear of divine retribution. And I root my identity much more in Jewish culture, history, and nationality than in faith and commandments. I am a Social Orthodox Jew, and I am not alone.

I once asked my father why he studies Jewish texts and practices Jewish rituals so rigorously. I knew he was agnostic when it came to matters of faith. He told me that he observes the Commandments because that is what connects him to Jews across continents and centuries. He said that he views halacha as a compass, and that every Jew, even if he or she chooses to take some detours along the way, should know which direction is true north.

Whether such a cultural tradition can be sufficiently transmitted to the next generation is a fair question. Certainly, a neat theological package provides parents with a more direct message to convey to their children. Yet there is also an authenticity in a dynamic Judaism that recognizes its origins as a national identity. As Leon Roth, the first professor of philosophy at the Hebrew University observed, dogmalessness is “the only dogma in Judaism.”

So it is with many Social Orthodox Jews. We generally choose to head north, where halacha dictates. But we live in the modern world, and occasionally we explore the pathways around the edges of halacha. Much more important to us than theology, however, is maintaining the continuity of the Jewish people.

What Kaplan called “civilization” and Ahad Ha’am called a “national culture” is what moves many of us. We behave as Jews so we can belong as Jews. Some of us may even come to believe. The key, however, is that we live Jewish lives so we will not be disconnected, and we will never be alone.                                                                                                                                  0136242-2481306f2fd68b817b91d560e9d60673.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006433 00000000000 014627  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        [oldembed src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/b8k5CD2Hkko?rel=0" width="425" height="319" resize="1" fid="21"]

As we know, Republicans can't win a national election unless they steal it. So as we count down to the presidential election, Republican election officials around the country are making all sorts of "mistakes" and accidentally "forgetting" all kinds of details:

WASHINGTON -- Democratic activists in Riverside County, Calif., claim that a Republican voter outreach project may be illegally registering Democrats as Republicans to boost the GOP's registration advantage, according to CaliforniaWatch.org, an investigative journalism outfit.

The website reports, "In a complaint filed last week with the county registrar of voters, the Democrats presented affidavits from 133 Democratic voters who said they had been re-registered as Republicans without their consent after they encountered petition circulators outside welfare offices and stores.

"A local Democratic Party spokesman told CaliforniaWatch.org that the registration project's efforts may aid GOP fundraising efforts (by making local races seem more winnable) and impede Democrats' ability to turn out their voters. A spokeswoman for the Golden State Voter Participation Project denied the allegations, saying, "Our canvassers are trained about the laws, the rules and how to conduct themselves."

Here are some other election-related mishaps in the news:In Palm Beach County, Fla., election officials are red-faced about yet another printing error on absentee ballots. As HuffPost reported last week, the county must manually fill out copies of 27,000 absentee ballots that can't be digitally scanned because of a design error. On Monday, elections supervisor Susan Bucher told the Palm Beach Post that she had to send new absentee ballots to another 500 voters because the flawed ballots they received didn't contain one of 11 proposed amendments to the state's constitution. The ballots also allow people to vote twice on three of those amendments because one of the ballot pages appears twice. [Ed. note: Bucher is a Democrat. This information was not added until today because I couldn't get in to edit the post while the server was down.]

In Lakeland, Fla., an editorial in The Ledger warns that strict rules for counting absentee ballots may prevent some ballots from being counted. It points to a provision of Florida law that states, "After an absentee ballot is received by the supervisor, the ballot is deemed to have been cast, and changes or additions may not be made to the voter's certificate." The concern is that voters who don't sign their absentee ballots before turning them in will have their ballots invalidated. In a swing state like Florida, every vote may make a difference: A mere 537 Florida votes separated George W. Bush from Al Gore 12 years ago.

In Oneida County, N.Y., officials say the cost of fixing a typo on 130,000 ballots will be about $75,000, according to the Utica Observer-Dispatch. The newspaper reports that the county had to print brand-new ballots because the "c" was missing from President Barack Obama's first name. "I called the printer [Albany-based Fort Orange Press]," County Executive Anthony Picente told the paper. "She can cry poor me [in] this election and that election. They did it wrong and this is an embarrassment."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136254-f23230b96c0af982a9062a274df21f33.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006510 00000000000 014740  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        • We have a job to do with 15,000 people against us, says Aidy Boothroyd • England expect to stick with the side who saw off Slovakia

Aidy Boothroyd has urged his England players to rise to the challenge of facing the tournament hosts, Poland, in their final group stage match at the European Under‑21 Championship as they bid to reach the semi-finals for the first time in four attempts.

Despite being heavily outnumbered in the stands during their games against Sweden and Slovakia, England go into the game on top of Group A with four points and knowing victory on Thursday would secure a last-four place.

Several first-choice players including the captain, James Ward‑Prowse, and the Chelsea striker Tammy Abraham, who is poised to join Swansea City on loan next season, sat out training on Wednesday but Boothroyd insisted that was merely a precautionary measure.

Spain Under-21s reap benefit of experience England can only dream of Read more

“We were quite pleased with a point from our first game but it’s taken a bit of waking up to realise we had to win against Slovakia and we have to win this one, too,” he said. “We don’t want to put our future in anyone else’s hands.

“We’re here to go as far as we can and if we keep improving then why can’t we reach the semis and go beyond that? But first things first, what we definitely won’t do is get carried away and complacent.

“We’ve got a job to do against a really good team with 15,000 people behind them and against us. When we go out on the pitch we have to make sure that we deliver a performance that earns the respect of the crowd.”

England are expected to stick with the side who began the second half against Slovakia, when they battled back from a goal down to secure a 2-1 win. That means Norwich City’s Jacob Murphy could once more be deployed in an unfamiliar right-back role, with Nathan Redmond continuing to partner Abraham up front as they go in search of another win, with only the group winners certain to reach the semi-finals.

“You’ve always got to give respect to your opponent and maybe tweak a few things,” Boothroyd said. “Anybody at this level is tough and in our group anyone can still go through so we can get all kinds of results. We’re in the driving seat and we’ve got to make sure we do our job professionally and don’t get caught up in all the Polish passion.”

Spain became the first side to reach the semi-final on Tuesday after beating Portugal 3-1, meaning that England will avoid the tournament favourites if they can get past Poland. Boothroyd appeared relaxed as he discussed his side’s prospects of challenging for a first title at this level since 1984, even revealing that he had invested in a loud new pair of brogues ahead of the tournament in an attempt to lighten the mood among the squad.

“I knew there would be a little bit of stress and a little bit of pressure so I thought I would buy a pair of shoes that might be talking point and take some off the heat off them,” he said. “As soon as I put them on Nathan Redmond looked at them and said: ‘Strange shoes, boss.’ So they are a nice little distraction.

“It’s pressure you want. You don’t want to not have pressure in your life. You need a bit of pressure, it keeps you healthy. It’s good in many ways and is important because it helps keep everyone calm.”                                                                                                                                                                                        0136088-82c6d9c2d728710c3a8b15b64fe61660.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003424 00000000000 014762  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        India would be safer in the hands of Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi rather than with Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi, said RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav’s brother-in-law Sadhu Yadav on Saturday.

Yadav, who met Modi in Gandhinagar yesterday, said the nation comes first for him.

“For me, the country is big and I think about the country. And the country is looking forward to Narendra Modi. Whatever Narendra Modi says, he says about the country. So, I am seeing that the country will be safe in his hands,” Yadav told Asian News International (ANI) here.

“Had Rahul Gandhi been effective, he would have talked about the country at large. He does not talk about the country. Narendra Modi is talking and thinking about the country. So, we are talking about Narendra Modi,” he added

Yadav, who is likely to be expelled from his party following his latest remarks, said the Congress Party is not thinking about the country.

“The Congress is not talking about national security. The Congress Party is not thinking about the country. So, Narendra Modi is better and he is thinking about the country,” he added.

Yadav, who is the Congress leader from Bihar, yesterday lauded the Gujarat Chief Minister after meeting, and said the people of the country want to see the BJP’s poll panel chief as the Prime Minister.

“It doesn't matter whether the Congress wants or not, the people of the country want him,” he had said.

Yadav ruled out that there was any hidden agenda behind his meeting the Gujarat Chief Minister.

“Is Narendra Modi an untouchable? Is he not an Indian citizen? There was no agenda in it. I met him because I was in the city,” he said.

Yadav, a former Rajya Sabha MP, had quit the RJD after being denied an election ticket in 2009 and then joined the Congress.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0136281-3ba4295a952b013c3ec9ca330ae01187.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005316 00000000000 015005  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A home break-in that resulted in two men being shot – one of whom was later charged with burglary, robbery and kidnapping – was the result of a domain name dispute, cops have said.

Sherman Hopkins, 43, broke into a house in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, America, last month armed with a gun, it is alleged. Rather than making off with some jewelry or a flatscreen TV, however, it is claimed Hopkins confronted the owner – 26-year-old Ethan Deyo – and, at gunpoint, attempted to get him to transfer a domain name to an unnamed third party.

"Hopkins forced Deyo to log on to his computer and tried to coerce Deyo to transfer a domain name," a criminal complaint filed this week by the Linn County Attorney’s Office states, although it fails to say what the domain name was.

We called the police department and asked. They wouldn't tell us the name but noted it was "valuable." "We will release the name of the domain after our investigation is complete," a police spokesman told The Register.

Right now, the cops are looking into the details of the third person that Deyo was asked to transfer the name to and whether that person "had an influence" on Hopkins' alleged behavior.

Not random

One thing the police are sure about: it was no random act. Hopkins turned up with the "express purpose" of forcing Deyo to hand over control of a specific domain name, it is claimed. Hopkins and Deyo did not know one another, raising suspicions that he may have been hired by the third party to get hold of the name.

That raises more questions: why would someone take such an extremely risky approach to getting hold of a domain name?

A clue may be in what Deyo does for a living: he advertises himself as a content specialist online and sells his ability to "create engaging content for online businesses." As part of the police investigation, they are looking into whether the third party was looking to have the domain name returned to them, or whether they were seeking to grab it off Deyo.

We ran a reverse domain search and couldn't find a name registered by Deyo that was of such value that it would be worth sending someone around with a gun.

Deyo has registered a few names for a family member (variations on Deer Run Hamilton – Hamilton being in Illinois), and a few "Iowa Web Pro" domain variations. But his main EthanDeyo.com website uses GoDaddy privacy service, and presumably as a web professional he would follow standard practice and pay for the additional privacy for his client.

All of which suggests that someone knew that Deyo had control over a valuable domain, despite it not being publicly listed, and decided that threatening him with a gun to hand it over was the best course of action.

We have contacted Deyo and asked for clarification.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136176-dd1996f5eeb91b5db29a55cc113dd4d7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000023765 00000000000 015356  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Personal growth and development, what's that really mean? It means continually improving in all aspects of your life. Do you want to improve your relationships? How about your health, finances, skills, or business?

These twenty books have improved all of those aspects in my life. If you read them and put the ideas found there into action, I know they will improve your life as well.

I've read thousands of books over the years, and believe my reading habit more than anything else has been instrumental in my success. I now run a multi-million dollar IT company, serve on multiple company boards, coach a Toastmasters club, lead several groups at church including a leadership development group, run this website, and have a wonderful wife and 5 children.

Warren Buffett, who is considered by many to be the greatest investor who ever lived, once said, "The best investment you can make is in yourself."

Decide to make an investment in your future today by reading these life-changing books and implementing the ideas you find there, and you'll be amazed how much your life can improve.





Don't miss signing up for our reading challenge and read a book that we recommend each month to form a new healthy habit!

Jump to section:





Best of luck on your journey!









Unless you've been living under a rock for the last decade, I'm sure you've heard of Dave Ramsey. This is one of his best pieces in my opinion. You'll learn the core habits that you'll need to have in order to get your spending under control and start investing for the future. Before you can even think of running a business or something like that, you've got to have your finances in order. Start here.More than 20 years of research went into this book, figuring out how the wealthy actually behave. Read this one for an in-depth look into what it actually takes to become and stay wealthy. You'll be able to identify the seven common traits of the average millionaire and hopefully begin implementing those habits into your own life by the end of this book.First published in 1926, this book is still topping the charts nearly a century later. There's a reason for that. One of the quickest reads you'll find here, George Clason boils the essentials of building up wealth into a short and very easy to read story.Thinking of investing in the stock or bond market? Read the Intelligent Investor before you do anything other than picking a target date fund or an index fund for your 401k. You'll learn the essentials of what makes up a stock price like P/E, P/B, EPS, and when stocks might be getting overvalued.Tired of trying scrambling to figure out where you can save an extra few dollars when you don't even have enough money to cover your bills? Think and Grow Rich is about changing your mindset and focusing on the income portion of your finances. If you want to have a practical way of meeting your goals and truly growing yourself, this is the book for you. This is more than just how to become rich, it provides a practical framework for working toward nearly any major life goal.Drawing upon a six-year research project at the Stanford University Graduate School of Business, James C. Collins and Jerry I. Porras took eighteen truly exceptional and long-lasting companies and studied each in direct comparison to one of its top competitors. They examined the companies from their very beginnings to the present day -- as start-ups, as midsize companies, and as large corporations. Throughout, the authors asked: "What makes the truly exceptional companies different from the comparison companies and what were the common practices these enduringly great companies followed throughout their history?" Filled with hundreds of examples, this book is bound to help you in your business!A research team took 5 years to pour through mountains of data to find out why some companies make the leap from merely being good to being great, and why others do not. With clear findings on what these companies did differently, this fascinating work has become the go-to book for companies who are stuck and looking to grow.SPIN Selling is essential reading for anyone involved in selling or managing a sales force. Unquestionably the best-documented account of sales success ever collected and the result of the Huthwaite corporation's massive 12-year, $1-million dollar research into effective sales performance, this groundbreaking resource details the revolutionary SPIN (Situation, Problem, Implication, Need-payoff) strategy. Looking to grow your sales? Read this!John Maxwell gives a clear picture on how leadership really works in this outstanding book. Ever had one of those bad bosses that you only follow because you have to? Don't be that boss! Ever been in an organization where everyone knows who the real leader is even though they don't have an official title? How do they do that?This book delivers a clear framework for how to reach the pinnacle of success as a leader, driving results while developing deep relationships. One of my favorites, I believe this should be required reading for anyone in a leadership or management position.Are you in the business of serving customers in some way? That was a rhetorical question! Of course you are! If you would like to know the practical steps you and your team need to be taking to ensure that your customers are raving fans, you need to read this! Based on my experience with leading a service department for more than a decade that consistently wins top honors on a national level, I can personally vouch that these ideas work.You may not actually be screaming at your partner, but are you a little frustrated with how things are going? Screaming takes many forms, including silence when things get rough. Maybe you have a great relationship, but want it to be even better. Written by a world-renowned expert on helping families resolve conflict and create healthy relationships, this book is the place to start to grow your relationships. Even if you are not married you'll learn ways of responding to others so that your relationship grows deeper and your conflicts become manageable.ScreamFree and Parenting don't go together in the same sentence, do they? With 5 kids myself, I can tell you that while you will likely still pull your hair out at times, this book will make a major impact on your family. This isn't just about lowering your voice, it gives practical advice on how to control your own emotional reactions and respond effectively so that you and your kids will have a better relationship. Take charge of your family confidently and lead well with the wisdom captured in this book, you and your kids will be thankful you read this!Trust, you either have it or you don't, right? This book challenges that assumption by giving practical advice on how to rapidly build and rebuild trust. After reading this book, I realized it described exactly what I couldn't put into words about what the people I trust did. If you thoroughly trust those around you, things will happen at lightning speed, especially in business. Learn how to foster that by reading this excellent book!Are you thinking about marriage? How do you know if this is really the right fit? My wife and I used this intensive workbook to make sure we were on the right track before we got married. You and your partner will be asked hard questions you've never even thought of, and be able to work through scenarios before they happen to make sure you are on the same page. Why wouldn't you invest some time into this before committing to spending the rest of your life with someone? This book brought us much closer together and made it obvious that we were making the right choice.You know the feeling. You meet someone, and the two of you just instantly "Click". How does that happen? This fascinating piece of work digs into the factors that go into this magical feeling and gives practical advice on how to give yourself the best chances of making it happen on a regular basis.For more than 60 years this book has topped the charts. Number one for a reason, the title says it all. Business or personal relationships, this should be a required read for everyone in my opinion!This book is one of my absolute favorites of all time. Daniel Coyle goes to 9 of the world's talent hotbeds that have consistently churned out people who have world class talent to find the answers to the questions "What is the secret of talent and how do we unlock it?" He also engages cutting edge research into how the brain develops to show us three key elements that we need to be doing to grow ourselves in any area we are interested in.I'm getting more done in less time, but where are the rich relationships, the inner peace, the balance, the confidence that I'm doing what matters most and doing it well?Does this nagging question haunt you, even when you feel you are being your most efficient? If so, First Things First can help you understand why so often our first things aren't first. Rather than offering you another clock, First Things First provides you with a compass, because where you're headed is more important than how fast you're going. Are you heading in the right direction?One of the most inspiring and impactful books ever written, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People has captivated readers for 25 years. It has transformed the lives of Presidents and CEOs, educators and parents— in short, millions of people of all ages and occupations. It has impacted my life, will you allow it to impact yours?Are you doing what you do best every day? My guess is you aren't. Why do we worry so much about those things that we don't do well rather than focusing on those things we do really well? This best-selling book will help you identify what your strengths actually are, and get you focusing on the areas you can truly be great in.If I've missed one of your favorites, I'd love to hear about it! Join our book club to participate! If you got some benefit out of this list, make sure to share it so that others can benefit as well!A little overwhelmed with where to start? Put your personal development journey on auto pilot with a book recommendation each month designed to challenge and grow you!           0136262-f108cfa6dc98f565e7fd2106761d16fd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012671 00000000000 015214  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        

Watch: Trump's Budget Is Making America Not Great

Do More Than Watch: Share This act.tv Video

Who Benefits from Cutting the NIH?

President Donald Trump's first budget request to Congress includes cutting 20% of the funding for the institute that supports the most basic biomedical research in the country, The National Institutes of Health. Funding to other scientific agencies, especially those focused on climate change and the environment would also be deeply affected including cuts of 40% in science programs at the Environmental Protection Agency and 26% of funding to the main research arm of the National Oceanic And Atmospheric Administration. The Department of Energy's Office of Science would lose $900 million, 5% of NASA's earth science budget would be gone.

These cuts are intended to offset the cost of what can only be viewed as Trump/Bannon’s plans for increased war, evidenced by a $54 billion rise in military spending. Either that or he is planning on using it for international golf resort defense and occupation. In either case, his budget plan offers the clearest snapshot of Trump’s priorities to date.



Photo: Donald Trump, showing how small his hands are.

For years the National Institutes of Health have received bipartisan support. Unless the voting public has gotten distorted beyond the point of even faint recognition, political reality dictates that no congressperson can go back to his or her home district and proudly proclaim to have cut funding for medical research into grandma’s cancer, mom’s heart disease, baby’s developmental disorders and Trump’s mental illness. The White House’s NIH cuts are likely to face stiff opposition from both parties. And it pays to remember that congress is the one who passes the budget.

Yet the question remains, if both parties support the NIH, whom is Trump representing when he cuts it? Big Pharma. That’s who.

The National Institutes of Health is based on the idea that science is a public good. It’s mission, which has not (yet?) been scrubbed from the NIH.gov website, is “to seek fundamental knowledge about the nature and behavior of living systems and the application of that knowledge to enhance health, lengthen life, and reduce illness and disability.” If a researcher, in a university or otherwise, gets funding from the NIH she or he is required to make the data accessible to all other researchers. Cutting funding of scientific research, the results of which must be shared with other scientists for the purpose of the general advance of human knowledge, doesn’t mean scientific research will not be done. It means it will not be shared.

↓ Story continues below ↓

Scientific research is going to be done. If the pharmaceutical industry is going to keep making drugs and money, and you bet your Aciphex and Prilosec they are, they need research. If a company does its own research in house, all the information they find becomes proprietary. They will own the knowledge and discoveries they find. When information becomes privatized, it will then, of course, be monetized. Introducing a profit motive to basic medical research will result in the delay of lifesaving discoveries, skyrocketing prices for treatments, and missing discoveries altogether, since the nature of scientific discovery is that results often come from research unrelated to the goals one is trying to achieve or from the synthesis of different independent discoveries. Currently for every public dollar spent on basic research, the pharmaceutical industry benefits 8 fold. And practically all of their work has followed from publically funded work published in medical journals. Either Trump doesn’t know that cutting the NIH will hurt his good buddy Big Pharma or the industry stands to gain far more from privatizing the research process.



Representation of Trump and his good buddy Big Pharma.Can you guess who is who?

Scientific discovery and the cures that come from it will, of course be hamstrung under a private corporate research system. The corporate sector views basic research, the kind that other discoveries spring from but whose outcomes cannot easily be predicted, as highly risky. Minimizing financial risk is the bottom line in the corporate world. Without publically funded and sharable research, the public is likely to only see small, relatively low-risk iterations of the same treatments and drugs we already have on the market. So unless your cure is already out there, cutting funding to the NIH means you are far less likely to have it discovered any time soon. The less research that comes out in the literature, the less will come out of industry.

We must keep science, at least partially, in the public interest. The only way to do that is via government agency. Besides treating disease, funding science via the National Institute of Health is an investment in the training of future scientists and the creativity that drives scientific innovation, which is at least at present, is the envy of the rest of the world.

Scientists and those who believe in policy based on rational inquiry are mobilizing to resist the Trump agenda. You can join the March for Science in DC or in your own town on Saturday April 22nd 2017. Or call your congressperson on this one to let them know you believe in scientific research as a public good and oppose cutting the NIH. Or you can share this article.

Julianna Forlano is a writer, professor, host and public speaker. Find her work at JuliannaForlano.com Follow on Twitter @JuliannaForlano                                                                       0136261-0f64016bf5dbdab359d9c117ac7e0f42.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001517 00000000000 015240  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        According to a report by our friends over at The Daily Dot, Reddit had a heck of a holiday season last month.

The wildly popular social network for sharing links, photos, memes, and everything in between is a wrecking ball on the Internet, stirring up political debates and campaigns to leave Go Daddy.

The 2 billion pageviews in December 2011 doubles the traffic it saw the year before in 2010, and the site has tripled visits from unique users.

Reddit has picked up where Digg dropped the ball, bringing insane amounts of traffic to links hitting its homepage. The site has also become a huge hub for discussion about SOPA, the ultra controversial Stop Online Piracy Act that could cause trouble for Reddit.

New to Reddit? Check out our guide for newbies.

Read next: Nokia paints a plane in India with the Lumia 800 brush - and it's heinous                                                                                                                                                                                 0136133-a216617b6297bd84fa25c2d96174c451.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015467 00000000000 014703  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Bears quarterback Jay Cutler is chased by Mike Daniels (76) and Mike Neal (96) as he runs for a first down during the first quarter at Soldier Field. (Photo: Getty Images)

At the quarter post of the season, the Green Bay Packers rank last in the NFL in run defense.

Now, the NFL is a bottom-line business, and the Packers beat the Chicago Bears on Sunday. So that and their 2-2 record matter most.

But their run defense blew up against a Bears team that had struggled running the ball its first three games. And the Packers' problems stopping the run through four games are a big issue going forward. You can't challenge for championships with one of the worst run defenses in the game.

It's natural to question whether the Packers' run-stopping woes go back to the changes on the defensive line and scheme in the offseason. They didn't bring back Ryan Pickett and Johnny Jolly, and they lost B.J. Raji during training camp to a season-ending biceps injury. All three were in the range of 330 pounds or more. The Packers now have a smaller, quicker defensive line.

But good run defense doesn't require a huge defensive line, and a huge defensive line doesn't guarantee good run defense. Last year, the Packers were among the league's lowest-rated run defenses (No. 25 in yards allowed per game and No. 29 in yards allowed per carry) with Pickett, Raji and Jolly playing regularly.

And this season, the Seattle Seahawks are one the NFL's best run defenses (Nos. 5 and 1, respectively) even though they don't have any behemoths. Their defensive tackles range from 303 pounds to 313 pounds. Defensive linemen that size still can play good or even great run defense, but they have to play strong and be disciplined within the scheme.

You have to think the Packers' defensive coaches and players were appalled when they looked at the final stat sheet Sunday and saw they gave up 496 total yards to the Bears, including 235 rushing. Time and again, halfbacks Matt Forte (122 yards on 23 carries) and Ka'Deem Carey (72 yards on 14 carries) slashed through their defense for nice gains. And it's not like one or two big runs distorted the numbers. The Bears' long rush was only 19 yards.

To accommodate their smaller and quicker linemen, the Packers are operating in a new gap-attacking run defense, as opposed to the two-gap, read-and-react scheme coordinator Dom Capers had used from 2009 through last season. Watching the videotape from Sunday, one thing stood out: The Packers too often were undisciplined or out of control in the trenches against the run.

Defensive lineman Letroy Guion, for instance, got too far upfield on several occasions that helped turn short runs into medium gains. It happened a couple of times in the first quarter alone.

For instance, on the first drive, the Bears on second-and-11 from the Packers' 15 gave the ball to Forte up the middle. The Packers were in their nickel personnel, with Guion and Mike Daniels at the defensive tackles.

Guion got into his gap between center Brian de la Puente and right guard Kyle Long, but rather than sit in the gap, as he's supposed to, he blasted through and created a big lane for Forte. At the same time, Daniels tried to go underneath de la Puente's block. He's quick enough to get away with it sometimes, but not on this play. So Forte bolted through the big opening for 6 yards, creating a manageable third-and-5, on a play that should have gone for only 3.

Later, on a first down with 3:26 left in the first quarter, the Packers again were in their nickel. The Bears ran a similar play, and Guion did the same thing. If he'd sat in his gap and tried to squeeze it, Forte wouldn't have had much if any running lane. Instead, Forte shot through the huge hole and bowled over safety Morgan Burnett for a 7-yard gain that set up a highly favorable down-and-distance, second-and-3.

The same applied to outside linebacker Clay Matthews on a snap or two. Matthews is the Packers' best defensive player, and maybe this is simply the price the Packers have to pay for his playmaking as a pass rusher. But his aggressiveness going after the quarterback occasionally helps running backs pick up nice gains.

That happened on the game's second play Sunday. The tight end lined up across from him, Dante Rosario, released on an apparent pass route, so Matthews bolted on a rush. But the play was a handoff to Forte up the middle. When Matthews saw the handoff, he was a little too far upfield to crash inside and make the tackle. Forte picked up 8 yards and a first down.

So what's the answer to the Packers' run-stopping problems? Maybe they'll adjust better to the new one-gap scheme as the season goes on. Or maybe undrafted rookie Mike Pennel, who at 332 pounds is their heaviest player, will improve the more he plays.

Pennel looked good in the preseason at nose tackle, where he lines up only inches from the center and things happen fast. He didn't look so good in his NFL debut Sunday while playing 22 snaps, mainly in the nickel at defensive tackle. Things happen a half-beat slower there than at nose, and Pennel looked mechanical, like he was waiting for something to happen. Kind of like Josh Boyd for much of his rookie season last year.

Pennel did have a good bull rush on Matthews' interception in the third quarter. He's a big, powerful player, so maybe with more playing time, he'll start to make a difference.

SECONDARY MATTERS

The Packers' playmaking in the secondary early this season is reminiscent of 2010, when it also was the team's best defensive position group.

Against the Bears, cornerbacks Tramon Williams and Sam Shields made big plays, just as they did during the Packers' Super Bowl run in '10. Williams in the third quarter Sunday jumped the slant route and made the deflection that Matthews intercepted. Shields later in the third quarter reacted fast to the throw on a misread between quarterback Jay Cutler and receiver Brandon Marshall for the interception that basically clinched the game.

Also, almost every week first-round pick Ha Ha Clinton-Dix looks more and more like a player. The safety made the biggest play of the game when he pulled tight end Martellus Bennett from the brink of a touchdown on the final play of the first half. Can you imagine M.D. Jennings or Jerron McMillian making that play last year?

Clinton-Dix is a complete safety and fills fast on run defense as well. On one illustrative play in the second quarter, Cutler from the shotgun formation handed off to Forte up the middle. Clinton-Dix read it early, burst from his deep safety position and met Forte at the line of scrimmage. Forte had room to jump cut to his left and avoid the hit, but that sent him straight at linebacker Jamari Lattimore, who tackled Forte for only a 2-yard gain.

Former football coach and player Eric Baranczyk offers his analysis of Green Bay Packers games each week.

— pdougher@pressgazettemedia.com and follow him on Twitter @PeteDougherty                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136278-6d22840ea26c46aad1bfe3b18b90a057.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010704 00000000000 015156  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        I guess if you bat for the ‘iPhone is failing’ teams then you will have thrown the latest Kantar Worldpanel ComTech data into your “does not fit the narrative” trash can.

Why shouldn’t you? You have every right to ignore facts that may undermine your opinion.

It keeps the prejudice industry alive.

Defining the future

If you look at the latest Kantar data you’ll see a slightly bigger picture.

For the three months ending October 2016, it is Apple that leads the high-end of this market, the part in which the future of the smartphone industry is defined...

You see, Apple’s iPhones are the top three smartphone brands sold in the US and the UK: iPhone 7 at number one, Apple’s iPhone 6s at two, with the iPhone SE in third place.

This is true even though on a global basis the many different forks, devices and operating systems that form the Android ecosystem dominate the mass of mobile market, but that dominance seems to be declining in the US.

iOS share highlights:

Japan: 51.7% iOS

UK: 44%

US: 40.5%

Shrink the mind-share

Android appears to be losing mind-share in the US, where iOS share climbed 7 percentage points year-over-year: from 33.5% of smartphone sales to 40.5% in the three months ending October 2016.

“This represents the strongest rate of growth for the OS in more than two years, as well as the highest share seen since the three months ending January 2015 (42.8%),” said Kantar.

It’s important not to over state the significance of this – Apple’s main competitor isn’t at any great risk and continues to dominate in the US, but the pattern of loss is a sustained one, it continues to lose users to iOS.

“While Android remains the dominant OS in the US, at 57.9% of smartphone sales, this latest data represents the fifth consecutive year-on-year period decline,” the analysts explained (italics mine).

Mind-share remains strong in Europe, where Android accounted for 75.2% of EU5 (Great Britain, Germany, France, Italy, and Spain) smartphone sales versus iOS at 21.2%.

Apple can exploit the popularity of its platforms in order to introduce new products and services, some of which (like Apple Music) it now sells to those on other platforms.

Who cares?

The dance between Apple’s original iOS and the Google-backed Android ecosystem is a sideshow to most of us as we attempt to navigate these interesting times.

We’re only really interested in how the smartphones we purchase can help us live our lives, and many will respond to Apple’s crystal clear commitment to protecting our privacy.

That focus on platform and privacy is critical to the future of the connected age, from the smart keys in your wallet to the retina scan to drive your car, from boarding passes to passports; We will all benefit from stable ecosystems that provide us with extra convenience at no cost to privacy or security from platforms that are widely supported.

The smarter platform for the rest of us

This is the lens you should use when looking at your next smartphone purchase: is it private? Will it be supported in three years? Can I install software updates? And what services will it provide me with in future?

With those questions in mind, it is interesting to consider the significance of Apple Pay president, Jennifer Bailey’s recent statement that the company is thinking about “everything in your wallet” as it plots the future of Apple Pay. This likely includes cash, credit cards, loyalty cards, passports, tickets, driving license, business cards, keys, photos and more.

Apple already provides a platform to handle most of these items, but Touch ID is rapidly emerging as a key ingredient for the platforms’ future evolution.

The capacity to deliver such evolution is precisely why it is such an advantage that the iPhone remains the top-selling smartphone.

This is helping Apple management execute the future platform and services proliferation it has been working towards since introducing the iPod.

This is also why the future of the smartphone industry will be defined by Apple, and not by Google. No matter what Google search autocomplete has to say.

Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple?

Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter or in comments below and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me on Twitter so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld.                                                            0136286-207cbb6a75f571dd794d8a08b99c4d63.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002442 00000000000 015135  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        16 Pages Posted: 23 Apr 2014

Date Written: April 22, 2014

Abstract

This Essay proposes a new regulatory regime in response to the Supreme Court decision in U.S. v. Windsor, overturning Section Three of DOMA. By analogy to the check-the-box regulations, allowing a regulatory election in the face of incongruities in state law, this proposal would allow taxpayers who live in states that do not recognize same-sex marriage to elect to be treated as married for federal tax purposes. While the IRS's issuance of Rev. Rul. 2013-17 allows taxpayers who travel to a so-called "recognizing state" to have a same-sex marriage ceremony performed to be treated as married for tax purposes, there is still a requirement that those taxpayers travel to a state that has same-sex marriage before they can claim the federal tax benefits. This will be especially burdensome to low-income taxpayers, for whom the costs may be prohibitive. These same low-income taxpayers would be especially helped by the tax benefits available in certain instances to taxpayers filing jointly. The Essay considers potential objections to the proposal, and ultimately finds that the proposed regulatory regime, while hopefully only necessary for the short time (as more states enact same-sex marriage laws) will cure an inequity in the tax law.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0136257-fa04fadbe774eb9fc4b3603bd677ad63.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012637 00000000000 015425  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Conservatives have warned for years about the growing anti-speech sentiment in Washington, a trend finding all too much comfort in Silicon Valley.

Twitter recently blocked Rep. Marsha Blackburn, R-Tenn., from promoting a campaign ad. Her "crime?" Being pro-life and attacking Planned Parenthood. The congresswoman claimed she had "fought Planned Parenthood" and "stopped the sale of baby body parts," statements Twitter deemed too "inflammatory." The company worried Blackburn's pro-life stance would "evoke a strong negative reaction."

Is that now the barometer for acceptable speech? If I may offend you, I deserve to be silenced?

Blackburn was certainly not the first pro-life victim of censorship. Live Action President Lila Rose was blocked from advertising on Twitter because she dared to criticize Planned Parenthood. Her ad, which accurately claimed that Planned Parenthood performs over 320,000 abortions a year, was also labeled "inflammatory."

And of course, the abortion lobby's promotion of its services and criticism of Republicans are anything but inflammatory. A glance at Planned Parenthood's Twitter feed leaves you with the misleading message: "Stop the Trump administration's attack on birth control access," as if stores were preparing to stop selling contraception any day now. Apparently, only conservative speech is considered "inflammatory."

And who can forget Facebook's clampdown on conservative news? Company officials allegedly "filtered out stories on conservative topics from conservative sources," a blatant attempt to silence speech they oppose. Congress is now targeting Russian-bought Facebook ads in another effort to restrict purportedly undesirable speech and Facebook appears all too eager to help out.

In many ways, Silicon Valley's anti-speech activism is a betrayal of the simple idea that drove the explosive growth of the Internet as an alternative to traditional, heavily moderated platforms: More speech is in the public interest and everyone has a right to be heard. Facebook, Twitter, and other social media companies have given billions of people an unprecedented platform to speak their minds and listen (or not listen) to various perspectives — liberal or conservative. Between Facebook and Twitter, more than two billion users now use Silicon Valley's products to exercise their First Amendment rights and to freely associate with friend networks, business groups, and political organizations.

Free speech and free association are the foundation of American democracy. Silicon Valley's growing censorship of any speech is an attack on all speech — and a vibrant democracy. Whether you're a pro-life activist or a Planned Parenthood representative, the First Amendment enshrines the same right to free speech. It is not up to Facebook and Twitter officials to dictate which speech is acceptable and which isn't.

Naturally, private enterprises may control speech on their physical and digital premises. But kowtowing to the mob — whether establishment insiders or easily offended snowflakes — is the wrong approach. Such groupthink invites the very government interference the Internet should be free of.

Nor is it the government's responsibility to assume the role of George Orwell's "thinkpol." While Silicon Valley stifles public speech, elected officials increasingly abuse their power to restrict the flow of information. In the 115th Congress, dozens of bills have been introduced to expand federal intrusion into political speech. Some would grant the Federal Election Commission more expansive powers to regulate — and prosecute — campaign contributions and super PAC spending. They would intrude upon all Americans' right to choose whom they associate and speak with.

Others target the elusive specter of "foreign money" as an excuse to burden all political advertising, as if a few more TV ads endanger our democracy.

Democrats primarily lead the anti-speech brigade, but undermining the First Amendment has become bipartisan sport. The Restoring Integrity to America's Elections Act — co-sponsored by seven Republicans — would centralize the FEC's power in a single unelected political appointee. Democrat or Republican, the FEC appointee could weaponize the agency against speech he or she opposed — not unlike Facebook or Twitter.

It boils down to a simple question: Do you want someone else deciding if you get to speak? If you believe you're immune because your speech is "acceptable," while other speech is "unacceptable," then you're missing the point. No individual should ever have the right to silence another's speech with the heavy hand of Big Brother or Big Data.

In the end, the attack on free speech rests upon an inaccurate, insulting assumption: We Americans need to be coddled and shielded from "dangerous" speech. We need our government and corporate overseers to hand down approved speech, as if there is "right" or "wrong" speech. There is only speech. Agreeing or disagreeing with it is still up to us as individuals.

Without it, and without an unfettered freedom to speak even "offensively," our American democracy devolves into Orwellian authoritarianism — only with two thinkpols instead of one.

Dan Backer is founding attorney of political.law, a campaign finance and political law firm in Alexandria, Va. He has served as counsel to more than 100 campaigns, candidates, PACs, and political organizations.

If you would like to write an op-ed for the Washington Examiner, please read our guidelines on submissions.                                                                                                 0136224-c7a5af3be14a5c814996d65a3177654d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012135 00000000000 015037  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Homeland Security Department’s Office of Cybersecurity and Communications is expanding to five divisions from three and creating a performance-management office.

DHS is reorganizing CS&C in light of its increased responsibilities and improved stature in the federal and private sector cyber communities.

“Our new structure will result in an organization more capable of agile operations; of forming stronger partnerships; and of professionally, efficiently, and effectively enhancing the security, resiliency, and reliability of the nation’s cyber and communications infrastructure,” wrote Mike Locatis, the assistant secretary of the Office of Cybersecurity and Communications, in an internal memo obtained by Federal News Radio. “This realignment also centralizes common support functions of budget, finance, and acquisitions, information management and human capital.”

DHS Secretary Janet Napolitano approved CS&C’s realignment plan earlier this week.

Advertisement

Locatis came to CS&C in April after spending 18 months as the Energy Department’s chief information officer.

A request for comment from DHS’s National Protection and Programs Directorate, which CS&C falls under, was not immediately returned.

Congress created the Cybersecurity and Communications Office in 2006 with three divisions:

National Communications System

National Cybersecurity Division

Office of Emergency Communications

Federal Network Security

Under the realignment plan, Cybersecurity and Communications will elevate and rename two of the subdivisions. The Federal Network Security unit goes from being a branch of the National Cybersecurity Division to its own division, and DHS split its responsibilities into two new groups: the Federal Network Resilience (FNR) division and the Network Security Deployment (NSD) division.

John Streufert will lead FNR, which will oversee the continuous monitoring initiative and the operational aspects of the Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA). Federal Network Resilience also will develop and deploy cybersecurity capabilities and standards with civilian agency partners, identify cybersecurity best practices and use automation tools, and perform audits and testing on federal networks.

Network Security Deployment

The Network Security Deployment (NSD) division will be led by Brendan Goode and includes the National Cybersecurity Protection System and the Cyberscope tool. Agencies submit continuous monitoring data into Cyberscope.

NSD also gathers requirements for CS&C technical programs and operating capabilities, and coordinates managed services with the private sector for functions such as continuous monitoring-as-a-service or other situational awareness services.

National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center

The National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center (NCIC), led by Larry Zelvin, will bring together the assorted operational offices, including the U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness Team (U.S. CERT), the Control Systems Security Program, the National Coordinating Center and national level exercises — all under one division.

The NCIC will provide full-time monitoring, information sharing, analysis and incident response capabilities, including running the Einstein 3A program. It coordinates with federal cyber centers and runs the “red and blue teams” to provide analysis on network, data, threats and vulnerabilities.

The Stakeholder Engagement and Cyber Infrastructure Resilience division

DHS created a new office to work with the private sector. The Stakeholder Engagement and Cyber Infrastructure Resilience division will be led by Jenny Menna and includes the National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee, private-sector coordination efforts, education and cyber workforce initiatives and standards work.

The stakeholder-engagement office will ensure there is strategic alignment of all stakeholder and other outside group activities and provides customer relationship and logistical management.

Office of Emergency Communications

The fifth division, the Office of Emergency Communications, which is led by Ron Hewitt, keeps the same name, but expands its responsibilities by adding the functions of the National Communications System.

OEC will support public safety efforts including providing training and technical assistance to improve emergency communications readiness, coordinating public-private response activities and works on interoperability policy.

Additionally, the realignment plan creates the Enterprise Performance Management Office, led by a senior executive service member. It will be responsible for “strategic planning, performance planning and measurement that cuts across all CS&C programs,” Locatis wrote.

RELATED STORIES:

Agencies met 77 percent of cyber requirements in 2011

Funding boost gives DHS a head start in 2013 to fight cyber threats

EXCLUSIVE: Energy CIO Locatis heads to DHS

TAG: Management DHS Janet Napolitano Mike Locatis Cybersecurity Jason Miller exclusive

Copyright © 2019 Federal News Network. All rights reserved. This website is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0136272-1ef9cc6c35542c740f32170ad4954ec3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011345 00000000000 015031  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        

Munir Ahmed, The Associated Press





MUZAFFARGARH, Pakistan - Pakistani police gunned down one of the country's most-feared Sunni militant leaders and 13 followers in a mysterious pre-dawn shootout Wednesday, killing a man believed to behind the slaughter of hundreds of the nation's minority Shiites.

Malik Ishaq, who directed the operations of the Taliban- and al Qaeda-linked Lashkar-e-Jhangvi group, was so feared in Pakistan that frightened judges hid their faces from him and even offered the unrepentant killer tea and cookies in court.

Yet Ishaq, believed to be either 55 or 56, operated freely for years in Pakistan as the country's intelligence services helped nurture Sunni militant groups in the 1980s and 1990s to counter a perceived threat from neighbouring Shiite power Iran.

Details of Ishaq's killing remain cloudy in Pakistan, where extrajudicial slayings by police remain common - especially in pre-staged ambushes. Ishaq already had been detained by police, arrested two days earlier on suspicion of being involved in the slaying of two Shiites, police officer Bakhtiar Ahmed said.

Early Wednesday, as officers tried to transfer Ishaq from a prison in the city of Multan, gunmen ambushed the police convoy transporting him in an attempt to free the militant, Ahmed said. The ensuing gunbattle killed Ishaq and at least 13 of his associates, including two of his sons and his deputy, Ghulam Rasool, Ahmed said.

In a later statement, police said "14 or 15 unidentified armed terrorists" attacked police vehicles to free Ishaq when officers were returning from an area in Muzaffargarh after seizing weapons, explosives and detonators on information provided by Ishaq and some of his associates.

It also said Ishaq and his associates were killed by those who ambushed the convoy, without elaborating.

Shuja Khanzada, the provincial home minister in Pakistan's eastern Punjab province, where the alleged ambush took place, said the shooting wounded six police officers who "demonstrated extreme bravery."

No other witnesses to the shooting could be immediately located, nor could Ishaq's family members.

"Malik Ishaq was behind many acts of terrorism and he was freed by courts in the past due to lack of evidence," Khanzada told The Associated Press. "Finally, this symbol of terror met his final fate."

Fearing violence in Punjab, long the home of Lashkar-e-Jhangvi, police mounted a heavy security presence around the province and the morgue in Muzaffargarh that took Ishaq's body and those of his associates.

Ishaq helped found Laskhar-e-Jangvi, which allies itself with al Qaeda and the Taliban. His group is blamed for scores of attacks on Shiites, regarded as infidels, and on Pakistani and U.S. interests. They've also been accused of carrying out attacks in neighbouring Afghanistan. The U.S. State Department designated Ishaq as a terrorist in February 2014, ordering any U.S. assets he held frozen.

Ishaq was arrested in 1997 and accused in more than 200 criminal cases, including the killings of 70 Shiites. But the state could never make the charges stick - in large part because witnesses, judges and prosecutors were too scared to convict.

Frightened judges treated him honourably in court and gave him tea and cookies, said Anis Haider Naqvi, a prosecution witness in two cases against Ishaq who spoke to The Associated Press in 2011. One judge attempted to hide his face with his hands, but Ishaq made clear he knew his identity in a chilling way: He read out the names of his children, and the judge abandoned the trial, Naqvi said at the time.

Despite the lack of convictions, Ishaq remained in prison for 14 years as prosecutors slowly moved from one case to the next. Ishaq proved his usefulness to the army in 2009, when he was flown from jail to negotiate with militants who had stormed part of the military headquarters in Rawalpindi and were holding hostages

A behind-the-scenes effort by the government to co-opt the leaders of militant outfits and bring them into mainstream political life, or at least draw them away from attacking the state, helped Ishaq secure his release in 2011. He had been in and out of police custody since.

Pakistan is a majority Sunni Muslim state, with around 15 per cent of the population Shiite. Most Sunnis and Shiites live together peacefully in Pakistan, though tensions have existed for decades and extremists on both sides target each other's leaders.

Pakistan has intensified its campaign against militant groups since December 2014, when a Taliban attack on a military school in the northwestern city of Peshawar killed 150 people, mostly children.

The school attack also prompted the Pakistani government to lift its moratorium on the death penalty. It has executed scores of militants and other men charged in murder cases since then.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0136217-440d9d8bcdbff2d8de4d8b895a980540.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000024204 00000000000 015272  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The debate over whether citizens should be permitted to record on-duty police officers intensified this summer. High profile incidents in Maryland, Illinois, Florida, Ohio, and elsewhere spurred coverage of the issue from national media outlets ranging from the Associated Press to Time to NPR. Outside the law enforcement community, a consensus seems to be emerging that it’s bad policy to arrest people who photograph or record police officers on the job. The Washington Post, USA Today, the Washington Examiner, The Washington Times, and Instapundit’s Glenn Reynolds, writing in Popular Mechanics, all weighed in on the side that citizen photography and videography can be an important check to keep police officers accountable and transparent.

But so far, there’s been little activity in state legislatures to prevent these arrests. That’s likely because any policy that makes recording cops an explicitly legal endeavor is likely to encounter strong opposition from law enforcement organizations. So what’s the justification for bringing and supporting charges against people who record or photograph cops? I recently spoke to three law enforcement officials about it. Two are prosecutors currently pursuing felony charges against citizens who made audio recordings of on-duty cops. The third is the executive director of the Fraternal Order of Police, America’s largest police union.

Joseph Cassilly is the Harford County, Maryland state’s attorney. He’s currently pursuing felony charges against Anthony Graber, who was arrested last April for recording a police officer during a traffic stop. Maryland is one of 12 states that require all parties to a conversation to give consent before the conversation can legally be recorded. But like nine of those 12 states, Maryland also requires that for the recording to be illegal, the offended party must have had an expectation that the conversation would be private. To bring charges against Graber, Cassilly would not only need to believe that on-duty police officers have privacy rights, but in the Graber case in particular, that a cop who had drawn his gun and was yelling at a motorist on the side of a busy highway would, also, have good reason to believe the entire encounter was private. This seems all the more absurd given that motorists in such a situation clearly don’t have any reasonable privacy expectation. Anything they say during such a traffic stop is admissible in court.

"The officer having his gun drawn or being on a public roadway has nothing to do with it," Cassilly says. "Neither does the fact that what Mr. Graber said during the stop could be used in court. That’s not the test. The test is whether police officers can expect some of the conversations they have while on the job to remain private and not be recorded and replayed for the world to hear."

Last February, University of Maryland student Jack McKenna was beaten by riot police after a basketball game. Cell phone videos of the beating contradicted police reports, and resulted in the charges against McKenna being dropped and in the suspension of several police officers. Would Cassilly have charged those cell phone videographers with felonies if their recordings picked up audio? After all, it's the audio portion of a video that triggers state wiretapping laws.

"In College Park you had lots of people around, you had people screaming and shouting. The officers in that case had no reason to think the situation was private," he says.

Cassilly’s interpretation of the law is awfully vague. How is your average Marylander supposed to know if taking video of what he thinks may be police abuse is protected speech or if it's a felony punishable by possible prison time?

"I don’t have any hard and fast rule I can give you," Cassilly says. "It depends on the circumstances, and if the officer in those circumstances had good reason to think he wouldn’t be recorded. Should a domestic violence victim have a camera shoved in her face and have her privacy violated because someone is following a police officer around with a camera? What if he’s collecting information from witnesses at a crime scene? I’m saying that not everything a police officer does on the job should be for public consumption."

Generally, Casilly says, police actions in front of large crowds of people can probably be recorded. But citizen recorders put themselves in legal jeopardy when there are fewer people around, and an officer is more likely to think his conversations are private. But this seems to negate the use of citizen recording when it would be most important as a tool to hold misbehaving police officers accountable. Misconduct in front of large groups of people is obviously more likely to produce lots of witnesses to challenge the police narrative of the event.

What if a police officer is harassing or intimidating someone in close range, such as during a traffic stop, or on an unpopulated street at night? Would it be a felony to record those interactions? What if the recording captures unquestionable lawbreaking on the part of the officer, such as a threat or a shakedown? "I’m not going to respond to any hypothetical scenarios," Cassilly says. "It just depends on the circumstances."

Last month, the office of Maryland Attorney General Doug Gansler issued an advisory opinion that would seem to be at odds with Cassily’s interpretation of state law. Gansler's office found that "it’s unlikely that most interactions with police could be considered private, as some law enforcement agencies have interpreted the state's wiretapping act." But that opinion isn’t legally binding, and may not affect Anthony Graber’s case. In fact, when I spoke with Cassilly (we talked before Gansler’s opinion), I asked him about a 2000 Maryland AG’s opinion stating that motorists have no privacy expectations during a traffic stop. Cassilly replied, "Those opinions are just the attorney general paying some lawyers to tell him what he already thinks. I don’t have to agree with it."

Unlike Maryland, the law in Illnios is much clearer. It is illegal to record anyone in public without their consent. The state has no stipulation about privacy expectations. It once did, but the legislature removed that provision in 1994. That amendment was actually a direct response to a state supreme court decision throwing out the conviction of a man who recorded two cops from the back of a police cruiser. In Illinios, felony eavesdropping is in the same class of crimes as sexual assault. It’s punishable by 4 to 15 years in prison.

Crawford County State’s Attorney Tom Wiseman is currently bringing five felony charges against Michael Allison, a 41-year-old construction worker who recorded police officers and other public officials he thought were harassing him. (I'm writing a feature about Allison's case for a forthcoming issue of Reason). Allison was fighting a zoning ordinance forbidding the storage of unregistered or inoperable vehicles on private property. Allison thought he was being unjustly targeted by local authorities and was planning a civil rights lawsuit, so he began recording his conversations with local law enforcement. He faces up to 75 years in prison for the recordings.

I first asked Wiseman if he thinks Michael Allison should spend the rest of his life in prison for making audio recordings of on-duty public officials. "My job isn’t to write the laws. My job is just to enforce them," Wiseman says. Wiseman does have discretion over whom he charges. But he says Allison committed a felony, and that it wouldn’t be proper for a prosecutor to overlook a felony. But Allison thought the police were harassing him. Given the deference law enforcement officials get from courts and prosecutors, how can a citizen who feels he’s being harassed or treated unfairly by law enforcement protect himself?

"The only person doing any harassing here is Mr. Allison, who was harassing our public officials with his tape recorder," Wiseman says. "They may have problems with some bad police officers in some of your urban areas. But we don’t have those problems around here. All of our cops around here are good cops. This is a small town. Everyone knows everyone. If we had a bad police officer here, we’d know about it, I’d know about it, and he’d be out. There’s just no reason for anyone to feel they need to record police officers in Crawford County."

Finally, I spoke with Jim Pasco, executive director of the Fraternal Order of Police. Pasco, who supports these arrests, says he’s worried that video could be manipulated to make police officers look bad. “There’s no chain of custody with these videos,” Pasco says. “How do you know the video hasn’t been edited? How do we know what’s in the video hasn’t been taken out of context? With dashboard cameras or police security video, the evidence is in the hands of law enforcement the entire time, so it’s admissible under the rules of evidence. That’s not the case with these cell phone videos.”

But what about cases where video clearly contradicts police reports, such as the McKenna case in College Park?

"You have 960,000 police officers in this country, and millions of contacts between those officers and citizens. I’ll bet you can’t name 10 incidents where a citizen video has shown a police officer to have lied on a police report," Pasco says. "Letting people record police officers is an extreme and intrusive response to a problem that’s so rare it might as well not exist. It would be like saying we should do away with DNA evidence because there’s a one in a billion chance that it could be wrong. At some point, we have to put some faith and trust in our authority figures."

Whether citizen video should be admitted as evidence (and it would seem to be pretty easy to discern if a video has been altered) is a different question from whether citizens should be arrested and sent to prison for recording cops. I mention Michael Allison’s case to Pasco, and ask if he supports the Illinois law.

"I don’t know anything about that case, but generally it sounds like a sensible law and a sensible punishment," Pasco says. "Police officers don’t check their civil rights at the station house door."

Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0136279-d7f7015662f4c68c6dcf4713eae17d6d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002626 00000000000 015221  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        MIAMI — Despite losing a milestone abortion case at the United States Supreme Court this past summer, Texas threw down another stumbling block this week. It will require facilities that provide abortions to pay for the cremation or burial of fetal remains, rather than dispose of them as biological medical waste.

It is the latest attempt by abortion opponents to make it more burdensome for women to get abortions — by creating new rules and laws that make it more difficult for providers to stay in business. In finalizing its rule on Monday, Texas joined at least three other states — Arkansas, Louisiana and Indiana — that have called for the burial or cremation of aborted fetal remains. With lawsuits pending, the regulations in Indiana and Louisiana have not yet gone into effect.

The regulations regarding the disposal of remains were rewritten in Texas to “protect the dignity of the unborn,” a move that has been championed by Gov. Greg Abbott, a Republican and a staunch opponent of abortion.

First published in the summer, the new regulations have been in the works for the past year, and have received scores of comments, both positive and negative. The regulations, which take effect Dec. 19, immediately raised questions about the effect they would have on abortion health care providers, women who seek abortions or even funeral directors in Texas who worry this could increase their costs, as well.                                                                                                          0136301-7cc7b3118c31ba1111a0845a5656fb1e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001745 00000000000 014777  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Purchase for PC/Mac on itch.io Purchase for PC/Mac on Steam $20.00 Available Feb 29, 2016 Feb 29, 2016 Platforms Desktop (Windows 7+, Mac OS X 10.9+) Desktop (Windows 7+, Mac OS X 10.9+) Audience Teen and Older Teen and Older

You finally got a job in the big city. But your coworkers at this cat cafe disappear at weird times, and there’s something peculiar about your new boss, too... A Cat Cafe With a Little Secret You are Avery Grey, the newest employee at a popular cat cafe called A Cat’s Paw. The coffee’s good and the staff is friendly (and kinda cute!) but mysterious. One day, you find a strange book in the basement, with letters you can’t quite read... Meet Your New Best Friends You’ll work hard at A Cat’s Paw, but there’s still time to get to know your new coworkers! Who’s your favorite? The brusque, but devoted cook Mason? Or maybe Reese, the fashion-obsessed waiter who knows more than he says? And there’s always your strange-eyed boss, the enigmatic Graves.                           0136287-8220cc1c5b23a05ce69397af6dab45ef.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007356 00000000000 015262  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Institute for Data Center Professionals at Marist College is pleased to offer an on line COBOL Application Programming Certificate beginning in the Fall of 2014. The demand for COBOL knowledge and skills will likely continue long into the future as an estimated 200 Billion lines of COBOL code continues to run major businesses around the world.

The three class COBOL Application Programming Certificate will train students to become z/OS COBOL application programmers. The three classes in the Certificate are:

Introduction to z/OS and Major Subsystems

Basic COBOL programming and

Advanced COBOL programming.

Descriptions of each class can be found below. To take advantage of this unique, affordable collaboration between the Marist College faculty and industry leaders in mainframe technology, please visit: http ://i dcp. mari st.e d u /le arnz o s . There you will find more detailed information about the COBOL Application Programming Certificate, course dates, tuition costs, as well as information about other on line instructor led z/OS Certificates. You may send any inquiries directly to the IDCP staff at: learnzos@marist.edu

Course Descriptions

Introduction to z/OS and Major Subsystems

This first class in the sequence introduces the student to z/OS terminology and concepts as a foundation for the following COBOL programming classes. It also builds basic z/OS skills which will be needed in the COBOL classes. For example, the student will gain hands on experience with TSO, ISPF, JCL, job submission, use of SDSF to review job output, use of the ISPF editor and other skills that will be needed in the COBOL programming classes. No z/OS experience is required or assumed in the Introduction to z/OS class but familiarity with computer concepts and terminology is helpful.

Basic COBOL Programming: Introduction to the COBOL programming language

This course begins with an introduction to problem solving using pseudo code and flowcharts and then will introduce the COBOL programming language. Hands on programming experience will be acquired by students coding and executing COBOL programs using the Marist main frame accessible via the Internet. Beginning with the basic structure of a COBOL program, the four divisions of a COBOL program will be defined and coded by the student. The course will teach the syntax of the COBOL programming language, assignment statements, math commands, conditional operations using both the IF and Evaluate statements, and performing Input/Output operations. All coding projects will follow Structured Programming techniques including modularization of programs using the COBOL Perform statement and avoiding the use of GOTOs. All topics covered will require the successful completion of programming projects executed on the Marist main frame computer. This course will begin with the basics of COBOL and finish with array processing techniques.

Advanced COBOL Programming: Data Structures and File Processing Techniques

This course will review array processing and continue with multi-dimensional array processing techniques. Students will complete a COBOL reservation system that will involve processing student requests by reserving seats and deleting seat assignments in several classrooms. COBOL programming techniques for using external subroutines will be covered and used in programming projects. This class will cover Sorts and Merges of sequential files and VSAM file processing techniques using COBOL and IDCAMS to update VSAM files. It will also review sequential file processing techniques for processing batched transaction records used to update a Master file. All topics covered will require the completion of programming projects that utilize these techniques with the projects being executed on the Marist System z (main frame) computer.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136000-ba44d53c8e4bd6743bde31c662f24d9f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000025527 00000000000 015253  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Memphis couple Thomas Kostura, left, and husband Ijpe Dekoe were part of the lawsuit that led to the Supreme Court's landmark decision on same-sex marriage. Tennesseans celebrated and decried the court's ruling. (Photo: File / AP)

With a narrow one-vote margin, the nine member U.S. Supreme Court officially recognized the legal authority for same-sex couples to be married.

It's a decision that's been a long time coming and offers equal rights and protections, in the view of one Tennessee leader. But the ruling doesn't mean Tennesseans will be happy about recognizing same-sex marriages, argues at least one state official.

The landmark decision prompted a flurry of comments from politicians, supporters and opponents. Here's what they've said so far:

Gov. Bill Haslam, R-Knoxville:

"The people of Tennessee have recently voted clearly on this issue. The Supreme Court has overturned that vote. We will comply with the decision and will ensure that our departments are able to do so as quickly as possible."

Attorney General Herbert H. Slatery III:



"Today's United States Supreme Court decision not only changes the definition of marriage, but takes from the states and their citizens the longstanding authority to vote and decide what marriage means. To the Tennessee citizen who asks 'Don't we get a chance to vote on this in some way?' the answer from the Supreme Court is a resounding, 'No, you do not.' For the Court to tell all Tennesseans that they have no voice, no right to vote, on these issues is disappointing. The Court, nevertheless, has spoken and we respect its decision. Our office is prepared to work with the Governor and the General Assembly, as needed, to take the necessary steps to implement the decision."

Spokesman for U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn.:

"Senator Alexander believes that states should decide how to define marriage, but he recognizes that this U.S. Supreme Court decision is now the law of the land."

U.S. Rep. Jim Cooper, D-Tenn.:

"Love and equality win. I'm glad the Supreme Court ruled on the right side of history."

U.S. Rep. Steve Cohen, D-Tenn.:

"I hope today's Supreme Court ruling can put this issue to rest and that the Tennessee General Assembly does not attempt to thwart or undermine the ruling by passing legislation making it more difficult for Memphians like Ijpe DeKoe and Thom Kostura to exercise their constitutional rights. As the Supreme Court has now said, denial of marriage rights is clearly a denial of equal protection, regardless of its effectiveness as a means to score political points at the expense of yet another minority group. As we have seen today, courage and justice always overcome cowardice and prejudice."

U.S. Rep. Diane Black, R-Tenn.:

"With the drop of a gavel, five Supreme Court justices have silenced the voices of thousands of Tennesseans. I have always believed that marriage is a sacred promise between man, woman, and God. I respect that others may disagree and I believe that we should encourage a thoughtful, open dialogue about this issue in the individual states – not attempt to cut off debate by imposing a sweeping, fixed interpretation of marriage nationwide. Sadly, that is exactly what the court has done."

U.S. Rep. Marsha Blackburn, R-Tenn.:

"Todays Supreme Court decision is a disappointment. I have always supported traditional marriage. Despite this decision, no one can overrule the truth about what marriage actually is — a sacred institution between a man and a woman. I have always believed marriage is between one man and one woman and I will continue to work to ensure our religious beliefs are protected and people of faith are not punished for their beliefs."

Nashville Mayor Karl Dean:

"I am pleased that the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that same-sex marriage is now legal in Tennessee. I joined Mayors for the Freedom to Marry last year because I believe all people should be treated fairly and equally and that everyone's individual dignity should be respected. Welcoming and supporting people of all backgrounds and beliefs make our city stronger."

Lt. Gov. Ron Ramsey, R-Blountville:

The Supreme Court today issued an unfortunate and fundamentally wrong opinion. In 2006, not even a decade ago, over 80% of Tennessee voters issued a strong mandate in favor of traditional marriage. Today, the Supreme Court declared that mandate null and void.

While the Supreme Court did not stand up for traditional marriage, this decision does not end the institution. The federal government may have the ability to force Tennessee to recognize same-sex unions but it cannot and will not change the hearts and minds of conservatives and traditionalists in Tennessee and elsewhere.

Senate Minority Leader Lee Harris, D-Memphis:

"I want to congratulate all the people who can now look forward to a wedding day right here in their home state, and I want to congratulate the plaintiffs from Tennessee who worked so hard for this historic day.

"Many of us have been fighting this battle against discrimination for a long time and put in so much effort. I still have the battle scars from our fight with the City of Memphis to expand anti-discrimination protections to the LGBT community. It has been a long, difficult road to get here. And now we can celebrate."

Senate Democratic Caucus Chairman Jeff Yarbro, D-Nashville:

"Today's historic ruling is another step in our country's long march toward equality for all Americans," state Sen. Jeff Yarbro said. "I congratulate not only those who have fought so hard for justice, but also all couples whose loving relationships will now be afforded the legal respect they deserve."

Rep. Andy Holt, R-Dresden:

"God is the real supreme court!"

House Minority Leader Craig Fitzhugh, D-Ripley:

"While I recognize this is an emotionally charged issue and there are many Tennesseans who are disappointed in the decision, I firmly believe that civil marriage is a fundamental right for all people, regardless of race, religion or sexual orientation and that there should be no governmental interference with the bond that two loving people have for each other.

"Today's Supreme Court decision affirms this founding principle."

Davidson County Clerk Brenda Wynn:

"(The Tennessee Attorney General's Office) have assured the County Clerks that they will provide timely guidance regarding changes to the documents and processes required under state law. This office is honored to have an important role in upholding the rights of couples to marry and is fully committed to implementing the necessary changes as quickly and efficiently as possible. Our office will provide timely updates to our citizens as we know more."

Doug Hallward-Driemeier



Attorney who represented Tennessee same-sex couple in case before Supreme Court:

"Today's landmark decision in Obergefell v. Hodges marks a turning point in American history. It affirms that LGBT people have the same constitutional rights of liberty and equality as others do. The Court's ruling means that same-sex couples can experience the rights and privileges of marriage in any state in our union. No longer will married same-sex couples face the prospect of their family relationships being dissolved upon crossing state borders."

"We are one very significant step closer today to fulfilling the Constitution's promise of equal protection for all our people. Today, a same-sex couple in Knoxville, Tennessee enjoys the same right to marry, and to remain married, as a couple in New York City."

Mary Mancini

Chairwoman, Tennessee Democratic Party:

"With today's decision we see that love and respect has triumphed and we rejoice knowing that every person has the right to marry the person they love. Today is a day that Democrats celebrate with those couples as they build strong families while securing a future for themselves, in Tennessee and across our nation."

Ryan Haynes

Chairman, Tennessee Republican Party:

"Tennesseans overwhelmingly voted to define marriage as between one man and one woman. If a change was to be made, it should have been allowed to play out through the democratic process but, unfortunately, today's judicial activism short-circuits that ability. While this has long been pushed by the Democrats' agenda, the issue is far from settled."

Megan Barry

Nashville mayoral candidate:

"We have worked hard to make Nashville a warm and welcoming place to all who enter – no matter where you were born, no matter how you got here, and certainly no matter whom you love. Now that marriage equality is the law of the land, I hope that the State of Tennessee will fully join the City of Nashville in embracing equality by removing any last vestiges of discrimination that still exist in our laws."

Jeremy Kane

Nashville mayoral candidate:

"Children like my three-year-old daughter Wells won't remember a time without marriage equality and that's beautiful. #SCOTUSmarriage

"This morning, the Supreme Court ruled that all loving couples deserve marriage equality. I look forward to celebrating our progress with everyone at the Nashville Pride festival this weekend. Love conquers all."



Bill Freeman

Nashville mayoral candidate:

"Today is a historic day in our country and I am very pleased the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that same-sex marriage is now legal in every state, including Tennessee. Nashville is a vibrant city of inclusion that supports equality and dignity for ALL its residents. Now the law reflects that sentiment and I am proud of our country."

David Fowler

President, Family Action Council of Tennessee:

"Today a handful of Americans on the Court have stripped the people of the freedom to democratically address the meaning and role of society's most fundamental institution, marriage. The majority have arrogantly said they are not only smarter than the 50 million Americans who have voted to affirm marriage as the union of a man and a woman, but also millions of human beings over thousands of years across the entire globe."

Reince Priebus

Chairman, Republican National Committee

"As a Party, we believe in the importance of traditional marriage between a man and a woman and remain committed to finding common ground to champion the family's role in society. Marriage is critically important to strengthening our country and our communities. Likewise, we will remain champions of religious liberty. Today's ruling cannot and must not be used to coerce a church or religious institution into performing marriages that their faith does not recognize."

Ryan Anderson



The Heritage Foundation's senior research fellow

"Today is a significant setback for all Americans who believe in the Constitution, rule of law, democratic self-government, and marriage as a union of one man and one woman. The Court got it wrong: it should have not mandated all 50 states to redefine marriage."

This is a developing story. Check for updates at www.Tennessean.com as more reactions come in.

Reach Dave Boucher at 615-259-8892 and on Twitter @Dave_Boucher1.

Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/1Njb2qT                                                                                                                                                                         0136255-6bf7d2b4a7c2d9505696cbad17d0d363.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012126 00000000000 015172  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Since the introduction of the tiki-taka style of play, developed by Pep Guardiola, FC Barcelona has dominated time of possession against almost all opponents.

Pep gave football a new, dynamic approach and it was the three anchors of the mighty Catalans who sailed the ship: Messi, Iniesta and Xavi.

One after another, Barcelona annihilated teams from Spain and Europe and won major titles without many difficulties.

Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Reddit Email Share

Messi and his side were considered invincible until the first glimpse of a decline occurred in Italy, when Jose Mourinho’s Inter Milan beat Barcelona in the Champions League semi-finals in 2010.

Barcelona had success next year with great performances against Real Madrid in the semi-finals and Manchester United in the Wembley final.

However, the 2012-13 season saw Chelsea do something which nobody could have imagined: they parked the bus and utilized counter-attacking opportunities.

Celtic did the same this season when they defeated Barcelona 2-1 in front of thousands of Scottish fans and just when Barcelona supporters thought that the curse was over, AC Milan delivered the final punch when they came out with a 2-0 win at San Siro.

Next, Real Madrid came to Camp Nou with immense confidence, wanting to end Barcelona’s Copa Del Rey Glory. Los Blancos eliminated Barcelona from the tournament with an overwhelming score of 3-1.

Once again, it was a failure of Barcelona tactically.

Advertisement

Advertisement

Is this the end of FC Barcelona’s era?

The world now understands that the way to stop them is to be disciplined on defence, and that the only way to score is to rely on counter-attacks and cage Messi.

So what does Barcelona need to do? They cannot have 12 players on the field, neither can they shoot from 50 yards out. They need to rebuild.

Internal and External Reconstruction

Barcelona need to change their style of play and increase the ranks. This can be done both internally and externally.

The following are three assets which will revive the Spanish giants in Europe.

1. Wing Attack – Neymar

Barcelona needs to reinvent their strategy and use the wings which they have traditionally avoided due to their style of play and lack of a formidable winger.

Advertisement

Advertisement

With high speculations surrounding the arrival of Neymar, Barcelona will be a side with the best of Messi and the best of Ronaldinho.

Neymar’s position as a winger will be nothing less than the role played by Ronaldinho years ago.

He can make the full use of wing and allow Messi, Villa and other forwards to find a suitable place in the box, ready to strike.

Xavi and Iniesta along with Fabregas can continue to pass the ball around the pitch and just when their options seem to exhaust, wing can be the alternative with a sensational playmaker.

With this, the opposition defenders would lurk out of fear, and cannot mark Messi alone.

Neymar can equally be as dangerous from the wing and Barcelona will be a team against which every team will need a plan B.

2. Last Line – Be more disciplined and responsible

Barcelona has conceded almost in every match this season. With the absence of Abidal and poor form shown by Puyol and Alves, The Catalans need to be more responsible in order to get a clean sheet.

Advertisement

Advertisement

The critics have chosen Victor Valdes and Javier Mascherano to be the real reason behind Barcelona’s poor defence.

Other than Alba, nobody has looked to show some mettle and defend from their hearts. Barcelona needs to make serious change in their defensive unit.

They should spend money in order to find a better guard than Valdes with Neur possibly being the best replacement.

Barcelona’s senior defender such as Gerard Pique should take over the role of stopping opposition’s forward and Dani Alves should restrict his forward move.

With Neymar and Alba already utilizing the flanks, Alves should look to play behind and be the man to stop the opposition’s counter-attack. I would suggest Alves and Pique to restrict their movement and allow Alba alone to ship forward.

3. Lethal Formation

Finally, Barcelona must change their formation from their 4-3-3 to a 4-5-1.

Instead of three forwards, Barcelona should give Lionel Messi full privilege to be the lone forward in the playing eleven.

Advertisement

Advertisement

They should have Fabregas, Xavi, Iniesta, Neymar and Villa or Pedro in the midfield.

Since Barcelona have greater possession than their opposition, playing a more attacking style of football cum a bit tiki-taka and having a great backing up would allow Tito Vilanova’s side to be ready for a counter-attack.

Having three forwards and three midfielders will not help the Spanish unit at all as they tend to concede in every counter-attack.

Barcelona, having lost to Milan, Chelsea, Celtic and Madrid of late, need to consider these serious changes.

They must spend heavily on Neymar and possibly a new goalkeeper (Neur).

They must also allow Alves and Pique to change their style of play and overall, Barcelona needs to reduce their tiki-taka because if they don’t there could be more shocking losses in the future.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136303-7d2d7a7090e253749ff0183f3e99d070.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020346 00000000000 014706  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        This Real Bout Fatal Fury interview first appeared in an official strategy guide in 1995. I’ve supplemented it with concept art and a few additional tidbits of information from Neo Geo Freak magazine, as well. It’s a bit more informative than other SNK interviews I’ve translated, and explains the design philosophy and reasoning behind several gameplay changes from Fatal Fury 3.

Real Bout Fatal Fury – 1995 Developer Interview originally featured in the RBFF guidebook

—What was your concept for the development of this installment of Fatal Fury?

Staff: A new Fatal Fury, one that both beginners and experienced players could enjoy, punched up with loads of snazzy visual effects. That was our image, but of course, the way newcomers and veteran players enjoy a FTG is dramatically different, right? Newcomers play relatively casually, and want to be able to perform lots of different special moves; meanwhile, veterans are more interested in precise timing and big combos. We tried to appeal to both, but above all, to make it the kind of game that jumps out at you visually.

This may be too subtle to notice on first glance, but did you see how most of the stage backgrounds are done in darker colors? We did that so the flashy HIT marks and player graphics would stand out all the more. We asked ourselves, what do players really want to see in a FTG game today? And what you see in Real Bout Fatal Fury is the answer we came up with.

I think you can say this about any game, but if it looks good, it will look fun to players. With that principle as our basis, we endeavored to make a game that truly anyone could enjoy.

—As the fifth installment of the Fatal Fury series, how does it relate to the other games?

Staff: I think for many players, it will remind them of Fatal Fury Special: a fast tempo, lots of combos, and a distinctly different feel from other FTGs… the more I think about it, the more it reminds me of Fatal Fury Special. (laughs) But we didn’t want to make the same game twice, so we really dug deep for new ideas and mechanics to add, to make it even more intereting.

Concept art for Andy and Terry Bogard.

—What is the meaning behind the title “Real Bout”?

Staff: That was actually the working project title of the original Garou Densetsu. As this development progressed, we wracked our brains trying to come up with a new title for this sequel, and wondered if changing the entire title itself wouldn’t be more interesting. Then someone suggested, “hey, what if we bring back ‘Real Bout’…” So we have a lot of attachment to it, as you might imagine.

—Why did you bring back Kim, Billy, and Duck for this game?

Staff: Well… the first one we decided on adding was Kim. But we got really stuck in deciding between Duck or Cheng. We did some research on which character was more popular, and which had a more interesting moveset, and the dance-fighter Duck came out on top. Originally, we were going to add a new character… but during the development, Billy’s popularity grew and grew, and we decided on him. We considered adding a hidden character too, but we thought it would be strange to have another boss fight after the battle with Geese.

Concept art for Geese Howard.

—Why did you bring back Geese as the final boss?

Staff: We wanted to bring the saga of the Bogard siblings and Geese to a conclusion, so we chose Geese as the last boss.

—I’m guessing we won’t be seeing Geese again in future games then, will we…?

Staff: Hmmm. It’s difficult, but among the developers, we see this as Garou Densetsu—a legend being told. Exactly because Geese is so charistmatic, it wouldn’t make sense to keep bringing him back again and again. We can probably use him again in a similar episodic capacity, though.

As you probably know, Geese does appear again in the new Real Bout Fatal Fury Special. During the location test, I was watching a player fight (and get demolished by) the CPU-controlled Geese. The defeated player turned directly toward the screen, and is if in supplication, cried out “Geese-sama…” It struck me in that moment that the players have an even stronger connection to these characters than the developers themselves.

—Lilly appears in Joe’s ending in Fatal Fury 3… what has happened to them since then?

Staff: Billy has torn a rift between the two of them, but Lilly still seems to hold a candle in her heart for Joe. Joe, on the other hand, appears to still be crazy for her.

—I also saw that only Billy got a big update to his clothing this time. Does that perhaps reflect an inner change in his character?

Staff: Not particularly. But did you notice the “NO SMOKING” print on the back of his jumper? It’s not to say Billy doesn’t smoke… it’s just something he found randomly in the city (he didn’t pay for it, by the way).

—Why did you update the layout of the buttons so much for Real Bout?

Staff: About that. In Fatal Fury 3 we introduced the Oversway Line. It seemed to be very difficult for new players, but we were convinced the idea itself was good. So we tried to make it easier to use this game, which meant adding a dedicated button for it. That was the biggest reason for changing the entire button layout.

Besides that, three attack buttons corresponded nicely to weak-mid-strong, which matched our vision of a game that would be simple to understand, but deep.

Concept art for Duck King, who was chosen for inclusion in Real Bout Fatal Fury instead of Cheng.

—Tell us about the creation of the new “Ring Out” mechanic.

Staff: We had a lot of different ideas for the ring out system, at first… like having the players fall off of buildings, or get eaten by animals outside the ring, or be frozen… different ways to die. (laughs)

It changes the way you use your attacks depending on whether you’re in the center or edges of the screen. Those were the kind of thrilling, dynamic fights we were hoping to create by adding the ring out system.

—How did you come up with the idea for Combination Attacks?

Staff: Well, there were “Combination Arts” in Fatal Fury 3 too… remember? They were really fun if you played a lot, but the input timing was too severe, so in Real Bout we wanted to improve on them.

—Can you tell us about the “Hidden Abilities”, which are even more powerful than Super Special Attacks?

Staff: The Hidden Ability moves also first appeared in Fatal Fury 3, actually. As the name suggests, they’re supposed to be hidden abilities each character possesses—abilities far above their normal level—that are only released in the heat of battle when one’s psyche is being pushed to the absolute limit. That was our image for them, but in Fatal Fury 3, you couldn’t use them freely at will. We wanted to make them easier to use and more in-line with our original vision, so we added a power gauge for them.

Concept art for Blue Mary.

—The special moves are a lot easier to execute in Real Bout. And you publicly released the command inputs for the special moves ahead of the game’s release this time.

Staff: Pulling off flashy special moves and combos are what make a FTG game feel fun. We didn’t think there was any reason to hide those or make them too hard to do. Plus, most of our staff and the players felt the same way.

—The combo system allows for very big chains. What made you include this new combo system?

Staff: You’re referring to the Rush Hit system—it was to bring out the sense of excitement and exhiliration. Nothing beats that feeling of being able to chain together moves (especially special moves) into a nice combo.

The thing about combos though is that if they’re too long, the other player will get bored seeing them again and again. So there’s lot of opportunities for multi-hit attacks, but to the best of our ability, we tried to avoid really long combos.

—Please give a final message for fans of Fatal Fury series.

Staff: I think the Fatal Fury games have a very distinct style and flavor from other FTGs. I know opinions will differ, but we’ve designed the games to be enjoyed by as wide an audience as possible, so I hope you enjoy them and continue to show us your support.

Concept art for Joe Higashi, who the developers say was relegated to a background role in this game’s plot, in favor of the drama between the Bogard siblings and Geese.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136291-ca91d10a80eef3dd4b3910ca02467787.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000027306 00000000000 015107  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        U.S. Army Capt. William Swenson bows his head for a prayer during his Medal of Honor ceremony at the White House. Swenson, 34, was honored for his service during a September 2009 battle in the Ganjgal Valley in eastern Afghanistan.

Oct. 15, 2013 U.S. Army Capt. William Swenson bows his head for a prayer during his Medal of Honor ceremony at the White House. Swenson, 34, was honored for his service during a September 2009 battle in the Ganjgal Valley in eastern Afghanistan. Bill O’Leary/The Washington Post

The 34-year-old Army captain is credited with risking his life to help save his fellow troops and recover others’ bodies after coalition troops were ambushed in Afghanistan’s Ganjgal valley in September 2009.

The 34-year-old former soldier is credited with risking his life to help save his fellow troops and recover others’ bodies after coalition troops were ambushed in Afghanistan’s Ganjgal valley in September 2009.

The 34-year-old former soldier is credited with risking his life to help save his fellow troops and recover others’ bodies after coalition troops were ambushed in Afghanistan’s Ganjgal valley in September 2009.

Four years after he survived a brutal firefight in a remote Afghanistan valley that claimed the lives of five Americans, retired U.S. Army Capt. William Swenson will be hailed as a hero at the White House on Tuesday.

Swenson, 34, is credited with risking his life to help save his fellow troops and recover bodies, feats that President Obama will recount when he presents Swenson with the Medal of Honor, the nation’s highest military decoration.

But for Swenson, the award stands for more than his personal bravery during the seven-hour battle in the Ganjgal valley, near the Pakistan border, on Sept. 8, 2009. It is also a measure of vindication.

After returning from the battlefield, Swenson engaged in a lengthy and bitter dispute with the military over the narrative of one of the Afghan war’s most notorious firefights.

The questions he raised resulted in reprimands for two other officers and what he and others say was an effort by the Army to discredit him. His account also cast doubt on the exploits of another Medal of Honor recipient from the same battle, Dakota Meyer of the Marine Corps.

The Battle of Ganjgal remains one of the deadliest in the Afghan war. Yet William Swenson, a former captain in the U.S. Army, managed to help fend off an onslaught of insurgents, saved lives, coordinated a rescue, and braved gunfire to retrieve fallen soldiers. This is his story. (The Washington Post)

United in war, the two men have taken far different paths since. Meyer has found celebrity and success, with a book and a personal assistant, boosted by a story that Swenson considers an inflated and misleading account of that harrowing day.

Swenson — the first Army officer since the Vietnam War to be awarded the medal — has been unemployed since leaving the service in 2011. He is single and lives in Seattle, growing a thick beard and long hair, in contrast to the clean-cut look of his military days, and escaping often to the mountains to find solitude in “my forced early retirement.”

“Are you familiar with Pyrrhic victories?” Swenson said in a recent interview. “That’s what I specialize in.”

Ganjgal remains one of the costliest battles of the 12-year Afghan conflict. In addition to the five U.S. deaths, 10 Afghan army troops and an interpreter were killed, while more than two dozen coalition troops were injured.

The troops were part of a coalition task force that set out that morning to meet with village elders, a mission designed to “separate the isolated mountain communities from insurgents,” according to the Army. Shortly after making their way over the rocky terrain and descending into the valley, however, they came under heavy fire from 60 well-armed Taliban fighters who sneaked into the area overnight.

Overmatched and quickly separated from one another, the coalition troops fought for hours as insurgents rained down gunfire in the U-shaped mountain pass.

Some of the chaos was captured in a short video, recorded on the helmet cameras of two pilots of a medical evacuation helicopter, that shows Swenson helping Sgt. 1st Class Kenneth Westbrook, who was wounded, into the chopper. In the video, Swenson can be seen pausing to kiss his battlefield adviser on the forehead before returning to the fight.

Calling him "the soldier who went back in," President Obama awarded the Medal of Honor to former Army captain William Swenson for his bravery during the Battle of Ganjgal, one of the deadliest battles in the Afghan war. (The Washington Post)

Westbrook, a married father of three, survived for a month before dying at a U.S. hospital of complications from blood transfusions.

Toward the end of the battle, Swenson and Marine Capt. Ademola Fabayo made two trips into the kill zone to rescue Afghan troops. Then they joined Meyer and Marine Staff Sgt. Juan Rodriguez-Chavez, who had been making separate rescue missions, to recover the bodies of three Marines, a Navy corpsman and their Afghan interpreter, who were found in a deep trench. (Fabayo and Rodriguez-Chavez were awarded the Navy Cross.)

In an interview with superiors several days later, Swenson lashed out at the military’s rules of engagement, which had been tightened by Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal in an effort to limit civilian casualties. Swenson demanded to know why many of his radio calls for air cover and artillery support were rejected by his superiors. He asked why he was “being second-guessed by [higher-ups] or somebody that’s sitting in an air-conditioned” office. “Why [the] hell am I even out there in the first place?” he said, according to an account by the Military Times. “Let’s sit back and play Nintendo.”

Officers reprimanded

An Army investigation, finalized 11 / 2 years later, resulted in severe reprimands of two officers who were in charge at the forward operating base that fielded Swenson’s calls for help.

War correspondent Jonathan Landay of McClatchy Newspapers, who was embedded with the coalition troops, has written extensively about the battle. He called Swenson “one of the most upstanding and moral men I have met in my life, someone who believes in what he’s doing. He believes in the regulations, in accountability. He’s unwilling to accept the go-along, get-along.”

But it was Meyer who gained the most attention and acclaim — a 21-year-old from Kentucky who reportedly disregarded orders and rushed into the battle from a rear position after listening to the ambush on the radio.

On Sept. 14, 2011, Meyer visited the White House to have a beer with Obama. The next day he appeared in the East Room, where the president draped the Medal of Honor around his neck. He was the first living Marine to win the award in 38 years. Obama hailed Meyer for helping save 13 Americans and 23 Afghans in a feat that “will be told for generations.”

Others were not convinced. Three months later, Landay published an exhaustive investigation, based on internal military documents and interviews with Afghan troops, that alleged the official narrative that supported Meyer’s award inflated the number of Americans he rescued and how many insurgents he killed.

Landay reported that 11 U.S. troops were on the battlefield and that four died that day. In his account, it was Swenson who led the final mission to retrieve the bodies of the four dead Americans, with Meyer in the back seat of the Humvee. Landay emphasized that Meyer also performed heroically and that his fellow troops thought he deserved the medal, despite the contradictions.

The Marine Corps and Meyer have disputed Landay’s findings. Asked to comment, Meyer said through a spokeswoman: “I am very proud of Captain Swenson. He received the medal he deserves. . . . My family and I will continue to have everyone who lost their lives that day in our thoughts and prayers.”

As Meyer accepted his award, Swenson’s medal nomination — first submitted by the Army in December 2009 — had vanished.

‘Armchair bureaucracy’

Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-Calif.) has never spoken with Swenson, but he was incensed when he learned about his case last year.

A former Marine who served in Iraq and Afghanistan, Hunter was frustrated by what he called the “armchair bureaucracy sitting back at the Pentagon changing what the guys on the ground are saying happened.”

The congressman took up Swenson’s cause, writing letters to high-ranking military officials. “It’s taken four years for Swenson to get the medal,” Hunter said in an interview. “Don’t tell me you can’t do it in six months.”

After an internal investigation, Army officials concluded that Swenson’s digital nomination packet had been lost in the computer system for 19 months. Landay also reported that the Army’s investigation had uncovered evidence that military officials may have improperly attempted to downgrade the original nomination to a Distinguished Service Cross.

An Army spokeswoman said this past week that Swenson’s award had not been downgraded and that Medal of Honor award procedures were not violated. Swenson was renominated in 2011 after Marine Gen. John R. Allen, then the commander in Afghanistan, took interest.

“The Army is reviewing ways to ensure this type of injustice does not happen again,” said spokeswoman Tatjana Christian, adding that it typically takes one to three years to process a Medal of Honor nomination before it reaches the White House. She also noted that a medal was awarded this spring to Army Chaplain Emil J. Kapaun, a Korean War prisoner of war who died in captivity in 1951.

During the delay, Westbrook’s widow, Charlene Westbrook, who lives in Colorado, shared her frustrations in telephone conversations with Swenson. “It was almost like a blacklist,” she said in an interview. “He said something, criticized the upper ranks, and he’s being punished for it.”

Swenson retreated further into private life while Meyer became a prominent public figure. Last fall, Meyer published an autobiography titled “Into the Fire,” co-written by military author Bing West. Meyer said in the book that he killed a Taliban fighter by bashing him on the head with a rock — a detail he had not told investigators after the battle.

In the book, Meyer and West praise Swenson and criticize the Army for its handling of his case. But Swenson remains skeptical of Meyer and the publicity he has sought. Swenson has not spoken publicly about the Ganjgal battle.

In recent days, Swenson pressed the Army to produce a section on the Medal of Honor Web site with maps and diagrams of the Ganjgal battle based on documents he provided. The site went online this past week. Some of the information in the account, Swenson said, “is not going to mutually support other stories.”

One of the few people Swenson keeps in touch with from his Army days is Charlene Westbrook. The two have spoken monthly since Ganjgal, and last year he traveled to Fort Benning, Ga., where she was presented the Silver Star in honor of her husband.

When Swenson told her last month that his own medal had been approved, Westbrook said, “I cried, and he assured me he was accepting it for the team.”

Westbrook credited Swenson with helping her and her three adult sons cope with a series of family traumas. Kenneth Westbrook’s older brother Marshall, a New Mexico National Guardsman, was killed during combat in Iraq in 2005. Last year, Marshall’s daughter Nicole, 21, was slain in a random shooting in Seattle.

The Army widow said Swenson offered support when she flew to Seattle after her niece was shot, a sign, perhaps, that the former captain has not left his service days entirely behind.

“He’s my soldier,” Swenson said of his dead battlefield partner. “You take care of your soldiers.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136206-d20e209315b4760701bce32ac60c5cc7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002031 00000000000 014770  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A Salute to Downton Abbey

A Salute to Downton Abbey premiered November 2015

Join host Hugh Bonneville to recall the high points of the series and preview season six.

About the Program

Hugh Bonneville As the top-rated PBS drama of all time approaches its sixth and final season in January 2016, join host Hugh Bonneville, who portrays Robert, Earl of Grantham, to look back on this remarkable series and its beloved characters.

A Salute to Downton Abbey gives a tantalizing glimpse of what the climactic nine episodes in Season 6 will bring. Where will fate, passion, ambition and duty lead television’s cherished characters?

Featuring interviews with writer and creator Julian Fellowes, executive producer Gareth Neame and the cast of Downton Abbey, A Salute to Downton Abbey includes favorite scenes and behind-the-scenes footage from both above and below stairs.

Host Hugh Bonneville recalls the high points from storylines of the past five seasons, and with his characteristic charm and wit, helps answer the following burning questions:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0136268-140da9682725722a38f77f927d050e7d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000025465 00000000000 014645  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        1,000 Days and Counting

by Stephen Lendman

December 13 marked the 1,000th day of Bahraini protests. At issue are long denied fundamental rights.

Majority Shias face systematic discrimination. The ruling Al Khalifa monarchy governs lawlessly. Ruthlessness reflects official state policy.

Since mid-February 2011, pro-democracy demonstrators rallied nearly daily. They demand fundamental civil and human rights.

They want democratic governance replacing despotism. The want Al Khalifa royal family members to relinquish power.

They ruthlessly retain it. They enjoy full US support. They’ve killed dozens of peaceful protesters. They arrested hundreds more.

They deny free expression, assembly, equity and judicial fairness. Torture is official state policy. So are state-sponsored atrocities.

On September 13, a joint statement of concern on human rights was read at the 24th UN Human Rights Council’s opening day. It was on behalf of 47 co-sponsoring countries. In part it said:

“(T)he human rights situation in Bahrain remains an issue of serious concern.”

“We are particularly concerned by the ongoing violation of the rights to freedom of peaceful assembly and association and the repression of demonstrations.”

“(W)e continue to be concerned about the continued harassment and imprisonment of persons exercising their rights to freedom of opinion and expression, including of human rights defenders.”

“We are also concerned about the cases of revocation of nationality without due process, some of which might lead to statelessness.”

“Lastly, we are concerned that those alleged to have committed human rights violations (aren’t) held accountable.”

Physicians for Human Rights – Bahrain (PHR-B) expressed great concern about mistreatment of doctors, nurses and other medical professionals. They’re terrorized for treating injured protesters.

Medical providers have firsthand knowledge of government atrocities. PHR-B documented them.

They include excessive force. Nonviolent civilians are targeted with high-velocity weapons, shotguns, birdshot, rubber bullets, tear gas and other weapons.

Often it’s at a close range. Bystanders are attacked for being in the wrong place at the wrong time.

Bahraini forces fire tear gas into enclosed spaces. Homes are targeted. Toxic chemical agents are used.

They cause disorientation, respiratory distress, shortness of breath, choking, burning, aphasia and convulsions.

Civilian detainees are tortured and abused in custody. Wanting to live free is considered terrorism.

Bahrain is a signatory to nearly every major international humanitarian and human rights law. They include:

the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR);

the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (ICESCR);

the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment; and

the Convention of the Rights of the Child (CRC), among others.

Authorities spurn their provisions unaccountably. They do it violently. They do it daily. Middle of the night abductions, disappearances, beatings and detentions are commonplace.

Human rights defenders are especially vulnerable. Yousif Al-Muhafdaha is acting Bahrain Center for Human Rights (BCHR) vice president.

On December 2, he headlined “I’ve Been Forced into Exile for Defending Human Rights in My Home Country, Bahrain.”

In part he said:

“I am not going back to my country. It was one of the hardest decisions I have ever made.”

“But I made it to continue doing the work that matters most to me: documenting the human rights violations in Bahrain that have been ongoing since protests for change began in February 2011.”

“I will stay abroad and work from exile for the Bahrain Center for Human Rights (BCHR) after receiving numerous death threats for launching a campaign to hold officials accountable for torture.”

On October 31, BCHR launched a “ Wanted for Justice ” campaign. It did so to end longstanding Al Khalifa repression impunity.

It named names. It listed charges. It included officials ranging from low to high level authority.

Cards displaying culpable images were distributed under the banner “Wanted for Justice in Bahrain.” The campaign ran from November 1 to the International Day to End Impunity on November 23.

Days later, the UN established November 2 as International Day to End Impunity.

Day to End Impunity.org calls the initiative “a day dedicated to a call to action to demand justice for those who have been targeted for exercising their right to freedom of expression, and to shed light on the issue of impunity.”

It marks the anniversary of the 2009 Maguindanao Ampatuan (Philippines) massacre. Fifty-eight people were murdered in cold blood.

Included were 32 journalists and media workers. No one faced justice. Similar crimes occur worldwide. Impunity is standard practice. State terror extends way beyond Bahrain.

BCHR initiated its campaign knowing the risks involved. It acted anyway. It did so responsibly. It’s clear, it said, “that justice cannot be attained within the judicial system in Bahrain.”

State-sponsored terrorism goes unpunished. Bahraini authorities “have a history of retaliating against human rights defenders.”

Notable ones languish in Bahrain’s gulag. They’re horrifically treated. They’re tortured and abused. They’re denied vital medical care. They’re rights are systematically ignored.

BCHR expressed great concern that its members and families will be ruthlessly targeted because of its campaign.

Maryam Al-Khawaja is acting BCHR president. Her father, Abdulhadi, is one of many imprisoned human rights defenders. So is her sister, Zainab.

Maryam commented on BCHR’s Wanted for Justice campaign, saying:

“It is about time we put a face to the violations. Continuously referring to the perpetrators of widespread human rights violations from the 1990’s until now as the ‘Government of Bahrain’ or the ‘regime’ allows the individuals involved to continue living and traveling freely.”

“Let their faces be known, not only in Bahrain, but internationally. All the names included in our list are people who should be given a fair trial according to international standards, and if found guilty, should be held accountable.”

“We also hope that this campaign will help encourage international actors to stop doing business with these individuals, and start thinking about individual sanctions.”

BCHR targeted 15 Al Khalifa family members. Numerous other regime-connected brutes were included. They’re wanted for systematic crimes against humanity.

Bahrainis justifiably want democratically elected officials replacing repressive ones. They’re brutalized for demanding human and civil rights. They’re targeted for supporting right over wrong.

On February 27, 2013, Zainab Al-Khawaja was arrested. She was targeted for her human rights activism. She’s imprisoned on numerous false charges.

Her sentence runs 12 months. On December 22, she’ll be tried again. She’s charged with “insulting a police officer.”

She defended another prisoner against a guard’s abuse. She’s been horrifically mistreated in detention. It’s taken a serious toll on her health.

Family members said she’s pale, tired, dizzy and weak. She has trouble standing. She’s unable to read. She’s denied proper medical care. Numerous other prisoners are treated the same way.

On November 23, pro-government newspaper, Akhbar Alkheleej, published photos and names of 18 noted Bahraini human rights defenders.

It maliciously accused them of human rights violations, terrorism and other false charges. The next day, Hussain Jawad was arrested. He heads the European-Bahraini Organization for Human Rights (EBOHR).

He’s charged with “inciting hatred of the regime.” At issue is his human rights advocacy.

Bahrain Teachers Society president Mahdi Abu Deeb was sentenced to 10 years in prison. His deputy, Jalila Al-Salman, got three years.

They’ve been horrifically mistreated. They were brutally tortured and abused. Abu Deeb appealed to Bahrain’s court of cassation.

It’s a supreme court of appeal for all civil, commercial and criminal matters. Judges are appointed by royal decree. They support power. They ignore justice. They rejected Abu Deeb’s appeal.

He may not survive 10 years of brutalizing treatment. Others wrongfully imprisoned and abused may suffer the same fate.

Bahrain is a lawless police state. It’s a valued US ally. It’s home base for America’s Fifth Fleet. It’s part of the Pentagon’s Central Command (CENTCOM).

In early December, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel visited Bahrain. He reaffirmed America’s commitment to the monarchy.

In November, Chief of Naval Operations Admiral Johathan Greenert said regional naval plans include expanding America’s footprint in Bahrain.

Hagel said $580 million in construction upgrades are underway. America’s Asia pivot doesn’t mean abandoning Middle East nations, he stressed.

He assured regional allies, “we’re not going anywhere.” Washington’s Asia pivot “should not be misunderstood to be that we are retreating from any part of the world,” he stressed.

America’s imperial footprint stretches globally. It targets vital freedoms everywhere. It supports some of the world’s worst despots.

They’re considered valued allies. Saudi Arabia, Qatar, other Gulf states, Egypt, Jordan, and other Arab countries are involved in America’s regional adventurism.

Bahrainis, Syrians, Palestinians, Iranians and others are targeted. Imperialism operates this way.

Hagel explained saying: “Our success will continue to hinge on America’s military power, and the credibility of our assurances to our allies and partners in the Middle East.”

He promised Bahrain full US support. He called Iran “a profoundly destabilizing influence.” He ignored ruthless Israeli policies.

He stressed America’s regional commitment. He called it “enduring.” As long as it’s oil and gas rich, US forces are there to stay.

Their presence provides no aid and comfort to beleaguered Bahrainis. Their liberation struggle continues. It’s largely out of sight and mind. America’s media ignore it.

Bahrainis are on their own to achieve long denied equity and justice. Maybe some day. Not now.

Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago. He can be reached at lendmanstephen@sbcglobal.net.

His new book is titled “Banker Occupation: Waging Financial War on Humanity.”

http://www.claritypress.com/LendmanII.html

Visit his blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com.

Listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network.

It airs Fridays at 10AM US Central time and Saturdays and Sundays at noon. All programs are archived for easy listening.

http://www.progressiveradionetwork.com/the-progressive-news-hour

http://www.dailycensored.com/1000-days-counting/                                                                                                                                                                                                           0136163-1337f0d2a4cbf8a13f2273a8025a4878.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017673 00000000000 014753  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        ⇓ More from ICTworks

Imagine a world where all phones were automatically connected to the Internet, at no charge. Is this an idle fantasy?

The current worldwide debate about Zero-Rating and Network Neutrality has brought the issue of affordable Internet access into sharp relief. I recently came back from the Internet Governance Forum (IGF) in Brazil where there were no less than seven sessions on Zero Rating and Network Neutrality.

Internet.org, now renamed as Free Basics, continues to be a subject of often emotional debate as to whether it brings greater benefits or harms to those who use it.

This has got me thinking about how we value the Internet and how fast the Internet needs to be in order to qualify as ‘enough’. In one of his sessions at the IGF, Vint Cerf pointed out that we use the word Internet as if it meant the same thing to everyone but this isn’t really true.

A feature-phone user browsing the Internet via Opera over a 3G connection does not have the same experience as the San Francisco-based developer on gigabit fibre staring at his/her dual 26 inch monitors.

Is All Data Bandwidth is Equally Valuable?

The “all bits are created equal” debate in Network Neutrality doesn’t really take into account our varied experiences of Internet. On a personal level, it is clear that some bits are more valuable to us than others.

A one or a zero that indicates whether your loved one is alive is worth infinitely more than four gigabytes of the latest Hollywood movie.

This leads me to question the assumption, implicit in most national broadband strategies, that the value of Internet increases more or less proportionately with increase in speed. The reality is that even very tiny amounts of data can be enormously valuable and that the value of access goes up dramatically with even a little access and then tapers off.

From a value maximisation perspective then one might conclude that it is more strategic to make a priority of ensuring that everyone has at least some connectivity as opposed to some percentage of the people getting fast Internet.

The Network Effect

This got me thinking about the spread of mobile telephony in sub-Saharan Africa. The Pay-As-You-Go (PAYG) model implemented by mobile network operators (MNOs) meant that it didn’t cost any money to be part of the network. All phones with a SIM card automatically register on the network and are callable on the network. A credit on the network is not required.

Why has this turned out to be a such a phenomenally successful model? Because MNOs recognised that each and every person connected to the network added value to the network whether they made a call or not because they increased the size of the callable network, thereby increasing value to paying users.

This phenomenon is known as network effect and while it may have been a somewhat esoteric concept twenty years ago when the mobile industry started, it is now well understood by any Internet entrepreneur.

Registering and managing non-paying customers on the phone network is a significant operational and financial overhead for MNOs, especially now with mandatory SIM registration being more common. Connecting phones to the network for free has obviously proven to be worthwhile. The increase in size of the overall network also helps to transform those non-paying users into paying ones as they see more and more value from the increased number of people to connect to. It is a positive cycle.

What If All Low-Bitrate Bandwidth Were Free?

This brings me back to an approach I suggested last year: low-bitrate, generic zero-rating. What if it were normal for all MNOs to offer low-bitrate, generic Internet access in the same manner that all MNOs connect phones to their network?

Let’s imagine that Internet data were enabled by default for free at GSM (2G) speeds of only 9.6kbps to all users. Let’s also imagine that it is a best-effort service that might not always achieve that speed or may have terrible latency, a bit like real 2G service.

A million users consuming 2G at a modest 4.8kbps would consume about 4.8gbps per second of capacity. Looking at the adult population of South Africa of roughly 35M people, if everyone were consuming that data on their phones at one time, it would amount to 168 gbps of capacity across the entire country.

Let’s put this in the context of South Africa’s undersea fibre optic cable capacity, which currently has an aggregate design capacity of 17 tbps, soon to reach 22 tbps when the ACE cable lands. Free 2G data for all would consume less than 0.01% of the design capacity of the international submarine cables landing in South Africa.

That is a very rough and inevitably flawed calculation. It doesn’t take into account whether the existing mobile networks could handle this capacity with their current spectrum allocations and technology. It also doesn’t take into account backhaul limitations where terrestrial fibre is not available.

But we do know that MNOs are actively investing in upgrading their networks, which would make this amount of data an increasingly small percentage of their network traffic. But the value to individuals would not diminish.

Generic low-speed zero-rating of mobile networks could have multiple impacts. It would:

Spur adoption of data services. As Clay Shirky has so eloquently put it, “If things are expensive to try, people will hold back from trying them and they’ll spend all their time trying not to fail. If the cost of experimentation falls though, and I mean falls precipitously, then people will spend a lot of time experimenting, and instead of not failing, the goal becomes to fail informatively to learn something from the things you tried.”

Legitimise data as a means of government/civic communication. If everyone can access basic data services just by having a feature/smartphone, then it is easier to justify government investment in e-services.

Decrease the digital divide. Democratising access to data through free low-bitrate access would create a true on-ramp to the Internet and its vast diversity of services and interactions.

Open up vast new markets to data service providers. The network-effects of millions of new data users would dramatically increase the value of data services in general.

Spur innovation in low data consumption applications. If you know that you can reach *everyone* at a very low speed, it would spur both the public and private sector to develop applications that consume less bandwidth in order to reach more people. Indeed Facebook is already doing this with their application development.

I’ve asked you to imagine a world where mobile phones connect to the Internet in the same way that they simply connect to the mobile phone network, where there are no data charges for very low data speeds. On the surface at least it would seem that the benefits to both the public and private sector would dramatically outweigh the costs of doing this.

If we accept that the value of access is not directly proportional to speed of access and that there is huge value in even small amounts of data access, then perhaps a national strategy ought to focus on getting everyone connected at a modest, free rate as opposed to say 80% of the people at say 2Mbps?

It will take more detailed cost modelling to really dig into this idea but I cannot help but think of more consumer benefits at every turn. Even for globe-trotting travellers. Imagine being able to pick up basic text messages and emails as soon as you get off the plane in a new country without having to search for a WiFi hotspot or wonder whether you dare turn on roaming. Always-on mobile data could open up new possibilities for mobile payment services.

Some operators like T-mobile in the US already offer 2G roaming but only for postpaid customers. What if it just made good social and economic sense to have basic rate Internet enabled for all mobile phones?

This post was first published as Zero-Rating: A Modest Proposal and was made possible in part through support from the Network Startup Resource Center                                                                     0136309-ae576a6569bb06e3f41dc1fbff6de556.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014642 00000000000 015352  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As a young martial artist I once debated whether a certain Kung Fu striking technique could actually work in a real fight.

To prove my point I mentioned that a bouncer I knew had successfully used that technique on a drunk in the bar the other night.

The guy I was arguing with shut me down with a devastatingly simple rebuttal, “Yeah Stephan, that doesn’t prove anything, because ANYTHING will work on a drunk.”

And he was right.

If a guy is drunk enough then you might just be able to land your spinning-flying-monkey-fist, or apply a standing aikido wrist lock against him. But the fact that something worked once against an inebriated opponent is NOT proof of the intrinsic effectiveness of the technique.

The sad truth is that low percentage techniques like the spinning-flying-monkey-fist (or whatever) will occasionally work against inferior opponents, but then completely fail you against strong, sober and determined opponents.

If the monkey fist really worked then every boxer and MMA fighter in the world, motivated by the desire to knock his opponent out and collect the prize money, would be monkey-fisting in every fight against every opponent.

By contrast, high percentage techniques like the jab, cross, push kick and knee from the Thai clinch have been proven many times against high quality opponents in the ring and in the street. That means you can rely on them working more often and against a better quality of opponent.

BJJ techniques are much the same way.

There are techniques that will work against white and blue belts that will not work against higher belts. Or, if by some crazy fluke they catch a higher belt with it once, then you’ll never catch him with it a second time.

If you get tricked by your early initial successes with these novelty techniques and make them your bread and butter then you’ll end up down a major blind alley – you’ll waste months or years of your training time stalled out exploring some blind alley.

By contrast high percentage BJJ techniques work again and again. In fact, if you refine them then they work even when your opponent is expecting them and is doing everything he can to shut them down.

To figure out the high percentage techniques the general rule of thumb is to look at what the high level guys are doing – if they’re doing it against the best black belts in the world then it’ll probably work for you at your club too.

(The only thing you have to be careful of are the techniques that require some crazy attribute, like extreme flexibility or super high levels of strength…)

Rob Biernacki and I discuss this concept – of modelling the top level guys – extensively in the immediatey video below. Give it a watch or a listen if you want to do a deep dive into figuring out which techniques to add to your game, and/or read on below.

Now it’s OK to spend a little bit of your training time doing crazy experiments and exploring weird ass techniques. Who knows, maybe you’ll discover the next big thing in jiu-jitsu…

But make sure that you spend the majority of your time on techniques that work the most often… the high percentage stuff… the moves you know will work against black belts.

For example, when it comes to submissions, how many matches at the Mundials ended with armbars, chokes from the back, kneebars and triangle chokes? Answer: in most years these account for the majority of all submissions!

So if you’re serious about submitting your opponents I would spend quite a bit of time developing my armbar and/or my chokes from the back and/or my kneebars and/or my triangle chokes.

Let’s finish up with one more real world example about defending the guard pass…

I often train with a really good purple belt. He’s tough, strong, smart and has been training a looonnnnggg time.

He complained to me that his jiu-jitsu development had stalled out, and I took that as an invitation to give him s*** for a bad habit that might be part of the reason his pesky plateauing.

I told him that whenever I was close to passing his guard he would concede the pass, lie flat on his back, and swim an arm around my head in an attempt to get my lapel noosed around my neck. It’s sort of a weird inverted loop choke.

(This choke-attack-as-a-guard-pass-defense is unorthodox; I can recall a few times that I’ve had to scramble like hell to escape the choke. But once you’re wise to this choke it’s pretty easy to shut down. And by flopping to his back the guy on the bottom has given up his final opportunity to stop the guard pass.)

In general, I advised him, going flat onto your back when your guard is about to be passed is a bad idea unless you’ve got some crazy-ass flexible legs.

Therefore the best thing he could do to make his guard harder to pass was to STOP falling to his back and going for this tricky choke.

Instead I told him to put a frame in place, fight like crazy to sit up, and escape his hips backwards.

This is the ‘Frame and Hip Escape’ style of guard retention (video below).

Now the frame and hip escape isn’t the only effective method of guard pass prevention.

But it is very effective, it works for almost everyone, and it combines well with other guard retention methods like the half Granby roll (which you can learn in the second video in this guard retention article on Grapplearts).

Want proof that it works?

Well, if you watch footage of Marcelo Garcia sparring or competing you see him do this style frame and hip escape guard pass prevention again and again.

Torreando pass: Frame… Situp… Hip Escape!

Over-under pass: Frame… Situp… Hip Escape!

Leg-on-shoulder pass: Frame… Situp… Hip Escape!

And he’s not the only only competitor using it. A ton of other high level grapplers use variations of this movement to prevent the guard pass, which is a pretty good indicator that it’s a high percentage reliable technique.

We’ve talked about submissions and guard pass prevention techniques, but the same approach applies to every area of jiu-jitsu including takedowns, pin escapes, taking the back, sweeping your opponent, passing the guard, and breaking grips…

Training time is precious. Unless you can spend 8 hours a day at the dojo spend the majority of your time working on the high percentage stuff.

So focus on the techniques the black belts use when they’re fighting other black belts for real.

If it’s their bread and butter when the rubber meets the road then maybe you should consider making it your bread and butter too.

Comments ( )                                                                                              0136320-292755c692c817c9ac08d2be4164a61c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007155 00000000000 014755  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Evelyn Francis McHale (September 20, 1923 – May 1, 1947)[1] was an American bookkeeper who took her own life by jumping from the 86th floor Observation Deck of the Empire State Building on May 1, 1947.

A photograph taken four minutes after her death by photography student Robert Wiles has become an iconic suicide photograph, referred to as "the most beautiful suicide".[2][3]

Life [ edit ]

Evelyn McHale was born in Berkeley, California[4] one of nine children to Helen and Vincent McHale. Vincent was a bank examiner and relocated to Washington D.C. in 1930. Her mother suffered from undiagnosed and untreated depression. This led to a challenging marriage, and ultimately a divorce.[5] Vincent gained custody of all children and moved to Tuckahoe, New York.

After graduating from high school Evelyn joined the Women's Army Corps, and was stationed in Jefferson City, Missouri.

She later moved to Baldwin, New York and was employed as a bookkeeper at the Kitab Engraving Company on Pearl Street. She met her fiance Barry Rhodes, a college student discharged from the United States Army Air Force.[6][7]

Death [ edit ]

On April 30, 1947, McHale took a train from New York to Easton, Pennsylvania to visit Rhodes. The next day, after leaving Rhodes' residence, she returned to New York City and went to the Empire State Building where she jumped from the 86th floor observatory. A security guard was reportedly standing approximately ten feet from her just before she jumped.

Rhodes did not notice any indication of suicide before McHale left. Detective Frank Murray found her suicide note in a black pocketbook next to her neatly folded cloth coat over the observation deck wall. The note read:[6][8]

I don't want anyone in or out of my family to see any part of me. Could you destroy my body by cremation? I beg of you and my family – don't have any service for me or remembrance for me. My fiance asked me to marry him in June. I don't think I would make a good wife for anybody. He is much better off without me. Tell my father, I have too many of my mother's tendencies.

Her body was identified by her sister, Helen Brenner.

In accordance with her wishes, she was cremated with no memorial, service or grave.[6]

Her then-fiance Barry Rhodes became an engineer before moving south. He died unmarried in Melbourne, Florida on October 9th 2007.[9]

Legacy [ edit ]

The Robert Wiles photo

The photo of her body, taken by Robert Wiles, has been compared to the photograph by Malcolm Wilde Browne of the self-immolation of Vietnamese Buddhist monk Thích Quảng Đức who burned himself alive at a busy Saigon road intersection on June 11, 1963, which is widely regarded as among the most iconic suicide photographs. Ben Cosgrove of Time described the photo as "technically rich, visually compelling and ... downright beautiful". Cosgrove described her body as "resting, or napping, rather than ... dead" and appears as if she is "daydreaming of her beau".[2][10]

Andy Warhol used Wiles' photo in one of his prints entitled Suicide (Fallen Body).[11]

Her picture was also used on the cover of Saccharine Trust's album Surviving You, Always, released in 1984 by SST Records.

David Bowie's 1993 video for the single "Jump They Say" includes a recreation of the image, with the singer splayed atop a smashed car.

The cover of the 1995 album Gilt by the Tucson band Machines of Loving Grace uses a color photo that recreates the original image.

The cover of the 2009 album “Backspacer” by the band Pearl Jam features an artist rendition of the iconic photograph in the bottom right corner.

The shot is also referenced at the start of Taylor Swift's 'Bad Blood' video.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0136129-363e364399da5fa7aa5d5c64fc3ad5dd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006135 00000000000 015343  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Eyes on the Street: 33rd Street Plaza Comes to Life

There is now a plaza at Penn Plaza.

The finishing touches were added to a temporary pedestrian space occupying the full breadth of 33rd Street just west of Seventh Avenue earlier this week. The plaza stretches a little less than halfway to Eighth Avenue, replacing what used to be westbound traffic lanes with planters, sculptures, a terraced seating area, and a painted surface to grab the attention of passing commuters.

The plaza was funded by Vornado Realty Trust, which owns a number of large properties nearby, including Penn Plaza, the Hotel Pennsylvania, and the Manhattan Mall. Vornado received the backing of DOT and Community Board 5 for its plan earlier this year,

The space was busy during yesterday’s evening rush hour. “I’m a New Yorker. I like to have a place to sit,” said Eva, who commutes by Long Island Rail Road from Flushing Estates and refused to give her last time. “In this area here, you don’t have a park, you don’t have a place to come sit down at lunchtime,” she said. “It’s nice.”

Vornado is planning to host performances, workshops and other events in the plaza space this summer and fall. For a temporary plaza, the design is high-quality, noted Curbed, including sculptures by Keith Haring and Roy Lichtenstein. Some of the wooden seats are cleverly designed to fit over concrete steps, while the planters are ringed by seating, as well.

The western half of the block was converted to two-way operation and is used by Madison Square Garden for access to its loading docks. While the plaza provides a low-stress connection to a Citi Bike station across Seventh Avenue, a Vornado security guard at the plaza yesterday said bicycling, along with skateboarding, is prohibited.

The plaza is the centerpiece of changes Vornado recently installed nearby. A painted sidewalk extension, including benches and planters, was added to the north side of 32nd Street between Sixth and Seventh avenues. Vornado also worked with UrbanSpace to launch Penn Plates, a pop-up food market in Pearson Park, an outdoor mid-block passage connecting the plaza to 34th Street. The market is open daily from 11 a.m. to 9 p.m. through November 15.

The plaza on 33rd Street and sidewalk extension on 32nd Street will be removed October 11, at which point Vornado and DOT will evaluate whether to make the plaza permanent or bring it back seasonally. Vornado has hired Sam Schwartz Engineering to monitor 10 nearby intersections during the trial period.

The real estate giant has also hired Norwegian architecture firm Snøhetta, designer of the permanent Times Square plazas, to develop a public space plan for its properties near Penn Station.

Pedestrian volumes on streets near Penn Station are among the highest in the city. In 2008, Tri-State Transportation Campaign launched a campaign, Penn for Peds, to give more space to pedestrians near the station. In 2010, DOT unveiled a plan to construct a transitway on 34th Street that included a one-block plaza between Fifth Avenue and Sixth Avenue. The plan was withdrawn in 2011 due to opposition from nearby property owners.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0136317-6e0834be3e0f15d776a16116c4c2adbb.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000026237 00000000000 015163  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        PHILADELPHIA — For more than two decades prosecutors in Philadelphia were convinced they knew exactly what happened to Louise Talley, who was murdered inside her home in 1991.

Now, they’re not so sure.

But they’re willing to stake the integrity of the American justice system on their belief that Anthony Wright had something to do with it.

Last week, Wright went on trial a second time on charges that he murdered the 77-year-old widow during a drug-fueled burglary. A jury found Wright guilty of murder in 1993 and he was subsequently sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole, narrowly escaping the death penalty. Wright spent the next 23 years in prison before DNA evidence proved that another man was responsible for the crime.

Yet Wright is back on trial for the same murder today.

A judge vacated Wright’s conviction in 2014, but now he’s being tried again for the same crime. (Since a jury did not acquit Wright of murder in the first place, the Constitution’s prohibition on “double jeopardy” can’t protect him.) Now the Philadelphia District Attorney’s office led by Seth Williams argues that Wright must have had an accomplice who left the incriminating DNA.

That man was Ronnie Byrd, a former crackhead who had racked up a long list of felonies including convictions for assault, robbery, and receiving stolen property before he died in prison in 2013.

Having tried and failed to put Wright away for life without scientific evidence, the DA is trying again.

A spokesperson for the district attorney’s office refused to comment on the case, citing agency policy. Wright’s attorneys did not return phone messages seeking their input. However, Bradley Bridge, a veteran attorney with the Defender Association of Philadelphia who represented Wright as a juvenile, spoke to The Daily Beast about the case and said the DA’s inconsistencies are troubling.

“They advanced one theory for decades, discovered that it’s undercut by the science, and now they’re advancing a different theory, which is totally at odds with the first and doesn’t make much sense anyway,” he said. “The prosecutor is stretching to come up with a theory of this case that isn’t supported by the evidence.”

In fact, the DA’s office was so hell-bent on keeping Wright in prison that it fought to prevent DNA testing from even taking place originally. It took attorneys from the Innocence Project at Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law in New York nine years of legal wrangling (all the way up to the Pennsylvania Supreme Court) to get prosecutors to drop their objections.

For all the controversy surrounding Wright’s retrial, it’s undisputed that Talley met a horrifically violent end. According to court records, when police entered her home on Oct. 19, 1991, at the behest of concerned family members, they found the property had been ransacked. The victim’s body was discovered on the second floor, naked, and lying face down in her bed. An empty blood-soaked purse was found beneath her body. On the floor next to Talley police retrieved a bloody kitchen knife from inside the folds of her discarded bathrobe.

The medical examiner would later rule that Talley died as a result of blunt force trauma and multiple stab wounds to her neck, chest, and back. A semen stain on her sheets indicated she had been raped before she died, investigators said.

Wright was brought in next morning for questioning. If police are to be believed, he waived his Miranda rights and provided a full confession all within the time it takes to watch an episode-and-a-half of Law & Order. The nine-page statement he signed describes in detail how he forced Talley to strip, raped her, and then stabbed her when she began to struggle. As all this was going on, Talley was begging him not to hurt her, according to the statement.

Wright recanted the confession at trial, claiming he had been handcuffed to a chair by police and forced to sign it without reading it. Wright’s interrogation was not recorded, and the only witnesses were the detectives asking the questions—the ones Wright says promised to “skullfuck” him if he didn’t cooperate.

In 1993 a judge denied a motion by Wright’s court-appointed lawyer to suppress the confession, on the grounds that it was given “voluntarily.” Astoundingly, the judge overseeing Wright’s case, Sandy L.V. Byrd (no relation to Ronnie Byrd), ruled to allow the confession as evidence in his current case. The DNA evidence proves that significant portions of Wright’s questionable confession could not have happened as described.

While the original investigation said it discovered semen on Talley’s sheets, follow-up testing showed there was none present on items retrieved from the bed. Instead, ejaculate was found inside Talley’s vagina and rectum (where the medical examiner failed to discover it the first time). Most importantly, DNA from the semen matched with Byrd and excluded Wright.

What’s more, the prosecution’s smoking gun—clothing items long believed to have been worn by the killer—turned out upon further inspection to be less than incriminating.

Wright’s confession described the clothes he was wearing at the alleged time he killed Talley as a black Chicago Bulls sweatshirt, a pair of blue jeans, and Fila sneakers. Detectives testified that they recovered these items from Wright’s home the day of his arrest and that they were spattered with blood. Wright and his mother have long maintained the items weren’t his, and sophisticated testing failed to turn up any of his DNA inside the clothing. Instead investigators found forensic evidence suggesting that the clothes belonged to Talley, not her murderer.

Marissa Boyers Bluestine, legal director of the Pennsylvania Innocence Project at Temple University, said the district attorney’s office will need to articulate how it made such a profound error about such an important piece of evidence.

“On the one hand, it seems highly unlikely that the police walk into a crime scene, take clothing away and plant it on him,” she told The Daily Beast. “But there are a host of questions there. We’re talking about clothing that we now know was not Mr. Wright’s. To be honest I cannot come up with a sustainable narrative to explain it.”

The clothing evidence is so integral to the prosecution’s case against Wright that last Wednesday the DA’s office asked for a continuance so it could test a single strand of hair that was only recently discovered in the sweatshirt. Even if that hair turned out to be Wright’s, the absence of his DNA as a dominant source on the clothes is problematic given the prosecution’s original narrative.

“One would expect to find the suspect’s wearer DNA on contact points tested unless a barrier such as under clothing prevented a transfer of skin cells to the garment,” said Joe Minor, a former forensic supervisor at the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation who now consults on DNA evidence.

The absence of a single mention of Byrd in Wright’s confession suggests either the person who concocted the statement didn’t know the man existed, or Wright purposely left Byrd out when writing the nine-page statement and took the full blame in a murder case where the death penalty was likely.

For his part Wright insists he never knew Byrd and since the time of his trial has steadfastly proclaimed he is innocent. Yet there’s still the perplexing question of why a 20-year-old with presumably nothing to lose would sign what could have amounted to his own death warrant. Wright was facing capital murder charges; a deadlocked jury during the sentencing phase of his trial spared him from that fate.

Talley was murdered in the Tioga-Nicetown neighborhood, where drug gangs competed for influence with cadres of corrupt cops as the city notched more than 500 murders. The precinct’s narcotics unit was overseen by supervisors known on the street as the “Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse.” They were later convicted of shaking down so many drug dealers, planting so much evidence, and cracking so many skulls that hundreds of drug cases would later be reversed.

The attitude of most Philly cops in the 1980s and 1990s was summed up in a statement by Officer Christopher Rudy, who was on duty when he helped a friend violently settle a personal dispute in 1993.

“I’m a cop. Ain’t nothing going to happen.”

Three years before Talley’s murder, Wright broke Officer Bohndan Fylystyn’s nose and jaw with a piece of lumber, also knocking out several teeth.

Despite calls to try Wright as an adult for the assault, Bridge (his public defender) managed to keep his case in juvenile court and secured for his client a sentence that colleagues of Fylystyn no doubt considered too lenient: two years in a wilderness boot-camp program.

It’s unknown if the detectives who questioned Wright in connection with Talley’s murder knew Fylystyn, but breaking a police officer’s face in Philly does not go unnoticed by his brothers.

So it’s almost no wonder that police zeroed in on Wright as a suspect in Talley’s murder before they had even left the crime scene.

Officers testified in 1993 that they received a tip that the man responsible for the murder could be found at a house on the street just behind Talley’s that had recently become a source of drug activity.

Over the next 12 hours homicide detectives would detain and question that home’s owner, Roland Saint James, who admitted to operating a crackhouse on the premises, and his roommate John Richardson. Both men had extensive criminal records, and by their own accounts were heavy crack users. Under questioning each fingered the younger man for Talley’s murder, but their stories varied considerably. For instance, Saint James offered at least three different descriptions of the clothing Wright was wearing the night of the murder.

The two were released within hours of giving their statements and neither was ever charged in connection to the case, despite the fact that Wright’s nine-page confession mentions Saint James and Richardson as accessories to the crime.

Nearly every piece of evidence investigators obtained in building their case against Wright (with the exception of the fraudulent confession) can be traced back to this crackhead duo, who, according to neighbors, expanded their flophouse into a full-fledged drug operation in the months following Talley’s murder. Despite all of that, Judge Byrd ruled that their statements from 1991 can still be used as evidence in Wright’s retrial. (Both men are deceased.)

The prosecution called two other eyewitnesses at Wright’s original trial: Both were teenagers at the time and claimed they saw Wright casing Talley’s house. Both have reportedly recanted their testimony and now say it was coerced. According to reporting on the case last year by Rolling Stone, one of the witnesses said police warned him that he’d never see his mother again if he didn’t testify.

In light of these major evidentiary issues, it’s possible the DA will ultimately drop the case against Wright. A status hearing is scheduled for June, and the trial is slated to resume in August. That gives prosecutors plenty of time to decide that losing graciously is better than doubling down on a potentially grave miscarriage of justice.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0136019-90ebca7caef8e4dea7ff2b6bf119a328.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002534 00000000000 015555  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        



Introducing: Women of Star Wars By The Senate on 2015-08-25 21:00:00 Our newest set in Card Trader celebrates the female side of the saga, with some of the most legendary warriors in the galaxy. These are the Women of Star Wars.



There are four variants of Women of Star Wars available: Green, Pink, White, and Gold. Green and Pink will be available in the Women of Star Wars Pack, while White and Gold will be in the Master Pack.



The Green and White variants are available now, and in two hours the Pink and the Gold variants will be available. If you pull a Green variant before the Pink is released, you’ll get the Pink for free. If you pull a White variant before the Gold is released, you’ll get the Gold for free.



REMINDER:

No matter how many Greens or Whites are pulled, you'll only receive one Pink or Gold. The free Pink or Gold will be handed out right after those parallels are available in packs!



Today’s Woman of Star Wars is none other than Padmé Amidala.



The odds are:

-Green: 3000 printed, 1:30

-Pink: 3000 printed, 1:50

-White: 1000 printed, 1:30

-Gold: 1000 printed, 1:50



There will be 7 cards to chase in Women of Star Wars, collect all 7 of the same Parallel for your Leia Organa Award Card!



Which other women of the Star Wars universe do you want to see in this set? Let us know in the comments! Get to the Cantina!                                                                                                                                                                    0136263-7985fa9110436ef01af2e08228b6ec1b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006563 00000000000 015036  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The pleas of the Vishva Hindu Parishad and its leader Praveen Togadia have been dismissed. The Karnataka High Court on Friday upheld Bengaluru City Police’s order preventing Togadia’s entry into the city between February 5 and 11. The VHP chief was scheduled to attend and address the Virat Hindu Samajotsava in Bengaluru on Sunday.The judge clarified that Togadia had been prevented from entering the city but nothing stopped the samajotsava from taking place or for Togadia to address participants via videoconference.Bengaluru Police Commissioner MN Reddi’s order banning Togadia said that “provocative and inflammatory speeches of Shri Praveen Togadia to which he is habitually inclined would have sufficiently grave consequences” and that “there is every likelihood of disturbance to public tranquility and communal harmony in Bengaluru City” if such a speech is not prevented.The police’s preventive action has been taken also because of the worry that Asaduddin Owaisi, president of All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen party, was scheduled to speak in Bengaluru on the same day. Both the police and Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah have announced that neither Togadia nor Owaisi will be allowed to enter the city.Karnataka BJP leaders staged a walkout in the state Assembly on Wednesday over the ban and called the Congress government anti-Hindu and anti-majority. They might be forgetting the very recent outbreak of violence near Mangaluru soon after Togadia addressed a Virat Hindu Hridaya Sangama meeting there.At least 30 people in two taluks near Mangaluru were reportedly injured on January 17 when Hindus returning from the meeting clashed with Muslims. Three hundred Hindu activists allegedly attacked a mosque and its priest. Police lodged a complaint of rioting and are investigating allegations that inflammatory speeches were made by Togadia and other Hindu leaders at the venue.In late December, the police in West Bengal lodged a First Information Report against Togadia , charging him with delivering a communal speech in Rampurhat village in Birbhum district. The speech was given at a “ghar wapasi” function, where 17 Christian and two Muslim families were reportedly converted to Hinduism.The VHP has slammed the Bengaluru police, saying that the ban against Togadia has been ordered on the basis of old cases in which Togadia has not been found guilty. But as recently as December, the first class court in Kasargod had declared Togadia an absconder in a case registered against him for making a “hate speech” in 2011. In November, the Oomen Chandy government in Kerala had come under severe criticism from the opposition for dropping a case against the VHP president for another hate speech he had made in Kozhikode in 2003.In April 2014, Togadia allegedly exhorted his supporters at a rally in Bhavnagar to evict Muslims living in Hindu-majority areas by hanging “Bajrang Dal” signs outside their houses, giving the residents 48 hours to vacate and storming the premises if they failed to do so. The incident earned Togadia yet another FIR, although he denied the remarks.Togadia has in the past held the record for the maximum number of complaints and criminal cases for making objectionable speeches. Till August 2013, 19 cases had been registered against him, of which 15 had been filed in the three preceding years. By the looks of it, he might continue to hold this record.                                                                                                                                             0136300-42c2c67fbe7380bd89a09871160bc5f1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004203 00000000000 015021  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Sen. Al Franken Alan (Al) Stuart FrankenVirginia can be better than this Harris off to best start among Dems in race, say strategists, donors Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message MORE (D-Minn.) said on Sunday that Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE Jr. and former campaign chairman Paul Manafort should testify under oath.

During an interview on CNN's "State of the Union," Franken was asked whether it was good enough for the two to testify behind closed doors and not under oath.

"No, that's not good enough," Franken said. "It should be under oath."

ADVERTISEMENT

Franken said he would like to ask questions about whether they had any other meetings with the Russians.

The comments come after lawmakers announced last week that Trump Jr. and Manafort reached a deal with the Senate Judiciary Committee to avoid appearing at a public hearing.

Manafort and the president's eldest son are the focus of new attention after reports that they attended a meeting, along with Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner, with a Russian lawyer. An email setting up the meeting promised damaging information on Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE that would be provided by the Russian government.

Sens. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) and Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) said in a joint statement that they would not immediately subpoena Trump Jr. or Manafort to testify at the Wednesday hearing.

"Both Donald Trump Jr. and Paul Manafort, through their attorneys, have agreed to negotiate to provide the committee with documents and be interviewed by committee members and staff prior to a public hearing," the lawmakers said.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0136202-0494cf11da0660c3032e495372cc300c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003522 00000000000 014631  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        159 SHARES Facebook Twitter

Perry Coniglio, 43, of Highland Falls, was arrested during a police raid captured on video for holding an 81-year-old Marine Corps veteran hostage in a motel for at least four years in order to steal his benefits checks.

According to CBS Local Perry Coniglio was arrested July 19 in his room adjoining the victim’s at the U.S. Academy Motel in Highlands, just feet away from a building housing police and ambulance services in the Hudson Valley town. The charges against Coniglio include grand larceny and unlawful imprisonment.

Police say he used brute force and intimidation to get veteran David McClellan to cooperate with him. Investigators say the victim received three checks every month. The amounts weren’t released.

take our poll - story continues below

Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story?

Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? * Yes, they've gotten so much wrong recently that they're bound to be on their best behavior. No, they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Jussie who?

Email *

Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Truth Uncensored updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

The victim has been taken to a hospital for evaluation.

Conligio faces multiple charges, including criminal possession of a weapon, endangering the welfare of an incompetent person, grand larceny, menacing, unlawful imprisonment and unlawful possession of marijuana.

Coniglio is being held in jail Thursday on $15,000 bail. It’s unclear if Coniglio has an attorney.

Photo: Bing                                                                                                                                                                              0136319-e15e42bed5603fa9efa1a53ac7bee4d0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020040 00000000000 015451  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Intel is expected to unveil its 4th generation Core "Haswell" processor family by early-June, along the sidelines of the 2013 Computex event. In addition to being available in 1000-unit tray quantities to OEMs, the desktop variants of these processors will be available in their familiar retail box packages. Multiple sources confirm that pricing of these chips will be largely identical to that of the current Core "Ivy Bridge" series, with succeeding next-generation part for each current generation one. The table below describes their US MSRP (excl. taxes).

60 Comments on Intel Core "Haswell" Desktop Processor Box Pricing Compiled

1 to 25 of 60 Go to Page 123 PreviousNext

#1 The Von Matrices

The i7-4770K is clocked lower and has a higher TDP than the i7-3770K. That's interesting. I hope that means that the IPC improvements are significant. Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 3:03 Reply

#2 Nordic

I kinda wonder how cheap sandy chips will become. I also really have that upgrade itch and I want to pair it with a matx board... patiently waiting for reviews. Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 3:05 Reply

#3 techtard

I think the IPC will be a bit better, but they stuffed a much more powerful iGPU inside. Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 3:11 Reply

#4 LAN_deRf_HA

The Von Matrices said: The i7-4770K is clocked lower and has a higher TDP than the i7-3770K. Did I miss something obvious? Did I miss something obvious? Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 3:25 Reply

#5 The Von Matrices

LAN_deRf_HA said: Did I miss something obvious? Look at the chart - stock clock of i7-4770K is 3.4 GHz; stock clock of i7-3770K is 3.5 GHz. Look at the chart - stock clock of i7-4770K is 3.4 GHz; stock clock of i7-3770K is 3.5 GHz. Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 3:27 Reply

#6 RCoon

Gaming Moderator 4670K is a tempting price if it provides a decent upgrade to the current. Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 3:31 Reply

#7 LAN_deRf_HA

The Von Matrices said: Look at the chart - stock clock of i7-4770K is 3.4 GHz; stock clock of i7-3770K is 3.5 GHz. What chart are you looking at... cause it's not the one I am. What chart are you looking at... cause it's not the one I am. Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 3:33 Reply

#8 lyndonguitar

I play games looks like I'll stick with my i7-2600k, again :D Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 3:34 Reply

#9 RCoon

Gaming Moderator lyndonguitar said: looks like I'll stick with my i7-2600k, again :D If it aint broke, fix it 'til its broke :toast: If it aint broke, fix it 'til its broke :toast: Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 3:42 Reply

#10 robE

The Von Matrices said: Look at the chart - stock clock of i7-4770K is 3.4 GHz; stock clock of i7-3770K is 3.5 GHz. i think you are looking at the i5, not i7 because it`s the same with 3770k



It`s me or the msrp is lower than ivy? i think you are looking at the i5, not i7 because it`s the same with 3770kIt`s me or the msrp is lower than ivy? Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 4:09 Reply

#11 Aquinus

Resident Wat-man The Von Matrices said: Look at the chart - stock clock of i7-4770K is 3.4 GHz; stock clock of i7-3770K is 3.5 GHz. Not sure what graph you're looking at but the one here says 3.5Ghz, 3.9Ghz turbo for the 4770k which is the same as the 3770k. Not sure what graph you're looking at but the one here says 3.5Ghz, 3.9Ghz turbo for the 4770k which is the same as the 3770k. Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 4:14 Reply

#12 Lionheart

These new CPU's do look tempting but my i7 920 & i7 970 are both going strong :toast: Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 5:30 Reply

#13 chief-gunney

james888 said: I kinda wonder how cheap sandy chips will become. I also really have that upgrade itch and I want to pair it with a matx board... patiently waiting for reviews. Sandy chips? Gee wish I could get one of those, 2700k in particular. No supply in AU for 10 months. Sandy chips? Gee wish I could get one of those, 2700k in particular. No supply in AU for 10 months. Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 6:27 Reply

#14 jigar2speed

Lionheart said: These new CPU's do look tempting but my i7 920 & i7 970 are both going strong :toast: Heh, my Q6600 at 3.5 GHZ is still going absolutely awesome. :cool: Heh, my Q6600 at 3.5 GHZ is still going absolutely awesome. :cool: Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 6:34 Reply

#15 NdMk2o1o

james888 said: I kinda wonder how cheap sandy chips will become. I also really have that upgrade itch and I want to pair it with a matx board... patiently waiting for reviews. They have gone up in price since the release of IB strange enough, you can now buy a 3570k for less than a 2500k :rolleyes: They have gone up in price since the release of IB strange enough, you can now buy a 3570k for less than a 2500k :rolleyes: Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 6:43 Reply

#16 Animalpak

Right price for the 4770k. My next buy, hope they are good to overclock even at day 1. Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 7:38 Reply

#17 Mindweaver

Moderato®™ I guess I'll stick with my 970 and 2600k for my main rigs... But if I decide to upgrade or side grade.. I'll change out my 2600k and give it to my daughter which is still running a Q9550.. She won't notice a difference, but I'll see it in crunching. Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 8:09 Reply

#18 xenocide

jigar2speed said: Heh, my Q6600 at 3.5 GHZ is still going absolutely awesome. :cool: I would bet a pound of flesh your Q6600 is bottlenecking that HD7970 noticeably. I would bet a pound of flesh your Q6600 is bottlenecking that HD7970 noticeably. Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 8:15 Reply

#19 Sasqui

RCoon said: 4670K is a tempting price if it provides a decent upgrade to the current. It's the 3770k vs 3570k all over again!



jigar2speed said: Heh, my Q6600 at 3.5 GHZ is still going absolutely awesome. :cool: You don't know what your missing :) It's the 3770k vs 3570k all over again!You don't know what your missing :) Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 9:45 Reply

#20 xorbe

The 4670K looks good to me. Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 10:31 Reply

#21 hckngrtfakt

jigar2speed said: Heh, my Q6600 at 3.5 GHZ is still going absolutely awesome. :cool: You may want to consider upgrading that Q6600 of yours specially with that 7970 card :o



Two systems ago, i had a Q9550@4.3 which was SERIOUSLY bottlenecking a 6970,

i moved to a 2700k, and the difference was day and night :D You may want to consider upgrading that Q6600 of yours specially with that 7970 card :oTwo systems ago, i had a Q9550@4.3 which was SERIOUSLY bottlenecking a 6970,i moved to a 2700k, and the difference was day and night :D Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 10:37 Reply

#22 theoneandonlymrk

The Von Matrices said: The i7-4770K is clocked lower and has a higher TDP than the i7-3770K. That's interesting. I hope that means that the IPC improvements are significant. The gfx upgrade will be quite significant not the Ipc so much, im not impressed with the default clocks at all , seams intel is goading enthusiasts and amd to me. The gfx upgrade will be quite significant not the Ipc so much, im not impressed with the default clocks at all , seams intel is goading enthusiasts and amd to me. Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 10:43 Reply

#23 Krneki

Don't know about the Q6600@3.6, but for my i5 750@4.0 the Nvidia 670@1350 is the bottleneck in 90% of the games. Sure you might get better average FPS with faster CPU, but I'm looking at FPS dropping below 60.



I do want to upgrade (look it's shiny!), but I can't find a logical reason. :(



For gaming, i5 vs i7. Until now almost no game took advantage of the extra L3 or HT, the situation is slowly changing. It would be awesome to see the difference in modern games when both CPU are at the same clock. Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 10:45 Reply

#24 jihadjoe

The Von Matrices said: The i7-4770K is clocked lower and has a higher TDP than the i7-3770K. That's interesting. I hope that means that the IPC improvements are significant. AFAIK TDP is higher because the VRM is integrated onto the die. Total platform power remains the same, if not slightly lower. AFAIK TDP is higher because the VRM is integrated onto the die. Total platform power remains the same, if not slightly lower. Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 12:00 Reply

#25 Shinshin

Guys, don't forget that to upgrade to the new Haswell processors you will need a new motherboard..... :cool: Posted on Apr 23rd 2013, 12:37 Reply                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136314-8dd9b5f63a66f2019aaf8e4c0016101d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012624 00000000000 015100  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Along with playing an essential role in manufacturing industries, Lean Six Sigma promises to enhance your business efficiency multifold. The business improvement modules linked with Lean Six Sigma reduces waste from operations and has a lot to offer in terms of efficiency.

Lean is a systematic approach that first identifies and then eliminates all forms of wastes for achieving efficient production flow by the value stream. Six Sigma is a methodology that is driven by data consisting of different phases. And, Lean Six Sigma refers to team based efforts that continuously strives to promote effective business growth/improvement.

Well, it would be wrong to signify Six Sigma as a quality program because it is actually an overall business strategy that can be applied to all business processes – whether they pertain to manufacturing concerns, retail, banking transactions, anything!

Lean Six Sigma Efficiently Reduces Costs

Are you seeking better ways of reducing costs? Are you tired of implementing short term way-outs that ultimately harms customer satisfaction? Go for efficient implementation of Lean Six Sigma modules – the inherent processes will evaluate your companies’ processes systematically for producing real and sustainable results. Also, the elimination of wastes, and overall improvement of efficiency around all operational areas, can significantly reduce costs with the proper safeguarding of customer satisfaction.

Let’s See How!

Lean Six Sigma’s improvement methodologies are efficient enough in reducing the number of defects.

We all are aware of the fact that defects result in enhancement of costs.

Beyond the factor of defects, companies suffer from losses due to the costs associated with poor quality.

Some experts even believe that the average firm loses around 5% to 30% of gross sales due to the costs linked with poor quality.

Yes, a Fortune 500 firm, in recent times, has calculated the figure at 8.6% of sales and has set an objective to reduce it to 5.4% - all with the help of Lean Six Sigma!

Eliminate these Costs with Six Sigma!

Given under are few costs that are associated with poor quality; they can be eliminated through Lean:

Scrape or salvage

Loss of customer loyalty

Lost sales figures

Higher risk of operation

Increased costs of administration

Returns and allowances

Lower morale of the employees

Warranty restores and replacement

Service calls; and more!

The Evolution of the “Lean” Concept

The evolution of the concept “Lean” started with Henry Ford’s Model “T” assembly line. In this attempt, vehicles were moved to the assembler rather than assemblers moving to the vehicles. This attempt had helped the company attain higher volumes of manufacturing activities that got accomplished by moderately low-skilled workers; thereby heightening its profitability par imagination!

The concept of “lean” was taken to the next level by Toyota during the 1950s and 1960s. In this period, Ford’s mass production assembly line was made to adapt to a leaner process of automobile production. For enabling more customization to the process, small work groups or cells, as well as labor possessing multi-functional skills and components of Just-in-time (JIT) were incorporated by Toyota.

A Case Study!

Since the year 2005, the US Army has utilized the standards of Lean Six Sigma with an aim of reducing costs. At the same time, it strives towards improving the effectiveness of its processes and meeting customer expectations. Here, the proven skills of Lean Six Sigma professionals were used for the logistics involved in moving forces, equipment, and support supplies out of Iraq and into Afghanistan. These professionals were brought in to analyze the objectives and constraints, and accordingly suggest the most prominent processes for ensuring greater efficiency. These experts noticeably enhanced the flow with an aim of eliminating delivery failures, and thus reducing the costs.

The results! As a result of this awesome lookout of the US Army, in the year 2009, a surprising $3.8 billion savings in costs was reported. As per studies, most of the savings were due to the successful implementation of Lean Six Sigma methodologies.

Equation of Lean Six Sigma and Organizational Efficiencies

Literally, the equation signifies that Lean Six Sigma is aimed at improving the efficiency of your organization; this may be acquired by:

Optimizing the efforts of your organization towards delivering satisfactory products or service to all esteemed customers

Letting your organization allocate the resources or revenues generated from your recently enhanced processes for ensuring the growth of your business

In a nutshell, Lean Six Sigma is the improvement process that enables you to generate efficient processes. It is aimed at making your organization capable of delivering more products or services, with more number of satisfied customers than ever before.

Potential Efficiencies of Lean Six Sigma

The aim of “Lean” is to achieve more with less - be it less human efforts, less machines, less time, or less space. The following are the latent benefits of Lean that pave the path for organizational efficiencies:

Decrease in lead time

Enhanced throughput

Lower requirement for inventory or idle stock

Reduction of wastages, thus cost

Improved engagement of employee

Enhanced level of customer satisfaction

Lower cost of implementation

Are you ready to bring in more changes with Lean Six Sigma? Go for it!                                                                                                            0136302-42d629b14a28b8f29590579631483bbb.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011604 00000000000 014615  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Maryland takes one of the more liberal approaches toward medical marijuana access, and that's caught the notice of businesses that flooded regulators with more than 1,000 applications.

ANNAPOLIS, Md. (AP) — Plenty of states have rolled out medical marijuana operations before Maryland, but as the state prepares to announce its top candidates for licenses to grow and process the drug, it’s determined not to repeat the mistakes of others.

Maryland takes one of the more liberal approaches toward medical marijuana access, and that’s caught the notice of businesses that flooded regulators with more than 1,000 applications.

“It’s failed in other states because they’ve been too restrictive about the kinds of diseases and ailments that could be utilized by physicians, and I think in Maryland they’ve taken the opposite approach, which generates the interest because they appreciate that Maryland is forward thinking on this,” said Gerard Evans, a lobbyist for license applicant Holistic Industries.

Medical marijuana will be available for any condition that is severe in which other medical treatments have been ineffective, and if the symptoms “reasonably can be expected to be relieved” by marijuana. Patients with a chronic or debilitating medical condition that causes severe appetite loss, severe or chronic pain, severe nausea, seizures or severe muscle spasms also can have access, as well as people with glaucoma or post-traumatic stress disorder.

Even further, Maryland will allow not only physicians but nurse practitioners, dentists, podiatrists and nurse midwives to certify patients as eligible to receive marijuana.

“It’s not only the broad spectrum of conditions and ailments that they’ve put out there, but also the broad spectrum of health care practitioners that can recommend it,” said Angeline Nanni, CEO of CannaMED Pharmaceuticals, which has applied for a grower’s license in Hebron on Maryland’s Eastern Shore where the company already has invested about $1 million in a facility to grow and research marijuana.

Regulators have adopted best-industry practices for marijuana concentrates and cannabis-infused products. They also have implemented strict regulations regarding bona fide physician-patient relationships.

People authorized to recommend marijuana use will be able to do so for patients in other states who come to Maryland.

Twenty-five states and the District of Columbia have legalized a comprehensive medical marijuana program, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. In Maryland, regulators are scheduled to announce on Monday which companies have received preliminary approval for licenses to grow or process marijuana.

The industry has struggled in some states. For example, Minnesota’s two licensed medical marijuana manufacturers each posted millions of dollars in losses in their first year of operations, according to financial documents obtained by The Associated Press. Minnesota’s program is only open to patients with 10 severe conditions.

Maryland approved its first medical marijuana law in 2013. The effort stalled, however, because it required academic medical centers to run the programs, and none stepped forward.

The law was changed in 2014 to allow doctors certified by the Maryland Medical Cannabis Commission to recommend marijuana for patients with debilitating, chronic and severe illnesses.

Medical cannabis is not expected to be available from Maryland dispensaries until sometime next year. The commission is expected to grant 94 dispensary licenses from 811 applicants later this year.

Troy Dayton of the San Francisco-based Arcview Group said interest in Maryland also is driven by the potential for full legalization later. Four states — Alaska, Colorado, Oregon and Washington, as well as the District of Columbia — allow marijuana possession in small amounts by adults over 21 for any reason. Medical and recreational marijuana sales in Colorado reached nearly $1 billion last year.

“Part of the reason I think why a lot of people want to get these licenses now is that they imagine that adult-use legalization will come sometime, and they will already have a brand and a market and customers and really have an advantage if the market shifts in Maryland,” Dayton said.

For now, though, officials say the focus is on helping sick people, including children who meet their physician’s criteria for treatment.

Harry “Buddy” Robshaw, the vice chairman of the commission, spent more than 40 years as a policeman, 15 of them as a narcotics investigator who used to put people in jail for using drugs.

“I have come to believe very strongly, though, that medical marijuana is going to be a savior for a lot of people in the state of Maryland, particularly kids,” Robshaw said at a recent meeting this month.

Copyright © 2019 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.                                                                                                                            0136271-cb5ba5252a5e150a42640e4847483fe8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014744 00000000000 014753  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Could German subs soon be the pride of Australia's Navy?

Germany’s bid for Australia’s SEA 1000 Future Submarine project could reasonably be described as coming from a safe pair of hands.

Since 1960, ThyssenKrupp Marine Systems (TKMS) through its Howaldwerke-Deutsche Werft (HDW) subsidiary has delivered 161 diesel-electric submarines to 20 navies. Of this total, 123 have been built for international customers —including six NATO navies—51 of them in South Korea, Turkey, Greece and Brazil.

All have been built to fixed price contracts, a model which clearly works otherwise, as noted by TKMS Board member Torsten Konker “we’d be broke.”

Notwithstanding the company’s experience, TKMS has yet to construct a submarine in the 4,000 tons range that’s generally regarded as the size needed to meet Australia’s requirements.

That isn’t seen as a problem by TKMS, whose designs have steadily grown in size and capability to meet customers’ specifications.

Such an evolutionary approach, based on the consistent use of the same design philosophy, is apparent in the Type 216 reference design on which the company’s SEA 1000 proposal is based.

Predicated on a 4,345 tons (submerged displacement) platform but designed to be scaled up or down, the Type 216 is 89 meters long with a hull diameter of 8.1 meters, two pressure-tight compartments, and a two-deck layout.

At the heart of the boat is a propulsion system that employs a methanol reformer air independent propulsion (AIP) system to achieve a submerged range without snorkeling of 2,600 nautical miles (4,815 km) at four knots, assisted by lithium ion batteries as a supplementary energy source.

Snorkeling under diesel electric power at 10 knots adds a further 10,400 nautical miles (19,260 km), during which the indiscretion rate—the percentage of time during which the snorkel is raised—is less than 20%.

Overall endurance is about 80 days during which, according to unofficial but informed sources, a submerged AIP period could, if required, exceed more than 20 days. By contrast, Collins boats have no AIP and their endurance without snorkeling is understood to be about three days.

While a 33-strong crew would be sufficient to man and operate the Type 216, 60 bunks will be provided to meet Navy’s requirements that presumably include accommodation for embarked special forces; a gym area can be included for crew wellbeing.

The Type 216 design provides space for up to 18 heavyweight torpedoes or a mix of weapons that could include missiles and mines, fired through six bow tubes.

The design also provides an option for an innovative vertical multi-purpose lock just aft of the sail for cruise missiles, unmanned systems or divers, together with pressure-tight containers inside the aft and forward casing for torpedo countermeasures systems and garaging of unmanned aerial vehicles.

An intercept detection, ranging sonar and a new conformal array sonar in the bow are included in the sensor suite, as are an expanded flank array incorporating passive ranging, an aft sonar array, a towed array and underwater cameras.

The 2,200 tons Dolphin II class now in service with Israel—and reputedly nuclear-armed—is the largest submarine yet produced by TKMS. Two variants known as the Type 218SG are reliably reported to have been ordered by Singapore with delivery expected in 2020.

Scaling up a pressure hull is assessed as low risk, entailing as it does the same hull material, the same calculation systematics and engineering tools, the same stealth calculations and design, the same underlying layout parameters, and the same degree of quality assurance and documentation.

The design risk is therefore in the reliability and integration of systems and subsystems, of which TKMS says more than 80% are already at sea in the company’s Type 214.

Obviously these don’t include the AN/BYG-1(V) combat management system and the Mk48 Mod 7 CBASS heavyweight torpedo that equips the Collins-class and are mandated for its successor. Nor are they likely to include several RAN-specified underwater and surface sensors.

Yet capabilities even within a given class can vary widely depending on the requirements, skills and presumably the pockets of the operators, and TKMS says that the integration of diverse systems and the handling of sensitive information is a well-established part of its normal business.

Close engagement with the Israeli Navy on a variety of systems had seen the Dolphin II—arguably the company’s most capable type to date—“emerge as a unique submarine that precisely meets their needs.”

A $20 billion offer by the parent company to deliver 12 Type 216-based submarines built in Germany, Australia or a mix of both, had been based on RAN’s anticipated top-level requirements, Dr. John White, chairman of the Melbourne-based subsidiary TKMS Australia (TKMSA), clarified to the Senate Economics References Committee in July.

Although the actual requirements had since been made available, the comparative evaluation process (CEP) involving all three SEA 1000 contenders wouldn’t be long enough to produce a revised figure.

Both Defense Minister Kevin Andrews and Navy chief Tim Barrett have visited the sprawling TKMS shipyard in Kiel, where Andrews saw nine submarines either under construction, refit or repair.

A subsequent paper was prepared at Andrews’ request predicting the additional facilities and expertise required at ASC should the Type 216 be constructed there under TKMS management. This paper was also copied to and discussed with Finance Minister Mathias Cormann.

Dr. White, head of the successful 1990s ANZAC frigate program, told the Senate committee that as with all complex infrastructure projects, including SEA 1000, when done properly the most efficient, lowest cost option was to engineer and plan from the very beginning for building all boats in Australia.

TKMS would also provide options for building all or some boats in Germany as requested in the CEP. If selected, the company would follow the ANZAC model and utilize multiple sites to make best use of the skilled labor located around Australia.

Perhaps surprisingly, Dr. White disclosed that TKMS would find it difficult to achieve a continuous build from eight submarines—the number on which current speculation is centered—even if planned refits and potential upgrades were included in the time frame.

Since time is money, it wouldn’t be prudent to achieve a continuous build process simply by extending the build schedule.

This piece first appeared in ASPI’s The Strategist here.                            0136343-0195c42bf19327f9e4a3ce5da68c8179.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002752 00000000000 015052  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        This feisty side dish is quick to throw together, will make your kitchen smell amazing, and is guaranteed to be devoured. Quickly. There is just something irresistibly addicting about popping these piquant garlicky beans in your mouth – just beware, they might not make it to the table! And forget about having leftovers…serves 3-4.

Ingredients:

4 (or more) cups of green beans, washed and trimmed

1 Tbsp coconut oil

4-5 garlic cloves

1 tsp toasted sesame oil

1 tsp soy sauce

1/2 tsp dried red chile flakes (or more, depending on your spice threshold!)

Into a work or large frying pan, throw the blob of coconut oil and fire up the heat to high. Put in your green beans, toss lightly to coat in the oil, and let the sizzling begin! Put on the cover so the beans start to cook through.

Meanwhile, mince your garlic cloves. Once the beans have been cooking for a minute and start turning a gorgeous bright green, add in your minced garlic, sesame oil, chile flakes, and soy sauce, and turn down the heat just a bit to medium-high. Mix to coat evenly with the seasonings, and put the cover back on for about three minutes, stirring periodically. Your mouth will start to water from the heavenly aroma…

Give it a good final mix, take off the cover back off for a final minute to finish them off on high heat (you want the ends to be turning brown and the garlic to be nice and toasty but not burnt). Serve hot. Good luck fighting the urge to eat them before they make it to the table…

Advertisements                      0136311-cf11814b3e8be4d041bbe2549401e93a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007657 00000000000 015102  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The chief executive of Nokia says that business analysis back in 2010 pointed to the scenario that has played out in the Android business - and he's pleased with his choice

A perennial question that revolves around Nokia is: why didn't it choose to go with Android to replace Symbian when it decided to kill that as its smartphone operating system in late 2010?

It's known that Nokia did discuss the idea with Google - but didn't follow through. That led to the tweet from Google's Vic Gundotra just ahead of the announcement of the Windows Phone tieup in February 2011 that "two turkeys do not make an eagle".

vicgundotra (@vicgundotra) #feb11 "Two turkeys do not make an Eagle".

(That slightly sour jibe led to Gundotra's boss telling him to stop tweeting.)

But what, precisely, was wrong with Android in 2010? Elop expanded on this at a round table with journalists including the Guardian and other European papers. The question: did he ever regret not choosing Android as the platform for Nokia's post-Symbian smartphones?

"I'm very happy with the decision we made," he said. "What we were worried about a couple of years ago was the very high risk that one hardware manufacturer could come to dominate Android. We had a suspicion of who it might be, because of the resources available, the vertical integration, and we were respectful of the fact that we were quite late in making that decision. Many others were in that space already.

"Now fast forward to today and examine the Android ecosystem, and there's a lot of good devices from many different companies, but one company has essentially now become the dominant player."

This, he continues, becomes important in negotiations with carriers - who are the gatekeepers to getting a phone in front of so many people, especially in the US.

"Strategically that's important for us [to be offering an alternative OS] because having a conversation with [chief executive] Ralph de la Vega at AT&T, the first step in the conversation is the recognition that we're not Apple, we're not Samsung/Android - used to be Android/Samsung, it's actually about Samsung now - we're a third alternative.

"And as an operator he wants to negotiate with different people and keep pressure on everybody and have the best range of options, he wants that third alternative. So strategically we have an opening with AT&T and every other operator in the world - because we've taken that path as the third ecosystem.

"Now, it's hard - it's very difficult because we are starting as a challenger, we're having to build that credibility; but with partners like AT&T we're gaining that traction . But it was the right decision. You look at a number of other Android providers right now and they're in a tough spot."

Whether Windows Phone has definitely staked its claim as the third ecosystem ahead of BlackBerry should become clear on Thursday, when Nokia will announce its second-quarter results. That will bring figures for handset shipments. In its latest quarter to the end of May BlackBerry shipped 6.8m handsets; if Nokia can beat that (and the forecasts from analysts are that it has: they're putting the figure at between 7m and 8m handsets) it will begin to have credibility as the third ecosystem. Certainly there will be more Windows Phone 8 handsets out there than BB10 handsets; however there could be some way to go to beat the 75m BlackBerry subscribers worldwide, as Windows Phone has only shipped about 30m handsets in total.

But for those who were wondering why Nokia didn't go with Android, Elop's reasoning is pretty clear: he and his team reckoned that Samsung would be well-placed (because of its manufacturing capability and history in the mobile space) to dominate, which would leave no room for anyone else.

They've certainly been proved right - HTC's figures show continuing falls in revenue despite the critical plaudits for the HTC One. It's impossible to know, of course, whether it was the right decision - but at least we know why it was made.                                                                                 0136315-4f31b4ca22d63cf75d9d140c4f74827f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003225 00000000000 015112  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A top NBC spokesman said Thursday that it was "beneath my dignity" to respond to President Trump's attacks on Mika Brzezinski, the co-host of MSNBC's "Morning Joe."

Trump attacked Brzezinski as "low I.Q. Crazy Mika" in a series of morning tweets, claiming that he had seen Brzezinski "bleeding badly from a face-lift."

"Never imagined a day when I would think to myself, 'it is beneath my dignity to respond to the President of the United States,'" Mark Kornblau, NBCUniversal News Group's senior vice president of communications, tweeted in response.

Never imagined a day when I would think to myself, "it is beneath my dignity to respond to the President of the United States." — Mark Kornblau (@MarkKornblau) June 29, 2017

@POTUS tweets this morning are not just beneath the dignity of the office, they are beneath the dignity of The Office. pic.twitter.com/QQFOU355lp — Mark Kornblau (@MarkKornblau) June 29, 2017

His comments came after Trump bashed Brzezinski in tweets about her New Year's Eve visit to Trumps Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida.

"I heard poorly rated Morning Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came ..." Trump tweeted before adding, "to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!"

Trump’s latest tweets followed a slew of attacks on various media outlets this week.

MSNBC expressed disappointment in a statement following the tweets.

"It's a sad day for America when the president spends his time bullying, lying and spewing petty personal attacks instead of doing his job," the statement said.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0136331-005b7c3b1b82b36842c45166fa8de2cf.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000022432 00000000000 015076  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        DALLAS—When the children were released from the privately run immigration detention facility in Karnes City, Texas, they were immediately taken to the emergency room with pneumonia.

Over the past few months, several children who fled from violence in South and Central America with their mothers have been hospitalized after leaving the facility run by GEO Group, a private prison company that saw its stocks jump following Election Day. The children’s health problems were the result of poor medical care inside what is essentially a prison for mothers and their children, according to Amy Fischer of the Refugee and Immigrant Center for Education and Legal Services.

A GEO Group spokesperson denied the claim, saying all children are given chest X-rays upon admission to the facility. The spokesman also said that not everyone is given X-rays when leaving Karnes City unless “they seem to be ailing.”

With Donald Trump now president-elect, the Karnes City facility and a dozen more like it across the country are preparing to fill even more beds with immigrants and refugees. GEO Group and another private prison company, Corrections Corporation of America, are also preparing for more large, lucrative contracts with the federal government to run the detention centers.

Both companies saw their stock prices soar following Trump’s historic and shocking win.

“If we see how the stocks skyrocketed, I think they see this as a huge opportunity for profit,” Fischer said of the two companies.

Of the 1,000 largest companies in the country, Forbes reported the day after Trump’s victory, “the biggest winner of the election was Corrections Corporation of America.”

CCA’s stock shot up 49 percent that day thanks to Trump’s promise to enact mass deportations as president. GEO’s stock rose 21 percent the same day.

But it isn’t just the two companies who have an interest in detaining more immigrants. A report released Thursday shows that some of the country’s largest banks profit off fees and interest payments from the two companies—both of which rely on such debt financing for their daily operations.

The report (PDF), compiled by In the Public Interest, which describes itself as a “comprehensive research and policy center,” shows the two companies have nearly $2 billion in debt each from lenders including JP Morgan Chase, Wells Fargo, and Bank of America. Without them, GEO Group and CCA would have difficulty operating, according to the report.

In the Public Interest calls for the banks to immediately halt debt financing to GEO Group and CCA. If the banks did so, the “companies will be forced to find other sources of funds, which would significantly reduce their operations and growth.”

Some of those operations include significant donations to Republican lawmakers in Congress, many of whom have harsh stances on crime and immigration, according to Fischer.

“You can trace their campaign contributions to some of the most aggressive anti-immigrant politicians both at the state and federal level,” Fischer said.

Those contributions are in addition to the millions both companies spent on lobbying politicians between 2004 and 2014, according to a 2015 report from the liberal Center for American Progress. For its part, CCA says it makes a point not to lobby for specific criminal justice laws.

“It is CoreCivic [CCA]’s longstanding policy not to draft, lobby for, promote or in any way take a position on proposals, policies or legislation that determine the basis or duration of an individual’s incarceration or detention,” spokesman Jonathan Burns told International Business Times this week.

On top of helping to fund its daily operations, large loans from banks have helped GEO Group and CCA to purchase smaller corrections companies, the report notes, allowing them to become the two largest private prison companies in the country.

Under Trump, they may have the opportunity to grow even larger. In June the president-elect told MSNBC’s Chris Matthews that privatization of prisons “seems to work a lot better.” The comment came two months before the Department of Justice, citing security problems and poor conditions at private prisons nationwide, said it would phase out the use of private companies to run federal penal institutions.

Whether Trump still believes private prisons are superior to those run by the government is unknown, but GEO Group and CCA have the president-elect’s comments on immigration to lift their spirits—and, possibly, their bottom line.

In a 60 Minutes interview on Sunday, Trump pledged to deport between 2 and 3 million immigrants, making it a priority to remove those with criminal records. Whether there even are that many who fall into that category is a matter of debate, to put it charitably. If there are that many criminal illegal aliens, Trump would have to make good on his campaign promise of creating a “deportation force” to remove them—a promise House Speaker Paul Ryan assured the American public last week was only lip service.

Illegal immigrants with criminal records are an easy target for deportation, but the immigration plan on Trump’s website makes no distinction for men, women, and children fleeing violent countries like El Salvador, where some 4,000 people had been murdered by October, according to The Washington Post.

“Anyone who crosses the border illegally will be detained until they are removed out of our country,” Trump’s official immigration policy statement reads. Whether Trump intends to kick out the tens of thousands of refugees fleeing South and Central American violence remains to be seen, but what is clear is that GEO Group and CCA see Trump’s win as a boon for business.

“As you know, the need for new infrastructure has been frequently discussed during this election season,” CCA CEO Damion Hininger said in a November call with investors just before the election. “And (CCA) is positioned to assist government organizations in making investments to modernize their mission-critical criminal justice infrastructure, while allowing them to maintain their borrowing capacity to address other capital needs.”

In layman’s terms, “we’re about to get paid.”

The call came after U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement renewed a contract with CCA in October to operate the South Texas Family Residential Center in Dilley, Texas, a $1 billion dollar deal that runs through 2020.

Prior to the contract renewal, the company’s future was grim—stock prices dove following the August Justice Department decree that called for the end of private companies running federal prisons. Partly in response, CCA changed its name to CoreCivic and, in the November call with investors, Hininger said the rebranding was part of an effort to change the company into a “diversified government solutions provider.”

The name change had nothing to do with problems at CCA-run facilities, like the deadly 2015 gang fight at an Oklahoma prison that left four men dead, Hininger said.

“Despite poorly sourced claims from industry critics and activists to the contrary, our continued focus on operational excellence, flexibility, and our compelling value proposition have continued to create opportunities for the company to grow where our partners need and want solutions that we can deliver,” Hininger said during the call.

Except Trump’s pledge may be difficult to meet, a brief look at federal data shows.

It has taken President Obama six years to deport 2.5 million people, according to a 2015 Department of Homeland Security report. Last year, DHS, ICE, and Customs and Border Patrol deported less than 1 million people combined.

More than 30,000 of those men, women, and children were from South and Central America, according to the report, and at least 40,000 more such refugees are currently being held in private detention centers like the ones in Karnes City and Dilley, Fischer said. That number is expected to increase, as the renewed contract for the Dilley facility indicates.

Along with an expected increase in detentions will come a greater burden on an already overworked system in which “credible fear” interviews are held. There, DHS hears arguments from refugees who say a return to their home country would put them at risk of injury or death.

“Unfortunately, there’s no right to counsel in these proceedings, so what we do is prep the mothers as much as we can ahead of these interviews,” Fischer said.

In Karnes City, a family facility that holds mostly mothers and their children, Fischer and other advocates have a high success rate—roughly 90 percent of refugees there are granted the right to stay in the United States and eventually seek citizenship.

In official terms, their fear is credible. Now, they have a new fear: President Trump.

“I think the immigrant community is right to be very scared,” Fischer said. “At the same time, it’s an expansive system and I don’t think Trump has really thought through the intricacies of what it would take to deport the amount of people he has mentioned.”

If Trump’s words are to be trusted, no one currently in a detention facility or caught crossing the border illegally after Jan. 20 will have the opportunity to prove they have a credible fear of returning to their home country.

“As we look forward to a Trump presidency we expect this to only be more aggressive,” Fischer said.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136258-4cd060dc88227da33437131e8430a094.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003340 00000000000 014576  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        I will be 47 years old Superbowl Sunday, but parts of me will only be 3 or 5 years old, depending on which of my surgeons you confer with. Blade Runner and The Terminator are less science fiction movies that documentaries to me these days, and it is fair to say having alien technology inside your body does change not only your physiognomy but your psychology and mentality in certain ways, sometimes ways one isn't even aware of for many years. It also effects those close to you. For instance, my heart clicks. Like a clock. You might wonder how long it takes to tune that phenomenon out of your daily existence, or if it just wears on one in eventually maddening ways like Chinese water torture or Poe's "The Tell-Tale Heart." The answer is both. For the first several weeks, even months after artificial valve surgery, your heart feels like it is going to pound out of your chest. Most of this is probably attributable to the sound. Typically one probably wouldn't be aware of the beating of one's heart, but being able to hear each beat makes it unignorable.





Heart poem by Thomas L. Vaultonburg , illustrated by Jenny Mathews of Rockford Illustrating



I am torn between writing more about what it's like to go through open-heart surgery and have artificial parts surgically implanted inside one's body, and the lasting changes that makes in one's life, or just writing about what it's like to collaborate with an artist like Jenny Mathews. Mostly I'm just happy to wake up day after day and see she has drawn something new. In this case I am also happy to be able to collaborate in the process. Eventually I may write more about the ongoing process of becoming a cyborg, but for the most part I just find myself grateful and happy to be alive.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136220-eca502286364ee147f17381895a66831.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002477 00000000000 014546  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Yet another member of the GOP has publicly called for the brutal execution of Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton. Oklahoma Republican representative, John Bennett of Sallisaw, Oklahoma just took to his Facebook page to demand that Clinton be taken out via firing squad.

What has she done this time, you ask? What new dirt has been dug up? Nothing. Bennett is talking about Benghazi. He wrote “Two words…Firing squad,” in a Facebook post made Tuesday night and uncovered by Tulsa World News.

The representative later texted The Oklahoman and said that his words were meant to be sarcastic, but he is either extremely dimwitted, or completely full of it. In case it’s stupidity, Mr. Bennett, the definition of sarcasm is: “the use of irony to mock or convey contempt.”

Regardless of stupidity, or an utter lack of integrity, this is seemingly a common occurrence with Republicans in 2016. It’s as if we’ve stepped into a twilight zone where we’ve gone back in time to relive the past injustices of less evolved eras.

Who are these people and why are we allowing them to ruin our country? They’ve turned us into a punchline worldwide. We are now just one giant reality television show, entertaining the rest of the world with our unbelievable antics.

What has happened to us?

Video courtesy of Tulsa World:                                                                                                                                                                                                 0136030-8e8c38ce88fc69cdf7876b939afad952.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004504 00000000000 015321  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Colorado head coach Mike MacIntyre said is team is focused on Arizona not the College Football Playoff rankings. ( Cliff Grassmick / Staff Photographer )

While the Colorado football team continues to focus on its goal of winning the Pac-12 championship, its chances of getting a shot at the national title keep getting a little better.

On Tuesday night, the Buffaloes moved up to No. 12 in the College Football Playoff rankings. They were No. 15 in the CFP's initial rankings last week.

The top four teams in the CFP rankings released on Dec. 4 will play for the championship. With two losses already, CU (7-2, 5-1 Pac-12) may have a tough time getting into position for the title, but sitting at No. 12 with four weeks to go gives the Buffs a shot.

Publicly, the Buffs, ranked No. 16 in the Associated Press poll and No. 15 in the USA Today Coaches poll, say they aren't concerned with the rankings at this point.

"The rankings come with the wins and it's a nice honor or blessing," quarterback Sefo Liufau said. "We just want to focus on this week (at Arizona)."

Earlier on Tuesday, head coach Mike MacIntyre said he wasn't planning to watch the show to reveal the latest Top 25.

"(Associate athletic director/sports information director) Dave Plati will call me tonight and tell me what we're ranked," MacIntyre said. "I won't watch it. I'll be here watching Arizona and watching our practice film and talking to some of our kids and coaches and recruiting and everything we do.

"I won't worry about all of that until the end (of the season). I will say, though, the more we're on television, the more we're ranked, I do notice it helps recruiting.

Advertisement

CU is one of five Pac-12 teams in the CFP Top 25, joining Washington (9-0) at No. 4, Utah (7-2) at No. 15, Southern California (6-3) at No. 20 and Washington State (7-2) at No. 23.

On Tuesday, the top three remained unchanged from last week, as Alabama (9-0) sits at No. 1, Clemson (9-0) at No. 2 and Michigan (9-0) at No. 3.

The undefeated Huskies moved up from No. 5 after last week's No. 4, Texas A&M, lost to Mississippi State.

In the previous two seasons of the CFP, the highest end-of-season ranking for a two-loss team came last year, when Stanford was ranked No. 6 with an 11-2 record.

Contact staff writer Brian Howell at howellb@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/BrianHowell33.







                                                                                                                                                                                            0136325-7da49d0fc9d84fa4377ee53765c2f7fc.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011672 00000000000 015307  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Sen. Ted Cruz washed his hands of blame in the bulging controversy surrounding a pornographic video on his Twitter account.

The former presidential hopeful said a staffer, not himself, “liked” the video.

The conservative Texas Republican blamed “someone” with access to his Twitter account for clicking the little heart-shaped icon below a risqué two-minute clip from @SexuallPosts on the social media site.

“There are a number of people on the team that have access to the account and it appears that someone inadvertently hit the like button,” Cruz said.

Ted Cruz talks about watching porn with Sandra Day O’Connor

The video — featuring two women and a man — appeared on Cruz’s list of likes late Monday and was deleted by 2 a.m. Tuesday.

A naughty video appeared on a list of Sen. Ted Cruz's liked tweets. Image by: MIKE SEGAR/REUTERS

Word of the post’s appearance led to widespread mockery of a man who once helped write a legal brief defending a Texas law banning sex toys.

“Everyone on Twitter after 1 a.m. on a Monday knows exactly how this whole thing works,” Kevin Shark tweeted. “You’re foolin’ nobody.”

“To be fair, literally every photo of Ted Cruz looks like he just got caught masturbating,” wrote Mike Drucker.

The history of Ted Cruz making his family uncomfortable

Cruz, a failed presidential candidate who derided “New York values” during a debate last year, attempted to slap his own sense of humor on the situation as well.

The porno appeared on Ted Cruz's page early Tuesday. Image by: Twitter

“This is not how I envisioned waking up this morning,” the 46-year-old father of two said. “Although I will say that if I had known that this would trend so quickly, perhaps we should have posted something like this back during the Indiana primary.”

Cruz critic Craig Mazin, a screenwriter and director who bunked with the lawmaker during the pair’s college days at Princeton, said the X-rated activity wouldn’t be a first for the pious pol.

“Sadly, the fact that Ted Cruz (pleasures himself) to mediocre porn spam is the most human thing we can say about him. This is actually his high point,” Mazin tweeted.

Ted Cruz's college roommate dishes the dirt on Texas Senator

“Now imagine Ted Cruz is doing this four feet below you in the bottom bunk bed. Yes, my misery very much appreciates your company,” he wrote.

Cruz, who last year voted in favor of an amendment to the GOP platform describing pornography as a “public health crisis,” has long branded himself as a family values-first public servant.

As state solicitor general in 2007, Cruz attempted to bar Texans from buying sex toys by penning a 76-page argument that was struck down.

Cruz’s team argued that while the law banned the sale of sexual aids, “there is no substantive-due-process right to stimulate one’s genitals for non-medical purposes unrelated to procreation or outside of an interpersonal relationship.”

As a fledgling law clerk, Cruz said he once searched for hardcore pornography using the term “cantaloupe” alongside retired Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O’Connor — for work.

RELATED GALLERY

America better get their homework done Ted Cruz just might be everyone's favorite nanny! ▲ The resemblance is uncanny! Ted Cruz IS a blobfish. ▲ Ted Cruz can only hope to be a fraction as cool as Grandpa Munster once he has grandkids! ▲ A Ted Cruz lookalike was mocked across the Internet when the unfortunate woman appeared on the Maury Povich show trying to determine her daughter's real father. For the record: Ted Cruz is NOT the father. ▲ Jerri Blank was a user, boozer and a loserâ can't really say the same about Ted Cruz. Well, except the loser/losing part. ▲ Poor Kevin can't catch a break, even after all of these years since 'The Office' wrapped. Actor Brian Baumgartner (r) has recently been compared to GOP candidate Ted Cruz. ▲ We bet that Ted Cruz wishes Grayson Allen was a RED Devil instead of blue. ▲ "So I guess my doppelgänger is @tedcruz? Guess I better cancel the @Stryper tour so I can focus on my campaign ;-)" Stryper member Michael Sweet tweeted. ▲ Continue to Full Gallery

The evangelical Christian divulged his bizarre work duties alongside his wife, Heidi Cruz, and their two daughters during a CNN town hall in April 2016.

The Supreme Court at the time was considering a case challenging a law that regulated online porn.

Last year, Cruz’s campaign pulled a Sen. Marco Rubio attack ad that aired after learning the actress they hired for the commercial was softcore porn veteran Amy Lindsay.

The post that was liked by Cruz’s account late Monday was originally shared by the Twitter handle @SexuallPosts.

“A friend texted me. It’s really pretty comical,” the owner of the account, who only gave his name as Kyle, told the Washington Post.

The account tried to make the best of all the attention on Tuesday.

“Follow for the Same Porn @TedCruz Watches,” a new banner on the page reads.                                                                      0136354-3ccbe6430918ea11eb48c8f84cd2c602.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004414 00000000000 015166  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Recipe by Daniel Myers

Ingredients

1 cup cooked chicken

1 Tbsp. butter or lard

2 cups chicken broth

1/2 cup ground almonds

1 tsp. cinnamon

1/4 tsp. ginger

1/8 tsp. cloves

1/8 tsp. grains of paradise

1/4 tsp. salt



Method

Cut chicken into small pieces and sautee in butter until it starts to brown. Add remaining ingredients, bring to a boil, and simmer until thick. Serve hot.

Source [Le Ménagier de Paris, J. Pichon (ed.)]: BROUET DE CANELLE. Despeciez vostre poulaille ou autre char, puis la cuisiez en eaue et mettez du vin avec, et friolez: puis prenez des amandes crues et séchées à toute l'escorce et sans peler, et canelle grant foison, et si broyez très bien, et deffaites de vostre boullon ou de boullon de beuf, et faites boulir avec vostre grain: puis broyez gingembre, giroffle et graine, etc., et soit liant et for.

Source [Le Ménagier de Paris, J. Hinson (trans.)]: Cinnamon Soup. Cut up your poultry or other meat, then cook in water and add wine, and fry: then take raw almonds with the skin on unpeeled, and a great quantity of cinnamon, and grind up well, and mix with your stock or with beef stock, and put to boil with your meat: then grind ginger, clove and grain, etc., and let it be thick and yellow-brown.

Source [Le Viandier de Taillevent, Pichon & Vicaire (eds.)]: BROUET DE CANELLE. Cuissiez vostre poulaille en vin ou en eaue, ou tel grain comme vous vouldrez; et le despeciez par quartiers, et friolez, puis prenez amendes toutes seiches, et cuisez sans peler, et de canelle grant foison, et brayez, et coullez, et le deffaictes de vostre boullon de beuf, et faictez bien boullir avecques vostre grain, et du verjus, et prenez girofle et graine de paradiz, braiez, et mettez emsemble; et soit lyant et fort.

Source [Le Viandier de Taillevent, J. Prescott (trans.)]: Cassia soup. Cook your chicken (or whatever meat you wish) in wine or water, quarter it, and brown it [in lard]. Take completely dry almonds cooked without peeling, plus plenty of cassia; crush, sieve, and steep in beef broth. Boil well with your meat and some verjuice. Take cloves and grains_of_paradise, crush, and add. It should be thick and strong.

Published: May 18, 2007

Home : Recipes : Menus : Search : Books : FAQ : Contact

Terms of Use & Privacy Policy

© Copyright 2018 Daniel Myers                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0136321-d35bb2ba228ca153efca4c2b64915d93.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002651 00000000000 015227  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Dr. Chiari thought the shells on the saddlebacks, with their edges and corners, had evolved to make it easier for these tortoises to get back up, and set out to test her hypothesis in a study that was published Thursday in Scientific Reports. She was wrong, but her research offered additional insights into the anatomies of these endangered creatures and how they may have evolved to get back on their feet.

To test her idea, Dr. Chiari and her team first made digital 3D models of both types of shells using 89 tortoises, some in the wild and some at the California Academy of Sciences.

The researchers also determined centers of mass for the two different types of tortoises by placing them on an unstable platform and photographing them. The scientists were then able to calculate which shell would require a tortoise to expend more energy when rolling off its back.

The results suggested that a tortoise with a saddleback shell would have to work harder to get back on its feet. In general, the study found, the rounder the shell, the easier it is for the animal to right itself — seemingly an advantage for the domed tortoise.

But there is another significant anatomical difference between the saddleback and domed tortoises: the larger size of the saddleback’s neck opening. This allows the saddleback to extend its longer neck farther, which biologists long assumed was a trait that helped the tortoise reach food in a drier climate.                                                                                       0136041-59bd28bcb792d5017cc1ab02660d7f42.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002763 00000000000 015100  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Jess and Nick on "New Girl" will get some romantic help from Prince.

The 55-year-old music icon is set to appear on the Fox comedy during the show's Super Bowl episode "Party Time," which will air on Feb. 2.

"Jess (Zooey Deschanel) is ready to paint the town purple when a chance encounter finds her and best friend Cece (Hannah Simone) invited to a once-in-a-lifetime mansion party thrown by music legend Prince, guest-starring as himself," a description of the episode from Fox reads. "Not wanting to miss out on the fun, Nick (Jake Johnson), Schmidt (Max Greenfield), Winston (Lamorne Morris) and Coach (guest star Damon Wayans, Jr.) are determined to crash the festivities, building toward an unforgettable ending. The episode also will feature special guest cameo appearances. "

Brett Baer, an executive producer on "New Girl," revealed to E! News that it was Prince who contacted the show about making a guest appearance.

"He contacted us last season because he's a huge fan," Baer told the news outlet. "He knows everything about the show. He contacted Zooey and Hannah directly and asked to do the show. We couldn't work it out last year. But when the Super Bowl thing was floated, it was perfect timing."

"He said, 'I want to be involved in the show in a real way and I want to help Nick and Jess with their relationship,'" executive producer Dave Finkel told the entertainment news outlet.

Prince's episode of "New Girl" is set to air on Feb. 2 at approximately 10:30-11:00 p.m. ET/7:30-8:00 p.m. PT on Fox.             0136051-8572154f5addb8a8905bd252228e4f82.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005457 00000000000 014766  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        TOKYO (Reuters) - North Korea has told Japan it can only give a preliminary report on the status of its investigation into the fate of Japanese citizens abducted by Pyongyang decades ago and of other missing Japanese, the government spokesman in Tokyo said on Friday.

Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga smiles during a news conference at Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's official residence in Tokyo September 3, 2014. REUTERS/Yuya Shino

Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said resolving the emotive dispute over the abductees is a top priority for his administration. In 2002, North Korea admitted kidnapping 13 Japanese citizens in the 1970s and 1980s to help train spies. Five abductees and their families later returned to Japan.

North Korea said the remaining eight were dead and that the issue was closed, but Japan pressed for more information about their fate and others that Tokyo believes were also kidnapped.

Japan’s National Police Agency says there are more than 800 missing people who may have been abducted.

Tokyo eased some sanctions on North Korea in July in return for Pyongyang’s reopening of the investigation and had said it expected an initial report to come out between late summer and early autumn, prompting speculation that there might be some dramatic progress soon.

However, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said the timing of even the preliminary report was unclear.

Suga told a news conference that North Korea had informed Japan the investigation was proceeding and hoped to wrap it up within a year, although Pyongyang also said the probe was in its initial stage and any explanation would only be preliminary.

“The Japanese side has conveyed firmly to North Korea that there must be a speedy, comprehensive and overall investigation concerning all Japanese citizens beginning with the abductees,” Suga said. He said Japan was seeking a more detailed explanation about the investigation through diplomatic routes.

Tokyo has no formal diplomatic ties with North Korea and the dispute over the abductees has been a major stumbling block. North Korea is also subject to U.N. sanctions over its nuclear weapons tests.

Japan’s Kyodo news agency last week quoted Song Il-ho, North Korea’s top negotiator in talks with Japan, as voicing hope that Japan would further ease sanctions as the probe advanced.

In July, Japan lifted travel curbs to and from North Korea and ended restrictions on the amount of money that can be sent to the North without notifying Japanese authorities.

It also allowed port calls by North Korean ships for humanitarian purposes. Tokyo, however, has a ban in place on exports to and imports from North Korea and on flights to Japan by chartered planes from North Korea.

The government plans to brief relatives of the abductees on the negotiations with North Korea later on Friday.                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0136285-0de679461ff3b229ff2d3808aa225b04.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003073 00000000000 015034  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        "Directed energy has the potential to redefine military technology beyond missiles and our pulse power modules and containers will provide the tremendous amount of energy required to power applications like the Navy Railgun," said Colin Whelan, vice president of Advanced Technology for Raytheon's Integrated Defense Systems business. "Raytheon's engineering and manufacturing expertise uniquely position us to support next generation weapon systems to meet the ever-evolving threat."

Raytheon's pulse power container design is the result of work stemming from an initial $10 million contract with Naval Sea Systems Command to develop a pulsed power system, which will enable land or sea-based projectiles to reach great distances without the use of an explosive charge or rocket motor. Raytheon is one of three contractors developing a PPC design for the U.S. Navy.

About Raytheon

Raytheon Company, with 2015 sales of $23 billion and 61,000 employees, is a technology and innovation leader specializing in defense, civil government and cybersecurity solutions. With a history of innovation spanning 94 years, Raytheon provides state-of-the-art electronics, mission systems integration, C5ITM products and services, sensing, effects, and mission support for customers in more than 80 countries. Raytheon is headquartered in Waltham, Mass. Visit us at www.raytheon.com and follow us on Twitter @Raytheon.

Media Contact

Ian Davis

+1.978-858-4135

idspr@raytheon.com

Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160522/370629

SOURCE Raytheon Company

Related Links

http://www.raytheon.com

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136292-95eb8589744c7b2d0783455d83700e4d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016734 00000000000 014653  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As new leaders take office in Japan, China, and South Korea in an unprecedented coincidence of power shifts, a fresh opportunity has arisen to hit the reset button on fractious relationships beset by territorial disputes, nationalism, and history.

It will not be easy, though, to move beyond issues that have roiled Northeast Asia in recent years. It will require the region's new governments to look beyond the territorial disputes that have poisoned Japan's relations with China and complicated its ties with South Korea. And it will need a closer meeting of minds over how to halt renegade North Korea's drive for a nuclear weapon.

But some analysts are optimistic. "This is a critical time," says Sun Zhe, professor of international relations at Tsinghua University in Beijing. "I hope the leaders can have a bigger vision and think about their relationships over the next 20 years. They can work together."

Behind that optimism is cold economic reality: The three Asian giants need each other's trade and investment, and all the incoming governments have made economic prosperity the cornerstone of their policies.

"There is enough economic focus in all three countries" to trump the issues of nationalist pride that divide them," says Torkel Patterson, a fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington.

Their success or failure will be felt far beyond the region. China, Japan, and South Korea accounted for more than 16 percent of world trade in 2011, according to the International Monetary Fund. In parlous economic times, the world cannot afford to see politics undermine the growth prospects of such a key region.

Where history weighs heavily

In a part of the world where history weighs heavily – especially Japan's brutal imperialist occupation of its neighbors – all three new leaders have close family ties to the past.

Shinzo Abe, elected prime minister of Japan in December, reveres his grandfather Nobusuke Kishi, who is both widely regarded as lucky to have avoided prosecution as a war criminal and is also a close friend of Gen. Park Chung-hee, the dictatorial father of modern South Korea. And Park's daughter, Park Geun-hye, was sworn in as South Korea's new president last week, while Xi Jinping, due to take the reins of government in Beijing in early March, is the son of one of Mao Zedong's revolutionary lieutenants.

Whether these ancestral connections will make it easier for the new leaders to clear some of the historical underbrush that has tripped up their predecessors remains to be seen.

"A lot will be determined by how these leaders relate to one another and perceive one another," says John Delury, who teaches history at Yonsei University in Seoul.

A lot will depend on Japan

Key to the new dynamics will be Mr. Abe. He is viewed with mistrust by his neighbors because his vision of a resurgent Japan seems to them to be based on a continued denial of how poorly Japan behaved when it was last a dominant regional power, in the 1930s and '40s.

In the past, Abe has said he did not believe that the Japanese Imperial Army had forcibly recruited sex slaves, or "comfort women," to serve Japanese soldiers, a denial that infuriates South Koreans as well as runs counter to a previous official Japanese admission of guilt.

He has also publicly regretted not visiting Yasukuni, the Tokyo shrine to Japanese war dead that also honors 14 Class A war criminals, when he was last prime minister.

But since retaking office, Abe has been "pragmatic and careful" not to raise such contentious issues, says Hiroshi Meguro, a foreign-affairs analyst at Tokyo's Hosei University. Abe also backed off a campaign pledge to make a big issue out of Tokyo's claim to islands under South Korean control, known here as the Takeshima and in Korea as the Dokdo.

Faced with the more immediate threat of China's claim to a key set of islands , "Abe needs allies, and that is encouraging him to mute anti-South Korean rhetoric," says Robert Dujarric, a regional analyst at the Tokyo campus of Temple University.

Washington is clearly anxious to see its two treaty allies in the region, Japan and South Korea, mend their ties, as is the new Japanese government. "Both sides should come to their senses about our priorities" in light of China's rise, says Taro Kono, a veteran member of parliament from the ruling Liberal Democratic Party. "And the priority is cooperation."

A lot will depend, says one Western diplomat, on "how strongly Abe feels on the history issues in his heart ... compared with the downside he sees of messing things up with an important partner in the region."

Even if Abe can hold his tongue, the South Korean public is very wary. Ms. Park has said she wants to improve relations with Japan, and as an outspoken advocate of former comfort women she has the credentials to make overtures to Tokyo, Dr. Delury says. But "she will have to step with great caution ... so as not to get ahead of her public," he warns.

Neither will Park want to make friends with Japan at the risk of alienating China, which has become Seoul's top trading partner. The new South Korean leader speaks Chinese and was the previous government's special envoy to Beijing, giving her a natural inclination to work closely with the new Chinese authorities; one of her main goals is to negotiate a free-trade agreement with China.

At the same time, Beijing has deeply disappointed Seoul in recent years by its continued support for North Korea even when Pyongyang directly attacked the South. Beijing did not condemn Pyongyang in 2010 when it sank a South Korean warship, the Cheonan, for example.

Park has made overtures to the North, offering food and fertilizer and advocating a relationship based on trust. But only pressure from Beijing is expected to have any impact on Pyongyang's nuclear program and there are few signs that Seoul will be able to count on such pressure.

Economic fallout?

Japan, meanwhile, locked in a territorial dispute with China over islets in the East China Sea, is suffering the economic fallout. Exports to China, once its biggest market, fell by nearly 7 percent last year, according to Chinese customs figures.

But bilateral trade was still a whopping $330 billion between the world's second- and third-largest economies, tying them in interdependent knots that would be difficult to undo. Abe's caution so far in dealing with the island crisis is driven largely by the fact that "Japan is certainly cognizant of the damage it would suffer if relations with China really go into the tank," the Western diplomat says.

China's larger challenge

China, however, faces a larger challenge in the region, once the current crisis with Japan dies down, warns Professor Sun, and that will be to engender trust and confidence among its neighbors.

He is hopeful that Mr. Xi, who has headed the ruling Communist Party for the past three months, will nurture his early steps to crack down on corruption and curb official showiness into deeper political reforms.

Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy

"If Xi can continue this trend, people in other countries will feel there is some hope for Chinese political change and that China will share the same values as they do," he suggests.

That would open the window to regional cooperation on climate and environmental issues, for example. "There will be signs of changing prospects for China to cooperate regionally in the next five or 10 years," Sun predicts. "We need to push China to be more integrated in the international community."                                    0136332-a80ac37e327c89f440030bc6b01e9d90.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005521 00000000000 015015  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        How to Prepare for That First Investment Property Purchase

– How to Prepare for That First Investment Property Purchase –

Buying commercial real estate is not for the faint of heart.

Following are some essential tips that will help investors through their first commercial property purchase:

Prepare Financially: Commercial investments require larger down payments than residential properties. It is not unusual for commercial lenders (many different types of commercial lenders) to require 10 to 30% down in order to purchase a business or commercial property (owner occupant commercial real estate). Commercial investment properties (owner’s business does not occupy the real estate) often require 25 to 50% down payment. Investors must also have capital in reserve to make upgrades to the property or sustain the initial business.

Select a Qualified Commercial Real Estate Agent: Commercial property sales can be very complex for an unfamiliar buyer. A real estate agent can educate you on the process of buying, explain about any pitfalls and identify properties that meet your criteria.

Decide What Type of Property to Invest In: Each property type has unique issues that need to be addressed. Gas stations, multi-family residential complexes, hotels, commercial residential mix, industrial, general office, land, medical office, and retail buildings all have benefits and drawbacks.

Be Confident and Aggressive: First-time commercial buyers need to go into the transaction informed and knowledgeable (seek brokers and developers that educate instead of dictate). Buyers will be required to make quick decisions and work to deadlines with their broker. By being confident in your decision and aggressive with your offer and negotiation (find a broker with financial education to help you learn how to quantify decisions) you’ll get the best deal possible (seek “win-win deals” through “math” and uniting the goals of each party in the transaction).

First-time commercial investors (investment properties, owner occupied purchases, and leases are all “investments”) have a major hurdles to overcome when entering into the world of commercial real estate investments. By finding a qualified commercial real estate brokerage team, and being confident in the decision (learn the math!), investors will find an investment that can provide profits for years to come. After you find a deal with your broker, consult with your cpa, attorney, and any other trusted advisers before making a final decision. Well rounded “team” decisions usually have better success than impulsive unadvised choices.

Contact a Texas Commercial Real Estate Expert:

Contact Luke LeGrand, ePRO via email @ luke@kwcommercialsa.com or call 210-843-5853 or Link LeGrand, CCIM via email @ link@kwcommercialsa.com or call 210-789-5465

How to Prepare for That First Investment Property Purchase                                                                                                                                                                               0136339-0176453f1ed8d1fdf0315d77169d20c0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005225 00000000000 014752  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        HOUSTON (Reuters) - The U.S. oil and natural gas industry emits more methane than previously thought, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Gina McCarthy said on Wednesday as she defended efforts to curb its output.

Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator Gina McCarthy announces steps under the Clean Air Act to cut carbon pollution from existing power plants during a news conference in Washington June 2, 2014. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts

The regulator last year said it would try to reduce emissions of methane, which is far more damaging to the environment than carbon dioxide, by requiring new oil and gas processing and transmission facilities to find and repair methane leaks and for producers to capture or limit methane from shale wells.

As part of that rules process, the EPA collected new data on how much methane is emitted by oil drilling, transportation and refining.

“Methane emissions from existing sources in the oil and gas sector are substantially higher than we previously understood,” McCarthy told IHS CERAWeek, the annual gathering of global oil executives, though she did not quantify the difference.

While the new data collected by the EPA on methane emissions show that emissions have not increased, they do give regulators a fuller picture of emissions, McCarthy said.

“The data confirm that we can and must do more on methane,” McCarthy said. “By tackling methane emissions, we can unlock an amazing opportunity to better protect our environment for the future.”

The Obama administration has also set a goal of reducing methane emissions 40 percent to 45 percent below 2012 levels by 2025.

So far, industry and state leaders have lined up to oppose McCarthy, who has sought industry’s help by asking them to voluntarily disclose their methane emissions.

Only eight out of nearly 8,000 U.S. natural gas producers have done so, and much of the EPA’s new data comes by combining research from other government agencies and universities.

SUPREME COURT

McCarthy told the conference she was disappointed that the U.S. Supreme Court temporarily put on hold federal regulations to curb carbon dioxide emissions from coal-fired power plants, but said she was confident the plan would ultimately be approved.

“We remain fully confident in the legal merits of this rule, and that ultimately, it will stand the test of time,” McCarthy said.

McCarthy did strike a bold note at the conference, seeking to project a sense of inevitability around the EPA’s proposed regulations in order to convince the oil and natural gas industry that it has no choice but to fall in line

“If anyone thinks we’re done on climate, think again, guys.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0136338-2a7993a22202833ef5902d4e7bafc55a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015176 00000000000 015040  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The presidential campaign of Democrat Bernie Sanders effectively declared war on the Democratic National Committee Friday, condemning as unfair a punishment the party doled out after discovering that Sanders staffers had inappropriately accessed sensitive information from Hillary Clinton’s campaign held by the DNC.

The DNC maintains a master voter file, which campaigns supplement with their own information. On Wednesday, a vendor error created a security breach that several Sanders staffers, including its top data official, exploited to access valuable Clinton campaign data. The DNC responded by barring the Sanders campaign from the database entirely, which includes data generated by the campaign itself.

Close video Fired Sanders campaign staffer speaks out Josh Uretsky, fired Sanders campaign staffer, is interviewed by MSNBC’s Steve Kornacki with his perspective on the controversy following Clinton campaign data being accessed by the Sanders campaign during a DNC firewall failure. share tweet email save Embed

Saying the national party violated its pledged neutrality with the punishment, Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver threatened to sue the DNC in federal court and accused the national party of “trying to help the Clinton campaign” with “our data [that] has been stolen by the DNC.”

“Rather incredibly, the leadership of the DNC has used this incident to shutdown our access to our own information. This is the lifeblood of our campaign,” Weaver said at a press conference Friday in Washington. “By their action, the leadership of the DNC is now actively attempting to undermine our campaign. This is unacceptable.”

The lockout has had sweeping ramifications for the Sanders campaign, effectively bringing to a halt the their entire field operation. Sanders quickly fired his chief data official, and more punishments may come, but it’s unclear when the conflict will be resolved and when the campaign will be allowed back in to the database.

“This is taking our campaign hostage,” Weaver said.

As Weaver was speaking, the DNC released a new statement from Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz accusing the Sanders campaign of “inappropriately and systematically” accessed Clinton data. “I have personally reached out to Senator Sanders to make sure that he is aware of the situation. When we receive this report from the Sanders campaign, we will make a determination on re-enabling the campaign’s access to the system,” she said.

RELATED: Documents show Sanders staffers breached Clinton voter data

Appearing on MSNBC earlier in the day, Wasserman Schultz said the campaign downloaded and exported the data, in contradiction to earlier Sanders statements. (The tech vendor, NGP VAN, said the Sanders official “was able to search by and view, but not export or save or act on” the data.

It’s a dramatic eruption of tensions that have simmered for months between the DNC and supporters of Sanders and long shot candidate Martin O’Malley. And it comes just over 24 hours away from the party’s final presidential debate of the year, which itself has generated controversy.

When Clinton and Sanders meet onstage in Manchester, New Hampshire Saturday night, the mood will be tenser than ever as acrimony between the campaigns reaches new heights following the illicit data breach.

Already, Sanders allies alleged the DNC limited the number of debates and their timing – including this one on the final weekend before Christmas – to protect Clinton.

And in the center of it all is Wasserman Schultz, who effectively referees the party’s nominating contest. Anti-Clinton forces have long accused her of being in the tank for the Democratic front-runner, noting she served as national co-chair of Clinton’s 2008 campaign.

But the dust-up over the data breach, the most explosive controversy to hit the Democratic primary thus far, has solidified drawn battle lines, with Sanders going to war against the DNC and the Clinton campaign with the army it has, a fairly rag tag group of liberal organizations.

Sanders’ relationship with the Democratic Party is fragile to begin with. He is the longest serving independent in the history of Congress and has been highly critical of the party in the past, before officially joining it this year to run for president. While he caucuses with the Democrats in the Senate and agrees ideologically with the party on virtually every issue, he was proud to say he was not beholden to any party bosses. That served him well, but also meant he has not engaged in the kind of party building activities typically requested of partisan politicians.

Allies tried to blame the DNC and its vendor, NGP VAN, for the breach, instead of Sanders. MoveOn.org said the DNC had “failed” to keep data safe and that locking Sanders out of the database was “unnecessary and misguided.”

Charles Chamberlain, the executive director of the group Democracy for America, which endorsed Sanders Thursday, called on the DNC to reverse its decision “before the committee does even more to bring its neutrality in the race for President into question.” Dan Cantor of the Working Families Party, which endorsed Sanders last week, said the DNC had to “take their thumbs off the scale.”

“Last week, the Working Families Party chose our candidate, and today, it looks like the DNC has chosen theirs,” he said.

Already on social media, Sanders fans seemed ready to go to the barricades, seeing the move as an attempt by the political establishment to squash an insurgent threat. Using the hashtag #StormTheDNC, supporters have shared the number for the DNC switchboard so supporters can express their outrage, while some supporters on Reddit are calling for stepped up donations to Sanders’ campaign.

National Nurses United, a nurses union that has endorsed Sanders, plans to stage a protest outside Wasserman Schultz’ congressional office in Florida. Executive Director RoseAnn DeMoro said the DNC’s decision to lock out Sanders “continues an anti-democratic pattern by the DNC to derail the growing grassroots momentum of the Sanders campaign and the millions of Americans who support it.”

It’s a natural card for Sanders and his allies to play, and it will undoubtedly rally supporters to their cause – but it may win over few others. Regardless of whether the DNC’s punishment was too harsh, it does not change the fact that senior Sanders campaign officials worked to improperly access Clinton’s proprietary data, and evidence suggest they did so in a systematic way.

Instead, the battle is likely to only harden either side’s distrust of the other as the candidates head into the home stretch of the primary.

This story has been updated.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136289-6a5de9d05c09fb445cbc88b60fdcba44.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003616 00000000000 015425  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        An F-35B Lightning II prepared to take off from the flight deck of the USS America in October.

NEW YORK — Shares of Lockheed Martin fell as President-elect Donald Trump tweeted that making F-35 fighter planes is too costly and that he will cut ‘‘billions’’ in costs for military purchases.

Lockheed makes the F-35 one-seat fighter aircraft for the U.S. and is a major defense contractor. The F-35 program made up 20 percent of Lockheed’s total revenue last year.

This is the second time in a week that Trump has blasted U.S. aircraft spending. Last week, Trump tweeted that costs to build new presidential planes by Boeing Corp. were ‘‘out of control’’ and ended the tweet with ‘‘Cancel order!’’

Advertisement

A senior Lockheed Martin official defended the price tag of the F-35 stealth fighter and said he is ready to answer any questions Donald Trump may have regarding the price tag.

Get Today in Politics in your inbox: A digest of the top political stories from the Globe, sent to your inbox Monday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here

Jeff Babione, executive vice president and general manager of the F-35 program, said it is the most affordable plane of its kind.

Babione is in Israel as it prepares to receive the first two next-generation F-35 fighter jets.

Lockheed Martin Corp. shares fell 2.5 percent to $253 before the stock market open Monday. In the first few minutes after the opening bell, shares dropped about 4 percent to $248.

Defense Secretary Ashton Carter is in the middle of a visit to Israel during which he will take part in the deliver of two F-35 jets to that country’s ministry of defense.

Israeli Defense Ministry via European Pressphoto Agency Defense Secretary Ashton Carter (center) began a three-day visit Monday to Israel. He will take part in the delivery of Israel’s first two F-35 “Adir” Joint Strike Fighters.                                                                                                                  0136377-6d1aaf4502885a65be2e51df3e49b2ed.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002411 00000000000 015252  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        There's no guarantee that the flash unit is still good or that the battery still has a charge (chances are good though). There should be a button on the front to activate the flash charging circuit. Go ahead and press that. You should hear the whine of the capacitor charging and after a bit you should see the indicator LED light up on the back. You should NOT have to hold the front button down. If the capacitor won't charge without the button being held down, toss the camera and find another. With the back off, you should see a small sprocket just under the view hole and above the rectangular cavity. The film advance wheel should spin easily since there is no film inside. When there is film in the camera and you advance the film with the wheel, the teeth on the edge of the film spin the small sprocket. This action resets the release button. Since there’s no film in the camera now, go ahead and spin the small sprocket towards the right. You should feel the tension build and then the sprocket should lock once the release button is set. Now press the release button. You should see a flash.



If you didn’t hear the whine, it’s most likely a bad battery. Replace the battery with a fresh one and repeat. If the flash doesn’t fire, toss the camera and get another one.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0136308-e7de304d8948c1588837679496ed9913.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007504 00000000000 014615  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The 2016 NHL All-Star Weekend is upon us. On the surface, these few days appears as a much-needed break from the daily grind of a long hockey season where players get the opportunity to have some fun without any pressure. However, the individuals involved with making their respective organizations stronger are not taking any time to kick back and relax. With the February 29th trade deadline now less than a month away, it is now crunch time for generals managers across the National Hockey League.

As it has been expected for some time now, Ducks GM Bob Murray is going to have a very small amount of sleep during the month of February. After an extremely slow and disappointing start to the 2015-2016 season, Anaheim finally seems to be playing up to its potential (minus Ryan Getzlaf). The Ducks currently sit in fourth place in the Pacific Division with a 22-18-7 record and are only two points behind the third place Coyotes.

The team may be improving but there is no denying that the Ducks could still use some more assistance in the scoring department if they want to make a real run in the postseason. Luckily for Murray, there is one guy out there who would be the perfect fit in his organization.

Insert Andrew Ladd

Contract extension talks between Andrew Ladd and the Jets have apparently come to a halt and it Winnipeg is now focussing its efforts on working out a deal with Dustin Byfuglien. One would imagine that this puts Ladd on the trade market and he would be a valuable asset to any team looking to make a postseason push.

http://gty.im/468415840

The 30-year-old left winger has not had the strongest outing so far this season, recording 10 goals and 17 assists in 49 games. However, the potential to be a real difference maker is still there and a change of scenery to a team with more talent could bring out the best in Ladd. The truth of the matter is he would fit in perfectly with the Ducks. They need a proven top line left winger who can score and is not afraid to get physical. Ten goals may not seem like a lot but when only three members of the Ducks have posted double-digit goal totals this season, the team will take any improvement they can get. Since the game against the rival

Since the game against the rival Kings, Bruce Boudreau has readjusted his lines spreading out his most talented players instead of having them all on two lines. Acquiring Ladd would cause Boudreau to do some more adjusting but I imagine the left winger on a line with Ryan Kesler.

What Would He Cost?

If the Ducks were to acquire Ladd before the trade deadline, it would simply be only for the rest of this season. It is reported that he is seeking a six-year contract with a price tag somewhere north of $6M annually. Anaheim already has plenty of high-priced players on the books and will be focussed on signing some of their key RFA’s this offseason. Murray will only deal for Ladd so his team can still take a run at the Stanley Cup this spring.

http://gty.im/459857056

The Jets are looking for defensemen which immediately translates into Sami Vatanen when discussing trading with Anaheim. The Ducks have a crowded blueline and Vatanen has been viewed as the most expendable asset. However, I do not think parting ways with a skilled player such as Vatanen would be a smart move for the Ducks to make for a rental player. Murray will be hesitant deal someone away he feels could be a valuable member of his organization’s future for someone he will only have for a few months. Although the Ducks will have to part with someone, I imagine a deal with Winnipeg involving Anaheim’s first round pick as the centerpiece.

The 2016 trade deadline will be here before we know it and there is no doubt that Murray and the Ducks will be looking to make at least one more big move. They may be more than one appealing deal out there but acquiring Ladd is the one Anaheim must make.                                                                                                                                                                                            0136352-eae995cc096a58f3cf9a35f8d939e256.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000026347 00000000000 015244  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Far be it from mem with a daughter of my own, and a wife, to minimize the issue of rape, but to borrow from the Bard, in the case of the “rape” case being alleged against WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange (technically, Swedish prosecutors say it’s not rape, it’s “sex by surprise”), currently being held in a British jail without bail pending an extradition request from Stockholm: “Something is rotten in Sweden.”

As I wrote earlier in this publication, the alleged sexual crimes that Assange is currently being sought for by a Swedish prosecutor are:

1. Allegedly failing to halt an act of consensual sexual intercourse when his sex partner and host, Anna Ardin, claims she somehow became aware that the condom he was using had “split” and,

2. Having consensual sex with a second woman a few days later without informing her that he had just been with Ardin, and then, a day later, allegedly refusing to return a phone call on his cell phone, when she tried to call him to ask him to take an STD test. (Assange says he had turned off and was not using his phone for fear he was being traced through it, not that refusing to take a call from a woman one recently slept with should be considered criminal. Cold or even cruel, maybe, but not justification for a rape charge!)

In most countries, including the US and UK, these would not pass the test to be considered a crime, much less qualify as a category of “rape,” but Swedish authorities, who in all of this year have only submitted one other request to Interpol for assistance in capturing a sex crimes suspect, asked the international police agency to issue a so-called Red Alert for Assange, who was subsquently asked by police in the UK, where he was staying, to turn himself in or face arrest. (The other Interpol Red Alert sought by Swedish prosecutors this year was for Jan Christer Wallenkurtz, a 58-year-old Swedish national wanted on multiple charges of alleged sex crimes and sex crimes against children.)

You have to ask, given that Sweden has the highest per-capital number of reported rape cases in Europe, how it can be that only these two suspects–Wallenkurtz and Assange–are brought to Interpol.

You also have to wonder how it is that Assange–accused, not charged, only with consensual sex “offenses” not “rape” or even “sexual assault”–is denied bail by a British court magistrate, despite having several people at his arraignment hearing, including a well-known British filmmaker, ready to post whatever bail might be required to assure his return to court for an extradition hearing, while even people charged with aggressive rape are apparently routinely released on bail in both the UK and Sweden.

Here’s an interesting letter that ran yesterday in the Guardian in England, authored by Katrin Axelsson, of the British organization Women Against Rape:

“Many women in both Sweden and Britain will wonder at the unusual zeal with which Julian Assange is being pursued for rape allegations. Women in Sweden don’t fare better than we do in Britain when it comes to rape. Though Sweden has the highest per capita number of reported rapes in Europe and these have quadrupled in the last 20 years, conviction rates have decreased. On 23 April 2010 Carina Hägg and Nalin Pekgul (respectively MP and chairwoman of Social Democratic Women in Sweden) wrote in the Göteborgs-Posten that “up to 90% of all reported rapes never get to court. In 2006 six people were convicted of rape though almost 4,000 people were reported”. They endorsed Amnesty International’s call for an independent inquiry to examine the rape cases that had been closed and the quality of the original investigations.

“Assange, who it seems has no criminal convictions, was refused bail in England despite sureties of more than £120,000. Yet bail following rape allegations is routine. For two years we have been supporting a woman who suffered rape and domestic violence from a man previously convicted after attempting to murder an ex-partner and her children – he was granted bail while police investigated.

“There is a long tradition of the use of rape and sexual assault for political agendas that have nothing to do with women’s safety. In the south of the US, the lynching of black men was often justified on grounds that they had raped or even looked at a white woman. Women don’t take kindly to our demand for safety being misused, while rape continues to be neglected at best or protected at worst.”

The long arm of the US in this case is hard to miss here.

Especially in view of one of the latest WikiLeaks State Department cables to be disclosed in the New York Times, which in an article on Thursday laid out how the US had strong-armed even the powerful German government into blocking German prosecutors from indicting and requesting the extradition to Germany of 13 CIA agents involved in the illegal kidnapping and renditioning to Bagram prison in Afghanistan of Khaled el-Masri, a German citizen wrongly thought by the CIA to be a terrorist. El-Masri was kidnapped by these agents in 2003, stripped, bound, placed in an adult diaper with a plug in his rectum, and flown by the CIA to Bagram, where he was repeatedly tortured, sodomized, injected with mind-altering drugs, and held for months, before being simply dropped off by the CIA on an Albanian roadside, after it was determined by the US that a “mistake” had been made. The US did not want its rendition program and its policy of officially-sanctioned torture disclosed and so it pressed German authorities to drop all prosecution of the agency kidnappers, threatinging “the implications for relations with the U.S.” (El-Masri has been barred from suing the US government for damages.)

It strains credulity to believe that the same US government that put such pressure on a NATO ally Germany is not behind Swedish prosecutors’ sudden intense interest in this preposterous case of consensual sex and a broken condom–particularly as the initial prosecutor in the case dropped it after learning that the two women, far from being upset following their nights with Assange, had in one case thrown a party for him following the alleged incident, and in the other, left him in her bed while she went out to buy him breakfast. (Both women reportedly sent twitters to friends bragging about their conquests, messages they later tried to have expunged from the Twitter system).

It also strains credulity to believe that the denial of bail to this particular suspect by a British court–particularly given that he is not charged with any violent act, and has no criminal record–is not the result of behind-the-scenes US pressure.

Indeed, it appears that the US is busy trumping up more serious charges against Assange, with his lawyers saying they are anticipating that the US Justice Department (already reportedly in discussions with Swedish authorities about getting their hands on Assange), is planning soon to charge him under the 1917 Espionage statute, the same law that the Nixon Justice Department tried to use unsuccessfully against Daniel Ellsberg in the Pentagon Papers case. That could explain why efforts are being made to try to keep Assange held in a cell.

It could also explain why Assange is challenging the Swedish extradition request.

Opposition to the Afghan and Irag Wars is intense in the UK and is supported by the overwhelming majority of British citizens, which makes Assange something of a hero in Britain for his WikiLeaks exposes of the ongoing crimes by US and UK forces in those conflicts. British government acquiescence to an extradition order from the US on espionage charges would likely lead to massive opposition by British citizens. Sweden, on the other hand, which is not a member of NATO, but which has some 500 troops participating in the “NATO” war in Afghanistan, does not face the same kind of popular opposition to its role, and Assange may fear that Sweden, a very small country, could be pressured much more easily to hand Assange over to US authorities, with little resulting fuss from the Swedish public.

Back in the US, there has been no move by news organizations to come to Assange’s defense. In fact, the corporate media reaction to this whole issue has been the opposite. For the most part, the Swedish charges, and his arrest in Britain on the basis of the Interpol Red Alert, are reported as being about “rape,” without any explanation of the actual “violations,” which would not even rise to the level of a crime in the US. Meanwhile, most editorial pages are condemning the violation of diplomatic secrecy, not the government’s efforts to shut down a source of important news about government ineptness, malfeasance and deceit.

Yet if it turns out, as I’m confident it will, that the US government has been the driving force behind both the arrest and imprisonment of Assange, and his extradition to Sweden, and if it turns out, as appears increasingly likely, that the US government has also been behind simultaneous decisions by Visa, MasterCard, Paypal and several Swiss banks to refuse to handle donations to WikiLeaks, as well as by Amazon, which withdrew Wikileak’s access to its cloud data storage system, and a DNS registry which de-registered WikiLeak’s URL, publishers and broadcasters, and journalists themselves, should be up in arms defending him. As I wrote here earlier, this kind of attack on a news source for purely political reasons is a threat to the First Amendment as profound as the Nixonian attack on Daniel Ellsberg, and the attempt to block the New York Times from publishing his purloined documents about the origins of the Vietnam War.

Andreas Fink, CEO of DataCell ehf, the Swiss company that has been accepting donations on behalf of Wikileaks via Visa, had this to say about the Dec. 8 decision by Visa to cease processing Wikileaks donations:

“The suspension of payments towards Wikileaks is a violation of the agreements with their customers. Visa users have explicitly expressed their will to send their donations to Wikileaks and Visa is not fulfilling this wish. It will probably hurt their brand much much more to block payments towards Wikileaks than to have them occur. Visa customers are contacting us in masses to confirm that they really donate and they are not happy about Visa rejecting them. It is obvious that Visa is under political pressure to close us down. We strongly believe a world class company such as Visa should not get involved by politics and just simply do their business where they are good at. Transferring money. They have no problem transferring money for other businesses such as gambling sites, pornography services and the like so why a donation to a Website which is holding up for human rights should be morally any worse than that is outside of my understanding.”

Contributions can still be made to Wikileaks and to Assange’s Defense by wire transfer and by check and ordinary mail. To find out how to contribute, go to: www.wikileaks.ch/support.html

By the way, if there is anyone out there working for Visa, MasterCard, Paypal, or any banking organization, or in a government office, who can provide me with evidence that the US has been behind the decision of any of those organizations to freeze out WikiLeaks and destroy it financially, I will guarantee your anonymity at all costs. Please contact me or send me documentation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136266-6f6d31164239c70ec95d9586b9864a68.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002416 00000000000 014654  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Palestinian security services circulated on Monday instructions to communications companies to stop working with Hamas' al-Aqsa TV and to no longer provide them services.

Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter



The Palestinian Authority is trying to curtail Hamas' television station in the West Bank. Al-Aqsa TV's staff and studios are located in the Gaza Strip.

The Palestinian security services' directive was given a day after a joint operation of the IDF, Shin Bet and the Civil Administration during which equipment and transmitters from Hebron's Radio Dream were confiscated.

Radio Al-Khalil after the IDF raid on the station

The army stated that the operation was carried out following programs inciting hatred were broadcasted at the radio station.

Last weekend, the IDF closed the Palestinian radio station Radio Al-Khalil (Radio Hebron). It confiscated broadcasting equipment and issued a six-month closing order signed by the GOC Central Command, Maj.-Gen. Roni Numa.

Earlier this month, Israeli security forces raided the offices and studio of the Al-Hurriya radio station in Hebron. The IDF, in cooperation with the Civil Administration, confiscated technical equipment and the station's transmitters. In addition, a six-month closure order was issued to the station.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136348-e79b9dc9180e87914d5f4ad47b0c566a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000025454 00000000000 015152  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Paul Ryan waves alongside his children after being named Mitt Romney’s running mate during a campaign rally at the Nauticus Museum in Norfolk, Virginia on Saturday.

Photo by Saul Loeb/AFP/GettyImages.

Also in Slate, William Saletan writes that Paul Ryan is what a Republican should be, David Weigel explains why conservatives love him, Matthew Yglesias explains how the pick means both sides will ignore the election’s most important issue, and Emily Bazelon asks if Romney just surrendered Florida.

JANESVILLE, Wis.— Mitt Romney has made his first presidential-level decision, picking Paul Ryan, the 42-year-old, seven-term Congressman from southern Wisconsin, as his running mate. The choice offers the first real hints about what kind of president Romney will be. Here’s what we learned: He takes risks, he can adapt, and he’s willing to campaign on a bold set of ideas rather than generalities. If you’re looking for the attributes of presidential leadership, these are all strong qualities. The Ryan pick also tells us less flattering things about Romney: He’s willing to discard what were once deeply held views about the necessity of business and executive experience and to cosset the GOP base for political reasons at the expense of independents.

Thanks to the endless coverage this campaign of gaffes and out-of-context quotes, it had seemed like we were going to have a donut election: fluffy, sugary, and with nothing in the middle. The stakes for voters have always been high, but the way the campaign has played out has not matched the claims by both candidates that this is the most important election of a generation. Romney has had plans he could point to, but he wasn’t really running on them. Now he’s put a greater emphasis on those plans. They are no longer in the background, which means this election will be a clearer choice for voters. It will touch on the central question of how you refashion government in a time of scarcity and when a majority of the public is scared, thinking the country is headed in the wrong direction.

The Ryan pick is thrilling. That’s a first for Romney’s campaign. Throughout the primaries, a segment of conservatives were lukewarm about him. Since then, in countless interviews with activists, strategists and voters, it has been clear that Republicans are voting more against Obama than for Mitt Romney. Now conservatives have something to vote for. Paul Ryan is a revered figure in conservative circles. He is a conservative evangelist for the free market and lower taxes, and he doesn’t apologize. Ryan, along with Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walter, is loud and proud—willing to be specific and controversial despite the political heat.

Mitt Romney has never been considered in the same mold. Over the last few months, there has been an influential chorus of Republicans—joined by Walker—calling for Romney not only to get specific about conservative solutions but to campaign on them. To run merely as the anti-Obama alternative was not enough, argued people like Ryan-backer Bill Kristol. Romney had to present a set of alternative ideas and champion them. Others, like Mitch Daniels, argued that only by campaigning with brio could Romney win a mandate for governing.

By picking Ryan, Romney has staked his campaign on fundamentally restructuring the government and its relationship to the people who fund it. Ryan has called for the privatization of Social Security and transforming Medicare from a defined benefit plan to a defined contribution plan. The seven-term congressman has pushed these ideas for years, pointing to his continued success in a contested state and in a district that Barack Obama won in 2008 as proof that conservatives could be true to their beliefs and survive politically.

As a conservative ideas man, Ryan is well ahead of most others in his party not just in his level of specificity but in his willingness to stand behind his ideas. But in 2010, Republican leaders didn’t embrace Ryan’s “roadmap,” knowing that it would be too controversial, particularly the change to Medicare. House Republicans were running against Democrats by arguing that Democrats were destroying Medicare, something that would have been hard to do while also championing the Ryan plan, which would have opened them to the same charge. Those ideas are now so central to the party’s chances of winning back the White House that they have won Ryan a spot on the ticket.

Ryan is loved by conservatives, but he makes moderate Republicans nervous. “We’ve switched the campaign from being about jobs and Obama’s bad record to one about Paul Ryan’s Medicare plans,” said one Republican strategist, echoing the sentiment of several I interviewed. The Romney team argues that swing state independent voters will see the new policy focus as a road out of their current economic woes. Some Republican strategists think it’s a gift to the Obama campaign.

That’s because one of the Obama teams’ goals has long been to tie Romney to Ryan and his budget proposals. They also wanted this election to be a choice, not a referendum on Obama. When both the campaign and the challenger have the same goals it suggests that one of them really has it very wrong.

Ryan is not a complement to Mitt Romney. He’s an injection of energy, like Sarah Palin was for John McCain or Jack Kemp was for Bob Dole. He is telegenic and enjoys sparring with those who doubt him, which are important skills. He’s also a possible ambassador to middle class and Rust Belt voters in the way that Joe Biden has been for president Obama. That might put a state like Wisconsin, which was trending toward Obama, back in play. When Mitt Romney talked about his vice presidential pick before it was announced, he said, in an interview with NBC, that he wanted a candidate who had “a vision for the country that adds something to the political discourse about the direction of the country.” Sounds good, but the president is the one who is supposed to have the vision. In this case though, the No. 2 has the vision and instincts that Romney doesn’t. It’s why so many wanted Ryan to run for president. To be fair, Romney is certainly capable of articulating a vision. That’s what he did with his health care plan in Massachusetts. But he is reluctant to boast about those achievements.

Perhaps Romney can take a vision graft from Ryan. He’ll have to, because voters won’t be lured by Ryan’s ideas unless the man at the top of the ticket makes the case for them. But for all of the talk of a new emphasis on policy specifics, this is still going to be a campaign deeply connected to American values. When Ryan spoke on Saturday, he talked about the threat Obama poses to the American way of life. Underneath every policy debate will be the argument that when tough choices have to be made about the federal government, you’re going to want candidates who share your values when they’re doing the awful math of scarcity.

The Romney choice represents a significant adaptation from the plan that the campaign had been running before, which relied mostly on keeping the campaign focused on Barack Obama’s record. By picking Ryan, who comes with a very detailed set of ideas and proposals, Romney has embraced the view that he needs to run a campaign that offers bright alternatives to Obama’s vision. Even the Romney bus sends this message. It has been redesigned on the outside to read “The Romney Plan.”

Every president needs to know how to stick to a plan against all advice to the contrary, but perhaps even more important is that they know when to adapt. Romney has been slipping in the polls against Obama. The Real Clear Politics average has him down four points. Voters have a more unfavorable view of him than they do a favorable one, according to a variety of polls. By picking Ryan, Romney has a chance to redefine himself in a way that might relaunch the brand. But unlike the Sarah Palin pick or Bob Dole’s pick of Jack Kemp, this is not an odd couple. It is a rebranding that is mostly consistent with Romney’s general approach.

There is one big way in which Ryan is not in the Romney mold: He lacks executive experience. Romney has repeatedly said this shortcoming makes politicians from Hillary Clinton to Barack Obama to Rick Santorum unqualified for office. It was the talking point for those who have endorsed Romney, particularly N.J. Gov. Chris Christie: “Let’s be very leery, very wary of sending another member of Congress to the White House. Now, see, members of Congress, they can be OK, but they don’t know the first thing most of the time about using executive authority. They don’t know the first thing about getting things done.” Ryan also has no real business experience, a quality that Romney has said should be a qualification for office.

Romney is running an attribute campaign: His argument is that his skills and experience are particularly suited to the White House. Given that, it’s no small thing to then throw away the key attribute when selecting your vice president.

In picking a running mate, Romney has said the first criteria is that he needs to be able to step into the job. Either he doesn’t mean that or his previous emphasis on the necessity of executive experience was meaningless. It is a time-honored tradition to revise the criteria you set before you picked your vice president to fit the person you actually do pick. It makes the sale harder, though, for a candidate like Romney who has a reputation for ideological malleability.

To get around this, the Romney campaign has sold Ryan as the Washington counterpoint to Romney’s leadership skills. “I believe my record of getting things done in Congress will be a very helpful complement to Gov. Romney’s executive and private sector success outside Washington,” Ryan said at the announcement. This is a new criteria for Romney’s vice presidential pick, but it’s also one that will require some scrutiny. Is Ryan really the bipartisan deal-maker he claims? He didn’t sign on to the Simpson-Bowles, even though a strong conservative like Sen. Tom Coburn was able to in the name of bipartisanship. And he has not been a willing partner with Obama, despite Obama’s early view that he could work with Ryan. Liberals cite Obama’s appreciation for Ryan as one of his foolish early moves: mistaking an ideologue for someone who actually wanted to exchange ideas.

Romney will now test the proposition at the heart of all of the good advice he was getting from conservatives: Whether specificity kills or whether the country is really hungering for a detailed plan. Until this point, Romney has been almost allergic to specifics. Now he will have to give nuanced, precise, and powerful answers. He’s going to have to flip a switch, which might not be that easy given how hyper-careful he has been to this point. His aides have long said that Romney loves policy details. He’ll get a chance to prove it now.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0136273-84e1244497b6366e60cea68c06357dd9.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001776 00000000000 014725  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        "Let Thy Food Be Thy Medicine, And Thy Medicine Be Thy Food." - Hippocrates That is the message from the founding father of modern medicine echoed in this brave new documentary film brought to you by Producer-Directors James Colquhoun and Laurentine ten Bosch. 'Food Matters' is a hard hitting, fast paced look at our current state of health. Despite the billions of dollars of funding and research into new so-called cures we continue to suffer from a raft of chronic ills and every day maladies. Patching up an over-toxic and over-indulgent population with a host of toxic therapies and nutrient sparse foods is definitely not helping the situation. In a personal quest of discovery James & Laurentine together with a film crew and the editorial and production expertise of Enzo Tedeschi have set out on an independent mission to uncover the wholesome truth. The filmmakers have interviewed several world leaders in nutrition and natural healing who claim that not only are we harming our bodies ... Written by Anonymous  0136351-167719b006466908c2a179b0ddeb98a1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002166 00000000000 014675  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        With the rise of behavioral economics, my profession is no longer so fixated on the theory that people are relentlessly selfish, striving only to maximize their own pleasure. We know, for example, that work is not just eight daily hours of suffering that people endure to make money for their own benefit. People actually like to work if they see meaning in it, and they can be generous with their money, too.

I work at the nonprofit Yale University, and the higher purpose of education is a major reward for me. Many teachers and others in the helping professions share that feeling. They have consciously chosen to make less money than they could in the private sector, because they feel they are contributing to a greater good.

Philanthropic causes could do more to gain from this natural tendency. Yes, charities have already been very inventive in strategies to encourage donations, but they’ve been limited by institutional and legal structures that they take as a given. Fortunately, charities now have a chance to look at some new organizational paths to giving, some of which have benefited from research in behavioral economics.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136397-b00bd8e527b34858f7b31c0dc65061ec.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003643 00000000000 015115  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        (CNN) -- Music from late rapper Tupac Shakur has been included as part of the Vatican's official MySpace Music playlist.

The seat of the Catholic Church released a list of 12 songs onto the social networking Web site's streaming music service this week when the site launched in the United Kingdom.

Among selections from Mozart, Muse and Dame Shirley Bassey is the slain rapper's song "Changes," which was released two years after his shooting death on a greatest hits album in 1998.

"The genres are very different from each other, but all these artists share the aim to reach the heart of good minded people," the Vatican wrote on its official MySpace Music page.

As of Thursday night, "Changes" had been played more than 4.6 million times on the Web site.

The list was compiled by Father Giulio Neroni, artistic director of church publisher St Paul's Multimedia. He was also responsible for compiling the Vatican's recent Alma Mater album, which combined Gregorian chants and prayers with classical music and the voice of Pope Benedict XVI speaking in five languages.

Shakur, who spent time in prison for sexual assault, was gunned down in a drive-by shooting in Nevada in 1996.

The lyrics of "Changes" describe Shakur's desire to change a grim life of drugs, crime and violence on the streets.

Lyrics of the song, which is labeled as "explicit," include 'Is life worth living, should I blast myself?" "Give the crack to the kids, who the hell cares, one less hungry mouth on the welfare," and "My stomach hurts, so I'm looking for a purse to snatch."

At another point, Tupac sings: "Cause both black and white are smokin' crack tonight."

In contrast, the playlist also contains selections from the album "Music of the Vatican" such as "Advocata Nostra" and "Causa Nostrae Laetitiae."

Other contemporary tracks on the mix include Muse's "Uprising" from their new album "The Resistance" and "He Doesn't Know Why" by the folk group Fleet Foxes.                                                                                             0136389-9f54a380b04a61196752096240308ddb.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006203 00000000000 014533  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In a test that started on Monday and runs through Thursday, Disney World is requiring Hollywood Studios visitors to make advance reservations via the FastPass+ system if they want to hop aboard the popular Toy Story ride, an interactive “4D” attraction in which guests twist through a series of virtual carnival games while wearing 3D glasses. Normally, the wait time to ride Toy Story Mania can easily stretch over an hour, but the new reservation-only system means that Disney World guests won’t have the option of waiting it out in the standby queue.

A Disney spokesperson explained to the Orlando Sentinel that extra FastPass+ reservations for Toy Story Mania would be available during the course of the experiment. On the one hand, the move means that no one will have to endure agonizingly long lines for the ride. The FastPass+ system gives riders a time window when they are to arrive and hop on in a jiffy. On the other hand, some worry that all of the available pass times could be snatched up as soon as they’re available, and those who don’t snag a reservation early in the day will be shut out from riding.

What makes this four-day test potentially big news is that it could be a vision of how theme parks will operate on a broader scale in the future. Over the years, Walt Disney World and other theme parks have tweaked numerous policies that essentially kill spontaneity because they all but force guests to plot out plans for meals, rides, and more in advance. Disney guests have been instructed that if they want to bring their kids to a Character Breakfast or have dinner at one of the nicer park establishments, they should reserve weeks if not months before arrival. Likewise, the MyMagic+ wristband system introduced in early 2013 was created to help guests reserve meals, ride times, and more.

When theme park guests aren’t waiting in lines for hours, they’re happier, which works out for Disney and park visitors alike. What works out especially brilliantly for Disney is that when guests aren’t waiting in lines, they’re free to roam about in the areas where they’re apt to spend more money, such as gift shops and restaurants. After all, you can’t buy overpriced souvenirs while you’re stuck waiting on line.

In a post at Theme Park Insider, most Disney fans seem opposed to reservation-only rides. “I want a vacation, for Christ’s sake, and if I have to plan everything in advance, then it’s simply not fun anymore,” one commenter stated, bashing the entire swath of policies pushing guests to plot minute-by-minute plans ahead of time. Still, another commenter noted that Toy Story Mania reservations are “definitely needed for the ride. The queues are longer than any other attraction in the Disney parks.”

Love it or hate it, the shift to more reservations and less waiting in line seems like the way things are heading. “Everybody’s striving to improve the flow of the guest. That’s the wave of the future in our industry,” Dennis Speigel, president of International Theme Park Services, explained to the Orlando Sentinel. “It would not surprise me within the next 10 years that we see rides that are totally reserved.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0136375-7fe3f8b33becd65251c2e885637ffb45.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012407 00000000000 015221  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        August 3, 2015 5 min read

Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.

Everyone wants to know the secret to success, which is why we all look up to role models such as Bill Gates, Steve Jobs and Mark Zuckerberg. But one of the biggest lessons you can learn from them? It’s simply to worry only about the things that you can control, and ignore the rest.

There are many things that stop would-be founders that successful entrepreneurs simply don’t worry about. Here are 21 of them to get you started:

1. Failure

Successful entrepreneurs don’t worry about failing. Instead, they know that every failure leads to their next success.

2. Success

Many would-be founders are tripped up by fearing success. Successful entrepreneurs know that what they have to share is important, so they don’t fear being corrupted by success.

3. Happiness

This sounds odd, because successful entrepreneurs are often very happy. But the key is they don’t worry about it. They know that happiness comes when you’re doing the work you’re meant to do.

Related: To Thrive You Need to Wake Up to These 5 Hard Truths

4. Limits

Mary Kay Ash could have worried about the limits of being a woman in the 1960s, but she didn’t. Instead, she went on to found a massively successful company and encourage others to live their dreams.

5. Quitting

Successful business owners realize that quitting isn’t always bad. Sometimes you have to cut your losses and move on to another idea.

6. Charging what they’re worth

Great entrepreneurs never worry about what they charge. They know they’ve created enough value that they’re worth it.

7. Things that might go wrong

There’s no room in a successful entrepreneur’s mind for pessimistic thinking. If there’s an issue, they handle it, but they don’t invent problems.

8. Work-life balance

This may sound harsh, but the early stages of entrepreneurship require your all. Successful founders don’t worry about this -- they dig it and get it done.

9. What they didn’t do last week

Maybe last week wasn’t 100 percent productive, but those who are successful don’t worry about it. They’ve already moved on to what they can accomplish today.

10. Living someone else’s life

Steve Jobs famously urged those who heard him speak to live their own lives to the fullest. He never wasted his limited time worrying about others’ expectations.

11. Following the established rules

Famous for flouting the rules of how things “should be done,” Richard Branson doesn’t worry what others think. Instead, he follows his gut to make his ideas a reality.

12. Being safe

Successful entrepreneurs see life as an adventure. They don’t worry about being safe or doing the easy thing. They want to see and experience what life has in store for them each day.

Related: 4 Habits of Millionaires That Work for Everyone

13. Regret

Successful founders realize that we don’t regret the things we do, we regret the things we don’t do. As a result, they don’t worry about regret. They focus on seizing every opportunity that comes their way.

14. What they can’t do

Successful entrepreneurs know they can’t do everything, and they don’t worry about what they can’t do. They simply hire people to make up for their weaknesses and focus on their strengths.

15. Taking chances

Debbi Fields, the founder of Mrs. Fields cookies, knew that reaching her goals would mean taking chances such as giving away cookies to strangers for free. As a result of her efforts, she’s a household name with over 700 stores in 10 countries.

16. Why they can’t

Successful founders don’t worry about why they can’t do something. Instead, they think of ways around obstacles and discover how they can accomplish their goals.

17. Others’ success

Successful entrepreneurs realize that the world has room for a lot of different ideas. They don’t worry if someone else is already successful. They just focus on making their own contributions to the world.

18. Being wrong

Drew Houston, co-founder and CEO of Dropbox, said, “Don’t worry about failure. You only have to be right once.” Successful entrepreneurs don’t worry about being wrong -- they just keep looking for what’s right.

19. Having smart employees

Great entrepreneurs don’t worry about hiring team members that are smarter than themselves. They realize that they need to hire the best if they want their companies to succeed. They look for the A-players, and they aren’t threatened by them.

20. Being proved wrong

Successful founders are never afraid to test their assumptions. They’re more concerned with doing the right thing than with always being right.

21. Making tons of money

Ironically, chasing money is the surest way to not get it. Successful entrepreneurs don’t worry about getting rich. They focus on sharing the value they create with others and riches follow naturally.

Maybe you were surprised by some of the items on this list. Perhaps it makes perfect sense to you. Either way, you can learn a lot about business success by studying the things successful entrepreneurs never worry about.

Which of these 21 have you fallen victim to before? Share your experiences, and how you’ve handled them, by leaving a comment below.

Related: The Proven, Reasonable and Totally Unsexy Way to Become More Successful                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136337-43532898191753c729621d1cf29cb18e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002424 00000000000 014551  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        It's easy to focus on Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump as they represent the two major parties but Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson's name will also show up on the Georgia ballot.

Experts say third-party candidates can have an impact on a race.

Jill Stein is also a third-party candidate, representing the Green Party, but she is not named on the ballot as she is a qualified write-in candidate in Georgia.

There have been a few presidential races in recent years that have given had impacts on the final outcome.

Green party candidate Ralph Nader running in 2000 made waves and independent Ross Perot took about 14% of votes in Georgia in 1992.

Darton State College Political Science Professor Roger Marietta said third party candidates help offer a balance and choice to the people

"You could argue that people that vote for third parties are voters who wouldn't vote for the main candidates anyways. I think there's a lot of truth in that. Those people who said Ross Perot gave Bill Clinton the election I don’t think that’s true I think a lot of people wouldn’t have voted if they didn’t have Ross Perot," said Marietta.

Marietta also says he thinks the libertarian party has a chance to get double digit votes this year because of the unpopularity of the major party candidates.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0136336-7635a24598dc983211d38e4028c94cb0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002230 00000000000 014615  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        LOS ANGELES, Oct. 12 (UPI) — Katy Perry helped CoverGirl introduce their first ever male model whom she dubbed CoverBoy.

“Just wrapped another great @COVERGIRL shoot. Honored to have the pleasure to announce the very first COVERBOY, James Charles!” the pop star wrote on Instagram Tuesday alongside a photo of Perry standing next to Charles.

According to Billboard, Charles is a 17-year-old high-school senior who got the attention of the makeup brand from his Instagram account which has garnered over 500,000 followers.

CoverGirl and Charles each shared a video in which the teenager formally introduced himself.

“Hey guys, my name is James Charles and I’m a 17-year-old makeup artist! Today I am living out one of my biggest dreams and I’m currently on set for my first-ever TV commercial with CoverGirl. That’s right, I am a new CoverGirl,” he says in the clip.

Additionally, CoverGirl has shared a shot from their new ad campaign featuring Charles writing, “Meet @JCharlesBeauty: makeup artist, boundary breaker, and the newest COVERGIRL!”

Charles and Perry will be seen together in an upcoming series of print, TV and digital ads for CoverGirl.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0136382-260e0595e139e07b57f609106ce27707.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000042437 00000000000 014552  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        This article is part of an ongoing AlterNet series, "The Age of Fraud."

What do you get when you throw together economic fraudsters, plutocrats and opportunistic criminals? A financial crisis, that’s what. If you look back over the massive frauds that have swept the country in recent decades, from the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s to the 2007-'08 financial crash, this deadly combination always appears.

A dangerous cycle begins when prominent economists pander to plutocrats and bought politicians, who reward them with top posts, where they promote the perverse economic policies that cause fraud epidemics. Crises develop, and millions of people are ripped off. Those who fight for truth are ignored or ruined. The criminals get wealthier, bolder and more politically powerful, and go on to hatch even more devastating cons.

The three most recent financial crises in U.S. history were driven by a special type of fraud called “control fraud” — cases where the officers who control what look like legitimate entities use them as “weapons” to commit crimes. Each time, Alan Greenspan, former chairman of the Federal Reserve, played a catastrophic role. First, his policies created the fraud-friendly (criminogenic) environment that produces epidemics of control fraud, then he failed to identify those epidemics and incipient crises, and finally, he failed to counter them.

At the heart of Greenspan’s failure lies an ethical void in the brand of economics that has dominated American universities and policy circles for the last several decades, a brand known as “free market fundamentalism” or the “neoclassical school.” (I call it “theoclassical economics” for its quasi-religious belief system.) Mainstream economists who follow this school assert a deeply flawed and controversial concept known as the “efficient market hypothesis,” which holds that financial markets magically regulate themselves (they automatically “self-correct”) and are thus immune to fraud. When an economist starts believing in that kind of fallacy, he is bound to become blind to reality. Let’s take a look at what blinded Greenspan:

Greenspan knew that markets were “efficient” because the efficient market hypothesis is the foundational pillar underlying modern finance theory. Markets can’t be efficient if there is control fraud, so there must not be any. Wait, there are control frauds! Tens of thousands of them. Then control fraud must not really be harmful, or markets would not be efficient. Control fraud, therefore, must not be immoral. As crime boss Emilio Barzini put it in The Godfather, “It’s just business.”

As delusional and immoral as this “logic” chain is, many elite economists believe it. This warped perspective has spawned policies so perverse that they turn the world of finance into the optimal environment for criminals. The upshot is that most of our elite financial leaders and professionals have thrown integrity out the window, and we end up with recurrent, intensifying financial crises, de facto immunity for our most elite criminals, and the rise of crony capitalism. Let’s do a little time travel to see exactly how this plays out.

How to Stoke a Savings and Loan Fiasco

The Lincoln Savings and Loan Association of Irvine, California was at the center of the famous crisis that rocked the financial world in the 1980s. A once prudently run company morphed into a casino when S&L associations became deregulated and started doing risky business with depositors’ money. Businessman, GOP darling, and anti-pornography crusader Charles Keating, ironically nicknamed “Mr. Clean,” took over Lincoln in 1984 and got the casino rolling. (It was a special kind of casino where the games were rigged – and not in favor of newlywed brides who were the subject of sexual extortion in Casablanca.) In a classic case of control fraud, Keating devoted himself to turning the company into a weapon of mass financial destruction and a source of wealth for his family. Keating’s “weapon of choice” for his frauds was accounting.

Keating went on a spree buying land, taking equity positions in real estate projects, and purchasing junk bonds. In 1985, the Federal Home Loan Bank Board (FHLBB), where I was the staffer leading the regulation efforts, grew alarmed at the new activities of savings associations like Lincoln. So we made a rule: S&Ls could not put more than 10 percent of company assets in "direct investments” – an activity that led to very large losses.

Alan Greenspan, chairman of an economic consulting firm at the time, urged us to permit Lincoln Savings to go full steam ahead. His memo supporting Lincoln’s application to make hundreds of millions of dollars in direct investments praised the company’s management (Keating) and claimed that Lincoln Savings “posed no foreseeable risk of loss.”

The FHLBB rejected Lincoln’s request to exceed the rule’s threshold because direct investments were a superb vehicle for accounting fraud – they made it easy to hide losses and to create fictional income. Nevertheless, Lincoln continued to violate the rule and created fictional (backdated) board consents with hundreds of forged signatures to make it appear that the investments were “grandfathered” under the rule. The hundreds of millions of dollars in unlawful direct investments were used for fraudulent purposes by Lincoln Savings’ controlling officers and caused enormous losses – many of them to elderly citizens who were conned into buying the junk bonds of Lincoln Savings’ holding company. The massive losses on Lincoln’s illegal direct investments were a major reason those bonds were worthless.

Hoping to use his political clout to continue the fraud, Keating hired Greenspan to lobby the senators who eventually became the known as the “Keating Five.” I remember well when these senators intervened at Keating’s request to try to prevent me and my colleagues from taking an enforcement action (or conservatorship) that would have saved over a billion dollars. (I took the notes of that meeting, which led to the Senate ethics investigation of the Keating Five.) The cronyism was so thick in Washington that William Weld, then a top Department of Justice official and later the Republican governor of Massachusetts, actually tried to gin up a criminal investigation of the regulators rather than Keating at the request of Lincoln’s lawyers who had just left the DOJ! Eventually, Keating and many of the senior managers of Lincoln Savings were convicted of felonies and Lincoln Savings became the most expensive failure of the S&L debacle.

When you look back on this expensive fiasco, you see that the work of respected professional economists was frequently called upon to support the fraudulent activities. One of the ways Greenspan tried to advance Keating’s effort to have the courts strike down the direct investment rule was to use a study conducted by a less famous economist, George Benston, who showed that S&Ls that violated the direct investment rule earned higher profits than those who didn’t. So he recommended the rule be dropped. Small problem: In less than two years all 33 of the companies Benston studied had failed. Most were accounting control frauds in which executives cooked the books to show fictional profits.

Keating had a talent for obtaining endorsements from prominent economists. He got Daniel Fischel to conduct a study that purported to show that Lincoln Savings was the best S&L in America. Fischel invoked the efficient market hypothesis to opine that our examiners provided no useful information because the markets had already perfectly taken into account any information to which we had access. In reality, of course, this was nonsense, and Lincoln Savings was the worst S&L in the country.

Economists who pander to plutocrats have a great advantage over scholars in other fields: There is no reputational penalty among your peers for being dead wrong. Benston got an endowed chair at Emory, Fischel was made dean of the Univerisity of Chicago’s Law School, and Greenspan was made Chairman of the Fed. Those who got control fraud right and fought the elite scams and their powerful political patrons – people like Edwin Gray, head of the FHLBB, and Joe Selby, head of supervision in Texas – saw their careers ended.

Consider what that perverse pattern indicates about how badly ethics have fallen in the both economics and government.

How to Create a Regulatory Black Hole

Alan Greenspan was Ayn Rand’s protégé, but he moved radically to the wacky side of Rand on the issue of financial fraud. And that, friends, is pretty wacky. Greenspan pushed the idea that preventing fraud was not a legitimate basis for regulation, and said so in a famous encounter with Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) Chair Brooksley Born. “I don’t think there is any need for a law against fraud,” Born recalls Greenspan telling her. Greenspan actually believed the market would sort itself out if any fraud occurred. Born knew she had a powerful foe on any regulation.

She was right. Greenspan, with the rabid support of the Rubin wing of the Clinton administration, along with Republican Chairman of the Senate Banking Committee Phil Gramm, crushed Born’s effort to regulate credit default swaps (CDS). The plutocrats and their political allies deliberately created what’s known as a regulatory black hole – a place where elite criminals could commit their crimes under the cover of perpetual night.

Greenspan chose another Fed economist, Patrick Parkinson, to testify on behalf of the bill to create the regulatory black hole for these dangerous financial instruments. Parkinson offered the old line that efficient markets easily excluded fraud — otherwise, they wouldn’t be efficient markets! (Parkinson would later tell the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission in 2011 that the “whole concept” of a related financial instrument known as an “ABS CDO” had been an “abomination”). Greenspan’s successor richly rewarded Parkinson for being stunningly wrong in his belief: Ben Bernanke appointed Parkinson — who had no experience as a supervisor or examiner — as the Fed’s head of supervision.

Lynn Turner, former chief accountant of the SEC, told me of Greenspan’s infamous question to his group of senior officials who met at the Fed in late 1998 or early 1999 (roughly the same time as Greenspan’s conversation with Born): "Why does it matter if the banks are allowed to fudge their numbers a little bit?" What’s wrong with a “little bit” of fraud?

Conservatives often support the “broken windows” theory of criminal activity, which asserts that you stop serious blue-collar crime by cracking down on minor offenses. Yet mysteriously, they never apply the concept to white-collar financial crimes by elites. The little-bit-of fraud-is-ok concept got made into law in the Commodities Futures Modernization Act of 2000, which created the regulatory black hole for credit default swaps. That black hole was compounded by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the leadership of Wendy Gramm, spouse of Senator Phil Gramm.

Enron’s fraudulent leaders were delighted to exploit that black hole, because they were engaged in a massive control fraud. They appointed Wendy Gramm to their board of directors and proceeded to use derivatives to manipulate prices and aid their cartel in driving electricity prices far higher on the Pacific Coast. In a bizarre irony, the massive increase in prices led to the defeat of California Governor Gray Davis (the leading opponent of the cartel) and his replacement by Governor Schwarzenegger – a man who was part of the group that met secretly with Enron’s leadership to try to defeat Davis’s efforts to get the federal regulators to kill the cartel.

How damaging was Greenspan’s dogmatic and delusional defense of elite financial frauds in the case of Enron? If you look closely, you can see that Enron brought together all the critical elements of a financial crisis: big-time accounting control fraud, derivatives, cartels, and the use of off-balance sheet scams to inflate income and hide real losses and leverage. On top of all that, many of the world’s largest banks aided Enron and its extremely creative CFO Andrew Fastow to create frauds. The Fed could have responded by adopting and enforcing mandates to end the criminal practices that were driving the epidemic, but it didn’t. Instead, Greenspan and other Fed economists championed Enron’s leadership and cited the company as proof that regulation was unnecessary to prevent control fraud. They were so extreme that they attacked their own senior supervisors for daring to criticize the banks’ role in aiding and abetting Enron’s activities.

Later, when risky derivatives activities and control frauds at large financial institutions were pushing us toward the catastrophic crash of 2007-2008, the Fed took no meaningful action based on the lessons learned from Enron. Greenspan and the senior leadership of the Fed had learned absolutely nothing, which shows how disabling economic dogma is to regulators – making them worse than simply useless. They become harmful, again attacking their supervisors for criticizing the banks’ fraudulent “liar’s” loans. When Bernanke placed Patrick Parkinson (an economist blind to fraud by elite banksters) in a supervisory role at the Fed, he sealed the fate of millions of Americans whose financial well-being would be sucked right into that regulatory black hole – and removed the ability of the accursed supervisors to criticize the largest banks.

How to Protect Predatory Lenders

Finally, we come to the mortgage meltdown of 2008, when the entire housing industry went into freefall. Central to this crisis is the story of the liar's loan — mortgage-industry slang for a mortgage that a lender gives without checking tax returns, employment history, or anything else that might reliably indicate that the borrower can make the payments.

The Fed, and only the Fed, had authority under the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act (HOEPA) to ban liar’s loans by all lenders. At a series of hearings mandated by Congress, dozens of witnesses representing home mortgage borrowers and state and local criminal investigators urged the Fed to do this. The testimony included a study that found a 90 percent incidence of fraud in liar’s loans.

What did Greenspan and Bernanke do? Exactly nothing. They consistently refused to act.

Greenspan went so far as to refuse pleas to send Fed examiners into bank holding company affiliates to find the facts and collect data on liar’s loans. Simultaneously, the Fed’s economists dismissed the warnings from progressives about fraudulent liar’s loans as “merely anecdotal.” In 2005, the desperate Fed regulators, blocked by Greenspan from sending in the examiners to get data from the banks, resorted to simply sending a letter to the largest banks requesting information. The Fed supervisor who received the banks’ response to that letter termed the data “very alarming.”

If you suspect that the banks would typically respond to such requests by understating their problem assets significantly, then you have the right instincts to be a financial regulator.

By 2003, loan quality was so bad that it could only be explained as the inevitable product of endemic accounting control fraud and it continued to collapse through 2007 until the bubble burst. By 2006, over two million fraudulent liar’s loans were originated annually. We know that it was overwhelmingly lenders and their agents who put the lies in liar’s loans. Liar’s loans make the perfect “natural experiment” because no governmental entity ever required a lender or a purchaser (and that includes Fannie and Freddie) to make or purchase a liar’s loan. Banks made, and purchased, trillions of dollars in liar’s loans because doing so lined the pockets of their controlling officers.

The Fed’s leadership, dominated by economists devoted to false theory, was enraged when the Fed’s supervisors presented evidence of endemic control fraud by the most elite lenders, particularly in the making of fraudulent liar’s loans. How dare the supervisors criticize our most reputable bank CEOs by showing that they were making hundreds of thousands through scams?

Bernanke finally acted under Congressional pressure on July 14, 2008 to ban liar’s loans. He cited evidence of endemic fraud available since early 2006 – evidence which would have been available way back in 2001 had Greenspan moved to require examiners to study liar’s loans. Even in the face of overwhelming evidence, Bernanke delayed the ban for 18 months — one would not wish to inconvenience a fraudulent lender, after all.

We did not have to suffer this crisis. Economists who were not blinded by neoclassical theory, like George Akerlof (who won the Nobel Prize in 2001) and Christina Romer (adviser to President Obama from 2008-2010), had warned their colleagues about accounting control fraud and liar’s loans, as did criminologists and regulators like me. But Greenspan (and Timothy Geithner) refused to see the obvious truth.

Alan Greenspan had no excuse for assuming fraud out of existence, and his exceptionally immoral position on fraud and regulation proved catastrophic to America and much of the world. We cannot afford the price, measured in many trillions of dollars, over 10 million jobs, and endless suffering, of unethical economists.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0136298-cf6211b9f3ea7dc1ad90f9774905fcfb.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003433 00000000000 015354  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        One of the issues we discussed regarding the proposed cybersecurity bills in the Senate was the question of a regulatory system to identify best practices and require them for critical infrastructure. I was then, and remain, skeptical of the idea. One reason for my criticism was (and remains) my belief that in the long run, a civil tort/contract liability system will develop that will work more effectively and flexibly -- imposing costs on those who stint their cybersecurity efforts in an unreasonable manner. Today, Wired's Kim Zetter reports the first instance (at least the first that I know of) where a commercial institution (in this case a bank) has actually paid out a judgment ($345,000) to an account holder who had been hacked. As Zetter reports:

In a case watched closely by banks and their commercial customers, a financial institution in Maine has agreed to reimburse a construction company $345,000 that was lost to hackers after a court ruled that the bank’s security practices were “commercially unreasonable.” People’s United Bank has agreed to pay Patco Construction Company all the money it lost to hackers in 2009, plus about $45,000 in interest, after intruders installed malware on Patco’s computers and stole its banking credentials to siphon money from its account.

The underlying decision by the First Circuit, Patco Constr. Co. Inc. v. People's United Bank (1st Cir. July 2012) concluded that the Bank's reliance on password authentication and its decision to ignore certain transaction based flags (which had highlighted an unusually large off-shore fund transfer) was not good commercial practice. That's almost certainly correct and also almost certainly the right way to develop cybersecurity performance standards -- through a close, fact-bound and developmental process.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136344-3e23676825f68c2781eee27b59cf617f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000060366 00000000000 015017  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Who says that golf lacks a compelling mano-a-mano rivalry? In our ranking of the Top 100 Courses You Can Play, two heavy hitters have dominated the competition for more than a decade. Now, for the first time in 12 years, there’s a new Number One: Pebble Beach has reclaimed the top spot from Pacific Dunes. Mind you, Tom Doak’s design on the Oregon coast is no less brilliant. Rather, our judges were swayed by Pebble’s ongoing improvements. Since our last survey two years ago, Pebble has enhanced the seaside 17th (restoring the size of the green and revamping the bunkering) and smoothed out the wildly sloping 14th green, which had gotten out of control with modern green speeds. Beyond Pebble and Pacific, six rookies have catapulted their way onto the list, headed by urban legend Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point in the Bronx, N.Y., and by Gamble Sands, David McLay Kidd’s high-desert funfest in central Washington State. And kudos to Streamsong Resort’s Red course in Florida, a Bill Coore–Ben Crenshaw design that’s cracked the top 10. Could one of these newcomers challenge the Big Two for supremacy? Check back in 2018 for the answer. THE LIST 1. Pebble Beach Golf Links

Pebble Beach, Calif. ($495-$565) Site of five U.S. Opens, 70 PGA Tour events and countless photos of the Pacific Ocean, Pebble has been tweaked several times since its 1919 debut, yet even today there isn’t a more thrilling, spectacular stretch of holes anywhere than holes 7 through 10. And is there anything in golf that can compare with that final stroll up the par-5 18th as it curls to the left around the splendor of Carmel Bay? 2. Pacific Dunes

Bandon, Ore. ($85-$310) The highest-ranking American links, this 2001 Tom Doak creation checks in as one of the greatest modern designs in the world. It fits so majestically into its billowing terrain, it looks like it’s been there 100 years. Scattered blow-out bunkers, gigantic natural dunes, smartly contoured greens and Pacific panoramas are headliners. 3. Pinehurst Resort No. 2

Pinehurst, N.C. ($370-$480) Donald Ross’s 108-year-old chef d’oeuvre rolls gently and spaciously through tall Longleaf pines in the Carolina Sandhills, with holes culminating in the legendary “inverted saucer” greens that have confounded the game’s very best since they were first grassed in 1935. For the 2014 U.S. Open, a Coore-Crenshaw restoration brought back the tawny-edged fairways and native roughs last seen in the 1940s. 4. Bethpage State Park (Black)

Farmingdale, N.Y. ($78-$150) The Black scares golfers with a sign at the first tee: “Warning — The Black Course is an extremely difficult course which we recommend only for highly skilled golfers.” Among the highly skilled? Tiger Woods and Lucas Glover, who won the 2002 and 2009 U.S. Opens here. The “People’s Open,” as the 2002 edition came to be known, brutalized players with its Rees Jones-restored A.W. Tillinghast layout, owing to rugged, uphill par-4s, massive bunkers and wrist-fracturing rough. Woods was the only golfer to break par for 72 holes. 5. Whistling Straits (Straits)

Kohler, Wis. ($395-$460) Venue for the 2004, ’10 and ’15 PGA Championships, this 1998 Pete Dye design on Lake Michigan was once a poker table-flat military training base in World War II. Eventually it became a site for illegal dumping of toxic waste. Dye and owner Herb Kohler engineered a mind-boggling cleanup, moved three million cubic yards of dirt, trucked in 7,000 loads of sand to create the hills and bunkers, and repositioned the bluffs farther back from the shore. All Kohler told Dye was “I want the course to look like it’s in Ireland.” Mission accomplished. 6. The Ocean Course at Kiawah Resort

Kiawah Island, S.C. ($274-$374) A blend of tidal marsh carries, scrub-topped dunes and wildly undulating greens pair with 7,600 muscular yards to form a relentless mix of beauty and brawn. While architect Pete Dye has softened his greens and their surrounds over years, the Ocean Course remains among the toughest tests in the country. That’s what competitors in the 1991 “War by the Shore” Ryder Cup maintain; Rory McIlroy, who decimated the course in winning the 2012 PGA Championship, might feel differently. 7. TPC Sawgrass (Players Stadium)

Ponte Vedra Beach, Fla. ($350-$495) Venue for the PGA Tour’s Players Championship since 1982, Pete Dye’s imaginative, variety-filled and occasionally terror-inducing track has crowned winners such as Tiger Woods, Phil Mickelson, Greg Norman and Adam Scott. One of the wildest finishes took place in 2013, when Sergio Garcia, tied with Woods, splashed two tee shots at the infamous island-green 17th, made quadruple-bogey, and sunk to eighth place. Some sniff at its artificiality, yet for shotmaking options and memorable individual holes that require a blend of power and finesse, TPC Sawgrass has few peers. 8. Bandon Dunes

Bandon, Ore. ($85-$310) Bandon’s original course is a David McLay Kidd design draped atop craggy headlands above the Pacific. Ocean views stun the senses, along with bluff-top sand dunes sprinkled with Scotch broom and gorse bushes, coastal pines, crashing surf, wind-whipped tall native grasses, and stacked sod bunkers. The most memorable seaside tests are the par-4 fourth, the par-3 12th and the par-4 16th, each with eye-popping scenery and enjoyable risk/rewards. 9. Harbour Town Golf Links

Hilton Head Island, S.C. ($190-$380) A favorite of PGA Tour pros for more than 40 years, Harbour Town boasts the iconic candy cane-striped lighthouse that backdrops the 18th hole — and so much more. A place of subtle beauty, this is a shotmaker’s paradise where power takes a backseat to precision. Mixing live oaks, lagoons, tiny greens, bunkers banked by railroad ties and a closing stretch along the Calibogue Sound, this Pete Dye/Jack Nicklaus collaboration delights and terrorizes at every turn. 10. Streamsong Resort (Red)

Streamsong, Fla. ($85-$255) Streamsong dishes out a unique palette for Florida golf. Tall, odd-shaped sand piles, significant climbs and drops, firm, fast-running Bermuda fairways and lakes submerged in the sand spice the play on the Coore-Crenshaw-designed Red course. The uphill, 474-yard, par-4 opener sets the tone, with a drive over water and scrub. Most dramatic is the 208-yard, par-3 16th, a funky, stunning Biarritz hole, with a forced carry over water leading to a green that’s bisected by a massive hollow.

11. Old Macdonald

Bandon, Ore. ($85-$310) This 2010 Tom Doak/Jim Urbina collaboration features turnpike-wide landing areas and gigantic, heaving greens that are hard to miss. To get the ball into the hole, however, you’ll need to master angles, strategy, trajectory and the ground game, making for an Old World links experience second to none in the U.S. The course pays homage to the design style and template holes of C.B. Macdonald, American’s pioneer architect, though the most memorable hole is a Doak/Urbina original, the par-4 7th, where the elevated green peers down over the beach.

12. Bandon Trails

Bandon, Ore. ($85-$310) Unlike its elder Bandon siblings, “Trails” doesn’t cling to cliffs, but it’s no less spectacular. It opens in massive, scrub-covered dunes, then plunges into pine forest and touches linksy meadow before returning to dunesland. Along the way are stirring long views of the Pacific and a superb set of wildly different par-3s. 13. Pasatiempo Golf Club

Santa Cruz, Calif. ($240-$272) Par has been shaved from 74 to 70 since Dr. Alister MacKenzie’s finest public access course first opened in 1929, yet it seldom takes a beating, even at the hands of Ben Hogan, Byron Nelson or Tiger Woods, none of whom has bettered 67. How can such a pipsqueak in the yardage department play so difficult? Try rolling terrain that’s crisscrossed by barrancas, slender fairways hemmed in by trees, hordes of deep, artfully sculpted bunkers, Pacific Ocean breezes and nightmarishly quick, canted greens. 14. Streamsong Resort (Blue)

Streamsong, Fla. ($85-$255)

Hewn from the remnants of old phosphate mines, Streamsong Blue features a distinctive sand-based canvas that puts an emphasis on ground-game prowess. Tom Doak crafted fairways that cling to the terrain as if they’ve been here for thousands of years. Greens melt into their surrounds. Imaginative green-contouring forces players to think before approaching. After the dizzying panorama from the par-4 1st, the next stunner is the 203-yard, par-3 7th that demands a lake carry to a wildly undulating green cocooned in the sandhills. This is retro golf with modern trappings. 15. Spyglass Hill Golf Course

Pebble Beach, Calif ($395-$435) Part of the rotation for the PGA Tour’s Bing Crosby (now AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am) since 1967, this Robert Trent Jones Sr. design has been one of the Tour’s hardest layouts for nearly 50 years. Few have conquered its dune-flecked, oceanside start, nor its final 13 holes through the pines, except Phil Mickelson in 2005 and Luke Donald in 2006, when both posted astonishing 10-under-par 62s. 16. Shadow Creek North

Las Vegas, Nev. ($500) Tom Fazio and Steve Wynn demonstrated in 1990 that with sufficient money and imagination, there’s nothing that couldn’t be accomplished in golf course design. Hewn from flat, featureless desert, Shadow Creek emerged with rolling hills, a forest of pines, bursts of flowers and a network of creeks and lakes. 17. Chambers Bay Golf Course

University Place, Wash. ($100-$275) Controversial home to the 2010 U.S. Amateur and the 2015 U.S. Open, this 7,500-yard, walking-only, Robert Trent Jones II design unfolds atop an old gravel mine at the southeast tip of Puget Sound, 45 minutes south of Seattle. The eye candy commences at the first hole, a par-4 that shares a fairway with the 18th a la St. Andrews, amid 50-foot dunes. 18. Trump National Doral (Blue Monster)

Miami, Fla. ($250-$450) An extraordinary makeover from Gil Hanse and Jim Wagner took what had become a tired resort course and turned it into one of the toughest tests on the PGA Tour, a fire-breather that once again lived up to its name. Newly installed teeth in the form of added yardage, altered angles, contoured greens and steeper slopes around the putting surfaces have dramatically altered the layout, strengthening it in every way. 19. Blackwolf Run (River)

Kohler, Wis. ($285-$320) Often an afterthought to its sibling, Whistling Straits, Blackwolf Run’s River is a major venue in its own right. It played host to the 2012 U.S. Women’s Open, when nine of its holes paired with Blackwolf Run’s original front nine (now the back nine of the Meadow Valleys course). Dye’s typically penal hard edges along water hazards, ligament-snapping rough and nasty, steep, grass-faced bunkers are angst-inducing, but memorable holes abound, such as the remarkable short par-4 9th, with three legitimate options off the tee and the handsome, if brutal closing stretch of 16-18 that incorporates a twisting arm of the Sheboygan River.

20. Torrey Pines Golf Course (South)

La Jolla, Calif. ($110-$272) This clifftop, city-owned venue overlooking the Pacific Ocean in suburban San Diego stretches 7,600 yards, following a 2001 Rees Jones renovation that also moved greens closer to canyon edges. Jack Nicklaus, Tom Watson and Phil Mickelson have won Tour events here. Tiger Woods has dominated, with seven wins in the Farmers Insurance Open and one amazing U.S. Open victory in 2008. Omni Homestead (Cascades) Hole 16 21. Forest Dunes Golf Club

Roscommon, Mich. ($69-$149) An inspired Tom Weiskopf design three hours northwest of Detroit rolls through man-made sand dunes and red pine forests, with ground game options aided by firm, fast, rumpled fairways and perfectly groomed greens. Strategic tests such as the double-fairway, par-4 10th and the drivable par-4 17th, framed with sand and fescues, are superb. 22. Sea Island Golf Club (Seaside)

St. Simons Island, Ga. ($235-$320) Home to the PGA Tour since 2010, the venerable 88-year-old Seaside layout was redesigned by Tom Fazio in 1999. Marsh-tinged wetlands, bold bunkers and views of the Atlantic Ocean are highlights. Most remarkable was the 2012 event, when Tommy Gainey’s final-round 60 catapulted him over Davis Love, Jim Furyk and David Toms for the win. 23. Erin Hills Golf Course

Erin, Wisc. ($265-$280) Thirty-five miles northwest of Milwaukee, Erin Hills occupies a massive, topsy-turvy spread of ridges, dunes and fescue grasses, lending an Ireland-in-the-Heartland ambiance — but no Emerald Isle course stretches to 7,823 yards, as this one does. Designed by Michael Hurdzan, Dana Fry and Ron Whitten, Erin Hills controversially was chosen to host the 2017 U.S. Open before it had fully established itself. Yet, it proved worthy as host to the 2008 U.S. Women’s Public Links event, and again at the 2011 U.S. Amateur. A few ill-advised design changes by the original owner have now been reversed and today, Erin Hills boasts a formidable test of modern links-style shotmaking, with contour, angles, varied green sites and Old World bunkering. 24. Kapalua Resort (Plantation)

Kapalua, Maui, Hawaii ($219-$299) Home to the PGA Tour’s Hyundai Tournament of Champions, this 1991 Bill Coore/Ben Crenshaw creation features extra-wide landing areas draped atop a former pineapple plantation. Past winners Tiger Woods, Sergio Garcia and Ernie Els have each conquered the downhill-plunging 508-yard, par-4 17th and the 663-yard, par-5 18th, both with jungle-strewn canyons to the left and Pacific Ocean views beyond. 25. Troon North Golf Club (Pinnacle)

Scottsdale, Ariz. ($39-$279) Tucked into the shadows of Pinnacle Peak and down the block from the Four Seasons Resort Scottsdale, this Weiskopf/Morrish creation zigzags through boulders and cacti, at times leapfrogging dry desert washes and at others, skirting mountain slopes. Daunting forced carries and strategic risk/reward options elevates the Pinnacle for strong players. 26. Omni Homestead (Cascades)

Hot Springs, Va. ($100-$195) Sloping fairways, gurgling brooks, tree-shrouded mountains and library-like tranquility fuel a round of golf at this 1923 William Flynn design that demands artful shotmaking, of the likes once favored by native son Sam Snead, who grew up here. Cascades serves up a dazzling array of lies, stances and imaginative shots you will be asked to manufacture, with the first 12 holes hemmed in by thick woods. The last six open up and strategy options abound. 27. Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles

Rancho Palos Verdes, Calif. ($160-$280) The world’s only Donald J. Trump Signature design will have you fired up to experience its spectacular bluff-top setting above the Pacific, some 40 minutes south of LAX. Draped atop cliffs amid the rolling horse country of the Palos Verdes Peninsula, no course in America offers such exquisite ocean vistas for four and a half hours. Pete Dye and Tom Fazio contributed to Trump’s original design and most recently, Gil Hanse has installed some classical features. 28. The Highland Course at Primland Resort

Meadows of Dan, Va. ($135-$220) Deep in the Blue Ridge Mountains, 20 miles north of the North Carolina border, English architect Donald Steel draped the Highland course across mountain peaks and into valleys that edge a River Dan gorge. He also outfitted the layout with deep bunkers and closely mown green surrounds that place an emphasis on precise approaches. At 3,000 feet elevation, the fall color palette is rich. 29. Caledonia Golf and Fish Club

Pawleys Island, S.C. ($69-$209) Don’t let Caledonia’s miniscule 6,526 back tee yardage fool you: Stands of hardwoods, lakes, wetlands and imposing live oaks whose branches swat away stray shots like Tim Duncan make this 1994 Mike Strantz design a complete test of shotmaking. An antebellum clubhouse and 18th hole that border an old rice plantation and the Waccamaw River completes a pretty picture.

30. Fallen Oak at Beau Rivage Resort

Biloxi, Miss. ($200) Picture Shadow Creek drenched in Deep South aesthetics and you have another Tom Fazio-MGM masterpiece, 20 minutes inland from the coastal Beau Rivage. Fallen Oak dishes out streams, orchards, lakes and wetlands, along with Fazio’s sprawling bunkers—plus an Acadian-style, Southern Mansion clubhouse. 31. Cog Hill (No. 4)

Lemont, Ill. ($155) Former Western Open/BMW Championship venue Cog Hill in the southwestern Chicago suburbs became Tiger Woods’ personal playground. In 14 appearances, he triumphed five times between 1997 and 2009. Dick Wilson and Joe Lee crafted Cog Hill in 1964. More than 50 years later, Rees Jones added new back tees and reworked bunkers and greens to restore the dread in a course nicknamed, “Dubsdread.” 32. Mauna Kea Golf Course

Kamuela, Big Island, Hawaii ($165-$275) Robert Trent Jones lists this 1964 Big Island layout as among his five favorite designs (of more than 500) and it’s easy to see why. It boasts his signature characteristics: long tees, propped-up greens protected by yawning traps and man-sized carries over water—notably at the 272-yard, par-3 third hole, which skirts the Pacific Ocean. 33. Dancing Rabbit (Azaleas)

Choctaw, Miss. ($70-$150) This undulating 1997 Tom Fazio/Jerry Pate design 70 miles northeast of Jackson darts through thick forest for most of its journey, on a canvas ribboned with creeks, wetlands and in springtime, countless azaleas, notably at the par-4 sixth and the par-3 13th, both boasting amphitheater settings. If your luck runs out at the long, watery, par-4 18th, you can find it again down the street at the Pearl River Resort. 34. Paa-Ko Ridge Golf Club

Sandia Park, N.M. ($62-$117) Situated between 6,500 and 7,000 breathtaking feet on the eastern side of the Sandia Mountains, 25 minutes from Albuquerque, Paa-Ko dishes out a series of option-laden desert jewels that tumble through junipers, cedars and pines, forming a surprisingly green backdrop to many holes. However, numerous rock outcroppings, sagebrush and arroyos remind you that you’ll still in the desert. 35. World Woods (Pine Barrens)

Brooksville, Fla. ($40-$119) With its forced carries over sandy waste areas and pine-framed, risk/reward holes, Pine Barrens is intended to resemble Pine Valley, but this 1993 Tom Fazio design is more player-friendly and much easier to get onto. It’s an hour-plus ride north of Tampa into Nowheresville, but well worth the journey. The 330-yard, split-fairway, drivable par-4 15th is a standout. 36. Arcadia Bluffs Golf Club

Arcadia, Mich. ($85-$190) Top teacher Rick Smith and design associate Warren Henderson teamed in 1998 to craft this headlands course that peers down at Lake Michigan early and often, inevitably in spectacular fashion. With breezes off the lake, tawny fescues and tall sand dunes, the course professes a linksy feel, without being quite as bouncy as a true links, but at least the wide fairways and large greens make for extra playability in the wind. 37. The Greenbrier (Old White TPC)

White Sulphur Springs, W. Va. ($250-$425) Following a sensitive 2007 restoration by Lester George, this 102-year-old C.B. Macdonald-Seth Raynor effort has charmed the old admirers and wowed the new ones. The PGA Tour has played here since 2010, amid the rolling terrain in the foothills of the Allegheny Mountains and players delight in the classic accents, such as the Redan par-3 8th, Punchbowl par-4 9th and Eden par-3 15th. Devastating floods closed the course in June 2016. It’s scheduled to reopen in 2017. 38. Pronghorn Golf Club and Resort (Nicklaus)

Bend, Ore. ($95-$215) This 2004 creation didn’t reach mass appeal until it opened its doors to outside play in 2010. Since then, folks have been scaling the snow-topped Cascades for a chance to duel with this sagebrush-lined, high desert treat that’s dotted with lava rock ridges and juniper trees, notably at the lake-guarded, dogleg-right, 378-yard, par-4 13th. 39. Dunes Golf and Beach Club

Myrtle Beach, S.C. ($100-$215) The Dunes is a 1948 Robert Trent Jones Sr. creation that sports the master’s celebrated elevated greens, strategically deployed water hazards and heroic shot values, notably at the vaunted 590-yard, par-5 13th, that doglegs 110 degrees to the right around Lake Singleton. Double bogeys and alligators await any sliced shot.

40. We-Ko-Pa Golf Club (Saguaro)

Fort McDowell, Ariz. ($75-$235) Bill Coore and Ben Crenshaw’s 2006 gem may lack the in-your-face drama of its sibling the Cholla, but its jaw-dropping mountain vistas are no less impressive and its subtle strategies are superior. Rolling, tilted, walkable fairways, imaginative green contouring, cactus-covered hillsides and no homes or roads make for a remarkable back-to-nature experience. 41. Reynolds Lake Oconee (Great Waters)

Greensboro, Ga. ($159-$245) Few courses so successfully fuse beauty, challenge and playability as this 1992 effort that hugs the shoreline of Lake Oconee for nearly the entire back nine. Tall pines frame most of the holes, but the essence of the course centers on superior risk/reward tests such as the par-4 9th, par-4th 11th and par-5 18th, each of which challenges the mind and delights the eye with lakeside peril. 42. Taconic Golf Club

Williamstown, Mass. ($100-$160) Abutting the postcard perfect campus of Williams College in Williamstown, Mass., Taconic blends heart-of-the-Berkshires charm with superb shotmaking challenges. Trivia buffs: 16-year-old Jack Nicklaus aced the par-3 14th hole in a practice round at the 1956 U.S. Junior Amateur. Still, it’s the 470-yard, downhill, par-4 11th that will set your camera clicking. 43. Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point

Bronx, N.Y. ($194-$255) New York City finally has a track to challenge Bethpage Black for public-access state supremacy. This Jack Nicklaus creation, with John Sanford consulting, is a treeless faux-links, complete with dunes and fescue grasses framing the fairways and options around the greens. Most memorable, however, are the Gotham visuals, from the Whitestone Bridge to the East River to the Manhattan skyline. 44. Manele Golf Course

Lanai City, Lanai, Hawaii ($325) Jack Nicklaus’ 23-year-old hillside layout in the shadow of the Four Seasons Resort is best known for its incomparable 202-yard, par-3 12th, its green and tees separated by vertical cliff faces and the crashing surf of Hulopo’e Bay 150 feet below. The rest of the course isn’t far behind, with holes twisting among black lava outcroppings above the Pacific Ocean. 45. Arnold Palmer’s Bay Hill Club and Lodge (Challenger/Champion)

Orlando, Fla. ($90-$324) Arnold Palmer and Bay Hill have been synonymous since 1965, when Arnie shot 66 and waxed Jack Nicklaus in an exhibition. Four years later, Arnie bought the place. Tiger Woods owns eight Tour triumphs at Bay Hill and captured the 1991 U.S. Junior Amateur here—his first USGA victory. Gently rolling—unusual for Florida—and splashed with lakes, bunkers and doglegs, Bay Hill favors shotmakers, as well as someone with nerves, as the watery two-hole finish is as scary as they come. 46. We-Ko-Pa Golf Club (Cholla)

Fort McDowell, Ariz. ($75-$235) We-Ko-Pa’s original course, designed by Scott Miller in 2001, zigzags through cactus-framed canyons, climb atop ridges and offer stunning vistas of Four Peaks Mountain and Red Mountain, with nary a home or road in sight. Three split-fairway holes are Cholla highlights. 47. The Links at Spanish Bay

Pebble Beach, Calif. ($280-$320) This undeniably gorgeous layout begins at the Pacific Ocean, eases through marshes and dunes, climbs into the forest and finally returns to the sea. The green at the par-5 first affords a sweeping panorama of the waters of Spanish Bay, clear out to the spit of land known as Point Joe, which serves as home to the Restless Sea, where ocean and bay currents collide, creating a tumult of foamy, white sea spray. 48. Gamble Sands

Brewster, Wash. ($85-$160) GOLF Magazine’s Best New Course winner of 2014 is a David McLay Kidd design in central Washington that serves up extra-wide, firm fairways that zigzag around massive sand ridges and heavily contoured greens that place significant emphasis on ground game options. The rugged, high-desert scenery includes Columbia River views and vistas of the snow-capped northern Cascades. 49. Bulle Rock

Havre de Grace, Md. ($79-$130) Five times the venue for the LPGA Championship, this beautiful 18-year-old brute from Pete Dye that’s situated 40 minutes north of Baltimore unfolds over rolling, tree-lined terrain for 7,375 yards and enjoys several grin-inducing vistas of Chesapeake Bay. The 485-yard, par-4 final hole with water down the entire left side is one of the Mid-Atlantic’s most memorable closers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136366-cdc99721a28d248ddeadc35dc1f6aad7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007372 00000000000 015505  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Sen. Max Baucus Max Sieben BaucusOvernight Defense: McCain honored in Capitol ceremony | Mattis extends border deployment | Trump to embark on four-country trip after midterms Congress gives McCain the highest honor Judge boots Green Party from Montana ballot in boost to Tester MORE (D-Mont.) said Wednesday he fears a "train wreck" as the Obama administration implements its signature healthcare law.

ADVERTISEMENT

Baucus, the chairman of the chamber's powerful Finance Committee and a key architect of the healthcare reform law, said he fears people do not understand how the law will work.

"I just see a huge train wreck coming down," he told Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius Kathleen SebeliusIs a presidential appointment worth the risk? New Dem Kansas gov reinstates protections for LGBT state employees Next Kansas governor to reinstate LGBT protections for state workers MORE at a Wednesday hearing. "You and I have discussed this many times, and I don't see any results yet."

Baucus pressed Sebelius for details about how the Health Department will explain the law and raise awareness of its provisions, which are supposed to take effect in just a matter of months.

"I'm very concerned that not enough is being done so far — very concerned," Baucus said.

More from The Hill:

♦ CISPA amendment could address privacy concerns

♦ Unsolved 2003 ricin attacks targeted fed trucking regs

♦ Manchin, Toomey: Background check bill may fall short

♦ Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE considering White House bid

♦ Court papers: Sanford had 'pattern' of entering ex-wife's home

♦ Sens. Grassley, Cruz roll out alternative gun bill



He pressed Sebelius to explain how her department will overcome entrenched misunderstandings about what the healthcare law does.

"Small businesses have no idea what to do, what to expect," Baucus said.

Citing anecdotal evidence from small businesses in his home state, Baucus asked Sebelius for specifics about how it is measuring public understanding of the law.

"You need data. Do you have any data? You've never given me data. You only give me concepts, frankly," he said.

Sebelius said in response that the administration is not independently monitoring public awareness of specific provisions but will be embarking on an education campaign beginning this summer.

Baucus is facing a competitive reelection fight next year, and Republicans are sure to attack him over his role as the primary author of the healthcare law.

A messy rollout of the law's major provisions, months before Baucus faces voters, could feed into the GOP's criticism.

Wednesday's hearing wasn't the first time Democrats, including Baucus, have raised concerns about the implementation. But while other lawmakers have toned down their public comments as they've gotten answers from the Health secretary, Baucus said Sebelius has not addressed his fears.

"I'm going to keep on this until I feel a lot better about it," Baucus told Sebelius.

A recent Kaiser Family Foundation poll found deep and persistent misconceptions about the healthcare law. Public awareness was highest for the most politically unpopular provisions, and many people wrongly believed the law contains provisions like a "death panel" to make decisions about end-of-life care.

Enrollment in the healthcare law's insurance exchanges is slated to begin in October, for coverage that begins in January. Baucus, though, said he's worried exchanges won't be ready in time.

"For the marketplaces to work, people need to know about them," he said. "People need to know their options and how to enroll."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136378-7c0a51219ac7ded286c6edfe7afb5e1b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015253 00000000000 015503  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Donald Trump Jr is a curious beast. Of all the hotheads around his hotheaded father, the oldest son leads the charge in confirming the president’s very worst instincts.

If there’s a public spat with the media, you can find Trump Jr throwing his own punches. If there’s an ultra-rightwing gadfly (inside the White House or just on the internet), you can find Trump Jr heartily endorsing their comments.

And now we know: if there’s a Russian stranger offering up dirt on his political opponents, Trump Jr will happily sit down with them.

The younger Donald may have many talents. His Twitter bio cites, for instance, his position as “Boardroom Advisor on The Apprentice”. Those capital letters add a surprising degree of gravitas to this part of his résumé.

But whatever his talents, good judgment is not one of them. Nor is honesty.

Donald Trump Jr faces calls to testify before Senate over Russia meeting Read more

First the facts, as we know them so far: Trump Jr agreed to meet with a Kremlin-connected lawyer at Trump campaign headquarters just two weeks after his father clinched the Republican presidential nomination. The meeting took place with the then campaign chairman, Paul Manafort, and Trump Jr’s brother-in-law, Jared Kushner.

When the New York Times first confronted Trump Jr about the meeting, his explanation was that the meeting was primarily about adoptions. He mentioned nothing about a certain presidential candidate called Hillary Clinton.

“It was a short introductory meeting,” he said in a statement. “I asked Jared and Paul to stop by. We primarily discussed a program about the adoption of Russian children that was active and popular with American families years ago and was since ended by the Russian government, but it was not a campaign issue at the time and there was no follow up.”

The next day, when confronted with confidential documents, Trump Jr told a very different story. It is worth reading that new explanation in detail to understand the twists and turns of his mind, at this point in time.

“I was asked to have a meeting by an acquaintance I knew from the 2013 Miss Universe pageant with an individual who I was told might have information helpful to the campaign,” he began in his updated statement. This much is clear: Junior took the meeting with a Russian national because he expected “information helpful to the campaign”.

“I was not told her name prior to the meeting,” he continued. “I asked Jared and Paul to attend, but told them nothing of the substance. We had a meeting in June 2016,” he continued.

This is a curious addition to the narrative. Trump Jr took the meeting without knowing the identity of the person involved, based solely on the word of “an acquaintance” from a Miss Universe pageant. That acquaintance turns out to be a former tabloid journalist called Rob Goldstone, who took a selfie on the day after Trump’s election wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the giant red word: RUSSIA.

But let’s get back to Junior’s story, shall we? “After pleasantries were exchanged, the woman stated that she had information that individuals connected to Russia were funding the Democratic National Committee and supporting Ms Clinton,” he explained. “Her statements were vague, ambiguous and made no sense. No details or supporting information was provided or even offered. It quickly became clear that she had no meaningful information.”

This is apparently meaningful for the president’s eldest son. It is not in dispute that his intent was to obtain damaging information about the Clinton campaign from a Russian national. His only defense for apparently wanting to collude with an unknown foreign national was that nothing moved forward because she had no supporting information.

At this point, the Russian – a lawyer we now know to be named Natalia Veselnitskaya – changed the subject to the Magnitsky Act and adoptions. Magnitsky represents a series of US sanctions designed to punish Russian officials for human rights abuses, notably the violent death in custody of a lawyer investigating fraud by tax officials. The Russian response was to ban US adoptions of Russian children, among other tit-for-tat measures. “My father knew nothing of the meeting or these events,” Trump Jr concludes.

There is so much that is troubling about this latest version of events that it is hard to know where to begin. By his own admission, the president’s oldest son took a meeting with the most senior campaign officials and Trump advisers with an unknown Russian national. In the months since, the entire Trump White House and campaign denied such meetings vehemently.

Worse, he took the meeting – along with the most senior campaign staff – in the hope and expectation of receiving damaging information about his campaign opponent. All from a Russian national introduced by an acquaintance, with no other background information about her.

This is clear proof both of malicious intent and a desire to collude with Kremlin-connected Russian nationals, whether or not this particular collusion moved forward. Trump Jr was sending a clear signal to Putin’s allies and operatives that he was open for business. He also seems unclear about why Magnitsky involves something that goes far beyond US adoptions of Russian children.

It isn’t hard to see what the alternative could and should have looked like. Ethical conduct has been the standard for presidential campaigns stretching back decades, until the Trumps took center stage.

Consider George HW Bush’s advice to his family in May 1988, at a similar point to Trump’s Russia meeting. “As we move closer to November, you’ll find you’ve got a lot of new friends,” he wrote. “They may become real friends. Or if the polls show Dukakis kicking us – there might be some friendships that will vaporize. They’ll ask for things – ‘Do you know anyone at commerce? Can you call Joe Doakes at state?’

“My plea is this: please do not contact any federal agency or department on anything … I know I must sound very defensive but – believe me – every effort will be made to find some phone call, some inquiry, some letter, that can be made to appear improper.”

There’s nothing wrong with Trump Jr fighting for his father’s election. There’s nothing wrong with him punching back against his critics. You might expect him to do nothing less.

But there’s everything wrong with his ethics, his readiness to lie and obfuscate, and his desire to dig up dirt through any Russian operative who walked through the door.

By doing so, he just moved the whole FBI investigation – and the impeachment machine – several yards closer to the Oval Office. For that alone, his judgment is nothing short of disastrous.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136388-5d02644f15ee9037db8efec0ad8b8084.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000030632 00000000000 015211  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        **********

Translator: TranslationChicken

**********

Editor: TranslationChicken

(Thank you Jeffry, Aaron, MrAwesome for helping with proofreading on the Live Draft!!! <3)

**********

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI, THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE: HTTP://NCODE.SYOSETU.COM/N2267BE/209/

Previous Chapter: https://translationchicken.com/2017/09/01/rezero-arc-4-chapter-42-the-value-of-a-life-part-22/

ARC 4

THE EVERLASTING COVENANT

Chapter 43 [And Then Everyone Was――]

――What woke him was the feeling of water drops dripping onto his face.

The steady rhythm of cold droplets splashing on his cheek pulled his consciousness upward. And alongside the awakening of his consciousness, an acute sense of being alive slowly permeated throughout his body.

Simply put, it was that primal and intense sensation which required no words to convey―― Pain.

[Subaru: ……dgah]

As if to welcome Subaru’s awakening, agonizing pain embraced him with open arms. Once the initial shock was felt, there was no way to avoid the rest of the onslaught.

His cracked forehead, his mangled right arm, and his spine that was marred by the extreme impact all shrieked with pain. But, far exceeding all of them, was,

[Subaru: this’s b..ad……]

Directing his gaze towards the source of the razor-sharp pain, Subaru found that a branch as thick as two fingers had skewered him through the area under his right collarbone. Its point was slick with blood, and as much as Subaru rallied his resolve to pull it out it in spite of the pain, it refused to budge an inch.

Fortunately, the branch was broken on the way down, so, as long as Subaru ignored it visually, it wouldn’t do much to impede his movements.

[Subaru: way too eccentric…… this fashion……]

Somehow managing to get his unresponsive body to move and sitting himself up, Subaru leaned into a nearby rock-face to catch his breath. Looking over his surroundings, he found himself at the entrance of a small cave. Apparently, the water dripping onto his face was the morning dew falling from the top of the cave’s mouth. ――But morning dew would mean,

[Subaru: it’s morning……!?]

As Subaru understood the heartless passage of time, intense pain coursed up his trembling body as though the back of his eye was painted red and his entire body was pierced by needles. A tear rose in his single eye as his thoughts slowly caught up.

What happened to him before he lost consciousness? Recalling it,

[Subaru: ――a]

Subaru remembered what senseless tragedy his existence had brought.

Timidly gazing upwards, he saw the daylight penetrating between the gaps of the trees and into the forest. Bathed in that light, Subaru looked up towards the slope from which he fell―― wondering what kind of scene was awaiting him there.

[Subaru: ――ng]

Gulping down a breath, tormented by the guilt of not dying straight away, Subaru crawled at a caterpillar’s pace, heading towards the other side of the slope.

Although his movements were hindered by the branch jutting from his chest, slowly but surely, he drew closer with time.

If this was the old Subaru, just imagining the scene that was awaiting him would have gripped him with horror, and he would probably have run away, refusing to look. But the current Subaru would not permit that.

He must see it to the end, swallow it down, and make it his food.

Because this was the duty of Natsuki Subaru, having failed to die when he should have.

[Subaru: hha……hhaa]

With one crawl, and then another, he dragged himself up the slope with only his upper body off the ground. His breath panting, sweat soaking the dried wounds on his forehead, blood seeped out once more. He rudely wiped at it with his sleeve, soiling his face with mud and blood as he crawled.

Crawling past a totaled carriage, passing around a large toppled tree, Subaru’s fingers reached the destined rim of the slope―― the spot from which Patrasche threw him in her sacrifice.

[Subaru: ――――]

For a moment, there was hesitation.

By raising his head and extending his neck to peek over, Subaru would be faced with the inescapable reality. He will no longer be able to escape into his imagination and indulge in the fantasy that some miracle might have occurred after he was driven away and that the majority of the refugees had managed to escape.

[Subaru: What am I, stupid? ……no, I am stupid]

Without a doubt, in his one sided vision, Subaru had witnessed the moment Patrasche was crushed under the beast’s jaw. After offering her all for Subaru, the instant of that loyal dragon’s death was still branded into the back of Subaru’s eyelids. To pretend that it was a dream or to escape into some convenient fantasy was nothing less than to insult her, who had sacrificed the very last embers of her life for Subaru.

Igniting the flame of conviction in his heart, Subaru wrenched out what little willpower he had left and opened his eye. Pushing himself up on his stomach, through the thick branches obstructing his vision and beyond the opening forest, in the scene of the tragedy――

[Subaru: ――――h?]

There was nothing.

Nothing at all.

[Subaru: how is that…… pos…ble?]

With his face still twisted from imagining the carnage that was supposed to have panned out before him, Subaru’s eye bulged in disbelief, unable to accept the scene that dawned on his sight.

There were scattered wrecks of carriages and several uprooted trees. Claw marks were still gouged deep into the ground, and there were signs of destruction and resistance all over.

And yet, the most heartbreaking sight was not there.

The remnants of the slaughter. The corpses of the villagers who, in the truest sense of the words, gave their lives so Subaru could escape. The corpse of the ground dragon who was torn in two for her loyalty.

They were all nowhere to be found.

[Subaru: ――――]

The beast and the battle could not have been a dream. The scattered wreckages proved this. Only, the consequence of the tragedy was missing.

With great effort, Subaru used a nearby tree to pull himself up. Fortunately, after the initial shock had passed, the wounds in his leg and hips were no more than superficial scrapes and bruises. He stood up, holding his right arm steady with his left to stop it from hurting from the motion of dangling. And, looking over his surroundings,

[Subaru: Ho..w? Where’s Patrasche…… everyone…… Otto?]

He didn’t want to see their corpses.

Honestly, he would like nothing more than if everyone survived. But there was no way for that kind of pipe dream to be true. Subaru, of all people, knew this in his very cells

After all, before Subaru lost consciousness, he had already witnessed several lives being extinguished by the beast’s claws.

The scrawny youth fought to the end, but without leaving even a single scratch, he was crushed. There was the woman who lost her life when she was tossed out from the dragon carriage that was sent flying. And the old man was snapped like a dried twig by a single swing of the beast’s claw, leaving nothing but a miserable corpse behind.

With every remembered death, pain and regret shaved away at Subaru’s heart. Yet, even so, those deaths that he supposedly witnessed here had somehow been stolen from this place.

[Subaru: Patrasche…… Patrasche……?]

Thinking of the lives that were lost, Subaru feebly and despairingly called his partner’s name.

The moment her body was torn in two, and the pain of her final gasp, Subaru had certainly seen and heard it, so he had no fleeting hopes that she could still be alive.

Nevertheless, he had wanted to find her soul-departed remains, and apologize. It was something only Subaru could do.

His steps dragged, and his body was near exhaustion. The search was slow and feeble, and it took all of two hours just to explore the surrounding area.

But despite spending all this time, all Subaru found was,

[Subaru: Luggage mixed with the wreckages, scraps of clothes, and……]

Massive amounts of blood.

Just as Subaru imagined with near-certainty, everything carved by the beast’s claws was accompanied by mass volumes of blood. He had expected there to be the choking stench of blood drifting about the scene, but perhaps because the blood clotting up Subaru’s nose canal had deprived him of his olfactory senses, he didn’t smell a thing.

He had already assembled enough evidence that the fact could not be denied. Yet the only piece he could not find was the conclusive proof itself, and how it came to be lost was enshrouded in mystery.

Even more importantly, it was while searching through the surroundings, that the extremely belated question finally burned into his mind. That is――

[Subaru: Why wasn’t I.. killed……?]

He didn’t finish Subaru off―― although Subaru surviving all those wounds may have been difficult to believe, it would still have been far too careless to have gone back without at least inspecting the body. After all, Subaru was Garfiel’s target to begin with.

Even though he still couldn’t understand why Garfiel would turn his claws to the refugees, he might have done it to teach Subaru a lesson.

But if that were the case, there would be even less reason for the bodies to disappear.

[Subaru: Even if… they were carried away……]

There were 42 refugees in total. Even if everyone turned into a corpse, it would still be too unrealistic to tow them all away, not to mention Patrasche and the other ground dragons as well.

[Subaru: But still……]

He didn’t want to imagine it, but if they were swallowed into the great beast’s belly―― yet, for the same numerical problem, it wasn’t a realistic theory. At least, while it was conceivable how they could be carried away, what was inconceivable was how they could afford the labor required to hide the bodies from sight.

In the end, before even considering whether the tiger would do such a roundabout thing, the crucial question was why it didn’t make an effort to finish the wounded Subaru off.

[Subaru: ――――]

Suddenly, it occurred to him just how much this scene resembled the depopulated Sanctuary.

Although the conditions leading up to it were different, the results had many points in common. All the signs of the surrounding destruction were from the great tiger’s rampage, and unrelated to the tiger and the refugee’s disappearance. If one looked past the this most striking aspect of the scene, the two were eerily similar in that there were no bodies in sight.

In other words,

[Subaru: Th-the Sanctuary would be in the same state as last time too……?]

His breath growing ragged as he came to that conclusion, Subaru once again used up all his strength to stand. Then, looking over his surroundings, he deduced the direction of the Sanctuary.

――This was the morning of the sixth day.

Last night was probably the deadline for the Mansion. Although he could not say for certain, if Elsa’s attack took place, then it was already too late to prevent the tragedy.

On the Sanctuary’s side, something must have happened that made the tiger-morphed Garfiel abandon the thought of dealing Subaru the final blow. That something must have also been the reason why everyone here disappeared. But why the same thing didn’t happen to Subaru remained completely unknown.

[Subaru: ――――]

Which way to go? Subaru hesitated for only a moment.

A warmth passing through his chest sent a faint ache across his heart. It was the inseverable sensation of guilt and remorse for the girl, still in her slumber, and all those he left in the Mansion.

Clenching his teeth, Subaru shook off these emotions and turned his steps to the Sanctuary.

With slow, dragging steps, in order to find out what had happened, Subaru made his way towards the Sanctuary.

What was waiting for him ahead? So that he could burn something worthy of the lives that were lost into his memories, he intended to spend this life for that redemption, even if only for the smallest hint to increase his chances of prevailing in the end.

※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※ ※

Next part 2/2: https://translationchicken.com/2017/09/07/rezero-arc-4-chapter-43-and-then-everyone-was%E2%80%95%E2%80%95-part-22/

===

Next part should be ready tomorrow! ❤

===

Chapter 43 Live Draft:

https://www.patreon.com/posts/re-zero-arc-4-43-14241553

===

Next part 2/2: https://translationchicken.com/2017/09/07/rezero-arc-4-chapter-43-and-then-everyone-was%E2%80%95%E2%80%95-part-22/                                                                                                      0136415-c9a84f5420b92dff23562849b952e5a7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001617 00000000000 014775  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Description

Ncat is a feature-packed networking utility which reads and writes data across networks from the command line. Ncat was written for the Nmap Project and is the culmination of the currently splintered family of Netcat incarnations. It is designed to be a reliable back-end tool to instantly provide network connectivity to other applications and users. Ncat will not only work with IPv4 and IPv6 but provides the user with a virtually limitless number of potential uses.

Among Ncat's vast number of features there is the ability to chain Ncats together; redirection of TCP, UDP, and SCTP ports to other sites; SSL support; and proxy connections via SOCKS4, SOCKS5 or HTTP proxies (with optional proxy authentication as well). Some general principles apply to most applications and thus give you the capability of instantly adding networking support to software that would normally never support it.                                                                                                                 0136394-7a914b5f1f389eef8a6bf48e811e2df1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013677 00000000000 015314  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Dear HuffPost Friends,

I've been asked to write something about meditation today. A question was, "Why do I meditate?" I practice Transcendental Meditation as taught by Maharishi Mahesh Yogi. Before I started TM, I looked into many different kinds of meditation, and something about each of them said they weren't for me. When I heard about Transcendental Meditation from my sister who had started, I liked what she told me in relation to all the other forms I had looked into. And as I've said, I'd heard a change in my sister's voice. I heard more happiness and more self-assuredness. And I said, "I want this Transcendental Meditation."

I guess people start meditation for many different reasons, but each person who starts will get the benefit they are looking for, and many other benefits as well. I became interested in meditation because I heard a phrase, "True happiness is not out there. True happiness lies within." And this phrase had a ring of truth to me, but the phrase doesn't tell you where the within is, nor how to get there.

One day it hit me that meditation would be the way to go within.

The beauty of Transcendental Meditation is that it gives effortless transcending. It is not a trying form of meditation, not concentration, nor contemplation. It is a unique form of meditation, a mental technique, an ancient form of meditation brought back by Maharishi for this time.

At the base of all matter and all mind there is an eternal field, which is beyond the field of relativity -- it is non-relative, absolute. This field has many names. For quantum physicists it is called the Unified Field. It is also known as The Transcendent, Being, The Source, Totality, Ocean of Pure Bliss Consciousness, The Self. This field is that level of life, which has always been, it is, and will be forever.

When a human being truly transcends and experiences this deepest level of life, they're able to infuse some of that consciousness and begin to expand whatever consciousness they had to begin with. All of us human beings have consciousness, but not every human being has the same amount. The potential for each of us is infinite consciousness, enlightenment, total fulfillment, infinite bliss, liberation.

Tied to consciousness are all-positive qualities, intelligence, creativity, happiness, love, energy, power and peace. With the regular practice of Transcendental Meditation, a person can transcend many times in each meditation and really see huge life-transforming benefits. Those all-positive qualities grow more and more each day. And the side effect is that negativity begins to recede. Stress, anxiety, tension, sorrow, depression, hate, anger and fear begin to lift and this is such a great sense of freedom for the human being. All the stressful things are still out there, all the negative things are still out there, but because the all-positive things are still growing, those negative things have less and less power to hurt us.

For me, I felt so much relief from this heavy weight of negativity lifting. And as I say, I felt the suffocating rubber clown suit of negativity dissolving, and it was such a feeling of bright freedom. I got more and more happiness in the doing of things, ideas seemed to flow more freely. I felt more energy for the work and I began to see other people as people I liked more and more. I felt healthier and more comfortable in my body. The whole world looked better.

There is an expression, "The world is as you are." I think it means that it can be the same old world, but when we change -- in a more positive way -- that same old world looks better and better.

The David Lynch Foundation for Consciousness Based Education and World Peace was started to raise money to give the technique of Transcendental Meditation to any student who wanted it anywhere in the world. So far we have helped 250,000 students learn this technique and get the benefits. The foundation has also branched out to funding programs for prisoners, prison guards, children suffering from child prostitution, the homeless, Native Americans suffering from diabetes and alcoholism, veterans suffering with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. And it's always the same. No matter what the suffering is or how much stress or torment there is, when people get this technique they get happier. They start feeling better. They start seeing that suffering lift and they say they get their lives back and see a good future.

It's a human being thing to transcend. Many people have transcended without a technique, but they don't know how it happened. Transcendental Meditation is a technique that gives a person an opportunity to transcend -- first time, every time.

There are so many programs in the world to help people. But unfortunately most of them are surface solutions, and surface solutions will never work. They'll never address the deep torment, suffering, anger or hate inside the person. When a person can transcend and infuse those all-positive qualities from that beautiful field of pure consciousness within, it's like cleaning the machine and infusing it with gold.

Einstein said you can't solve a problem at the level of the problem, you have to solve it from beneath the problem. We can't get deeper than the Unified Field -- The Ocean of Consciousness, Being. This field is also known as the Kingdom of Heaven, which lies within. Think about it, how beautiful it is to sit quietly, close the eyes, start a technique and visit the Kingdom of Heaven each day.

Veterans suffering from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, from what I've heard, are not getting the help that truly lets them have their lives back, which truly relieves their suffering in a real way. Now there have been testimonials from veterans who have gotten the technique of Transcendental Meditation, and it is beautiful to hear their stories of how this has saved their life and helped the lives of their friends and family.

Maharishi revived a great technique, which is a blessing to human beings. Take advantage of it, make hay while the sun shines.

Your friend,                                                                 0136353-67f75cf1aabe060bfeb34a5a6c50db12.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001403 00000000000 015361  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The St. Paul Saints plan to change their name for a game sponsored by atheist groups.

The American Association minor league club will call itself the "Mr. Paul Aints" when they host the Amarillo Sox on Aug. 10.

The Minnesota Atheists and American Atheists suggested the promotion to tie in with a regional atheist conference in town that weekend. The game's billing is "a night of unbelievable fun." The letter "s'' will be covered up on Saints signs in the ballpark. Player jerseys will be auctioned for charity.

Saints executive Derek Sharrer says the club has "no intention of mocking or making fun of anyone's faith." He says several faith-based organizations have sponsored games before and that the Saints felt it would be "hypocritical" to tell the atheists no.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0136422-c789af84f6f6f23aea8075c9a4a3d8e3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002765 00000000000 015303  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        When the original Robocop hit the big screen, i was four years old. When i first seen the film on VHS, i was still way too young to understand most of it. I did not fully "get" the humor and the violence level could make my mother blush. As a film (that i watched over and over) if had a profound effect on my image of the city i lived. Detroit was not hipster central when i was growing up and the idea of someone making a movie based on my city seemed extra bad ass. Cops were still hero's to my generation and the Ford Taurus had not yet turned into a beige rental car. It was a classic white hat vs black hat western with an urban cocaine filled twist.

Many years later, Robocop was the first Blu-ray i ever owned. The conversion from film was flawless and the old school animatronic special effects actually looked good, in some ways more convincing than the CGI of today. The movie held up over time and all was good with the world.

The story of Robocop essentially plays out as a political wet dream, especially in light of current events. Detroit is really broke and the crime rates have really gone awry. Large corporations now have vested interest in revitalizing the city....but those pesky residents keep getting in the way. Robocop in reality is played by a black guy named Kevyn Orr, Detroit's emergency manager. His job? Make the city whole again while keeping the residents and his bosses happy. Sound Familiar? Hopefully we don't play this story out exactly like the movie and no one gets shot in the hand.           0136400-dab6b722534e54d092890efcb77b9768.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003422 00000000000 015043  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Former shadow chancellor Ed Balls has found his reason to go on learning the Salsa despite Donald Trump winning the US presidential election: Strictly Come Dancing is exactly what we need right now.

Advertisement

Appearing on The Last Leg on Wednesday night, Balls reflected on the victory of the right-wing former Apprentice star and millionaire businessman: “I did feel this morning, you know – the nation wakes up, kids are going to school worrying about what’s happening. And I’m going to spend eight hours doing the Salsa.

“I did think to myself, ‘Is today the day to be dancing?’

However, the former Labour MP thinks Strictly is the perfect tool to heal political rifts – after all, his campaign to lift the Glitterball trophy has serious cross-party support.

“To be serious, there’s been a campaign where there’s lots of hate on either side,” he said. “People fear each other. Democrats fear what the Republicans can do. We saw the same thing with Brexit.

“But there’s things in our cultures which unite people. I’m supported on Strictly Come Dancing by Gordon Brown, Ed Miliband, Theresa May and George Osborne. That is one hell of a coalition of support!”

He added: “It’s important we find things in our lives which bring us together and bind us, which we enjoy together and from that you then try and do something more serious and positive.

“In the end, it’s quite a good thing we enjoy Saturday nights and get on and don’t see each other as enemies just because we’re Labour or Conservative or Democrat or Republican. We’ve got to find something to bring us together.”

Saturday can’t come soon enough.

Advertisement

Strictly Come Dancing continues on Saturday on BBC1 at 6.55pm. The Last Leg is back on Friday night on Channel 4 at 10pm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0136430-7025e1aece9b3bfe6b077fba2cd35702.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013163 00000000000 015315  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Hillary Rodham Clinton, a declared candidate for the presidency of the United States of America, did not deign to subject herself to a single question from the news media for 28 consecutive days. That streak ended after a photo-op in Iowa today, when Her Majesty magnanimously (and extremely briefly) entertained a handful of questions, prior to being whisked away by aides. Fox News' Ed Henry appeared to have finally broken through by shouting a question across the room, rudely interrupting Mrs. Clinton's choreographed event. The candidate was characteristically gracious and genial in her response:





Henry: [Will you take questions from us?]



HRC: "I might. I'll have to ponder it. I will put it on my list for due consideration."

The imperiousness and sense of entitlement was palpable as America's beleagured, sneering, put-upon sweetheart contemptuously sniffed at members of the free press for attempting to do their jobs. Following her stilted Q&A with supporters (which included this bold answer on trade proposals), Mrs. Clinton generously accepted Henry's request and chose to submit to fleeting questioning from a waiting gaggle of journalists. Over the course of a few short answers, she affirmed that she's "proud" of the Clinton Foundation, downplayed a query about the Sid Blumenthal scheme by lamely chalking her actions up to keeping in touch with "old friends," and urged the State Department to release her emails -- dismissing timing concerns by asserting that those communications don't belong to her. And then, like a vapor in the wind, she was gone. The official Hillary Questions Clock was duly reset, and now the press is back to panting about when she might next interact with them. We've reached a point where a presumptive major party presidential nominee lowering herself to field two minutes' worth of questions from reporters somehow qualifies as a breaking news event:





Breaking News! The 2016 campaign in one photo pic.twitter.com/ISbIkwKfAU — Philip Klein (@philipaklein) May 19, 2015

Hillary Clinton in Iowa says she wants to urge the US Department of State to release her emails as soon as possible. — Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) May 19, 2015

There’s a simple solution to this problem. There’s a very simple way to incentivize Hillary to do the unthinkable and *gasp* answer questions from those whose job it is to solicit information from candidates for public office: ignore her entirely. As political consultant Rick Wilson noted in an extended Twitter rant this morning, media coverage is the oxygen that keeps candidacies alive. Without it, they suffocate and die. Yes, paid media in the form of massive ad buys is important, but it’s nothing compared to the power of earned media. In politics, you only matter if you’re on the news...Pull the reporters off the plane and off the bus. No more TV cameras at her events. No more wire or pool coverage of her stilted campaign Q-and-A sessions. No more front-page stories about this or that Iowa event. No more cut-and-paste coverage of canned, calculated quotes.



If that doesn’t work, then you don’t just continue the blackout. You replace the column space, the pixels, the TV time that you would’ve spent on Hillary’s campaign events with wall-to-wall coverage of Hillary’s scandals. What happened to the e-mails? Why was Hillary paying a nutcake war profiteer who’d already been banned by the White House to give her advice on foreign policy? Why did Hillary approve a massive uranium boondoggle for one of her tax-exempt group’s biggest donors? Why did Hillary refuse to disclose millions in donations she received from foreign governments while she was serving as the U.S. Secretary of State? It wouldn’t take long. Maybe a few days. But by blacking out coverage of her campaign and replacing it with coverage of the myriad ongoing Clinton cash and corruption scandals, the Hillary campaign would quickly change its tune.

Let's circle back to Hillary's reply to the question about her emails:That soundbyte is designed to make it seem as though she's an open book, a gallant public servant with nothing to hide. It neglects to acknowledge that the State Department never received more than 30,000 of those emails because they were unilaterally deleted by her lawyers, without any independent oversight. (For good measure, her team altered its tale about the process by which they destroyed those thousands of communications). And her insistence that her official emails don't belong to her, while technically true, is particularly brazen. The entire reason she set up a bootleg, national-security-compromising email server was to exert total control over what emails were, and were not, accessible via FOIA requests, Congressional investigations, etc. Her inner circle determined which messages were acceptable for public consumption, and turned those -- and only those -- over to State. Everything else was wiped away. The Federalist's Sean Davis has a few suggestions for how the media might fight back against Team Hillary's shabby treatment:The chances of any of that actually happening are virtually nil, of course, and Hillary knows it. The press won't treat her like a Republican (flooding the zone with indignant negativity), and they won't place a retaliatory gag order on their coverage of her regal glide . And even if they tried, it wouldn't hold. So the dysfunctional, borderline-abusive relationship remains intact, as Hillary nods and smiles her way through what Allahpundit describes as "daily simulacrums of interaction with the voting public." I'll leave you with GOP strategist Rick Wilson's extended Twitter rant , referenced in Davis' piece above. Righteous, and, I fear, futile.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0136416-4c7fb85d4fceb9e9747ba75dbc10e0f1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003522 00000000000 015422  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A burger should be held with two hands, much like a steering wheel or a big wooden trunk filled with cement. Hold on to your hamburger with this Groupon.

$12 for a Gourmet-Burger Meal for Two (Up to $26.85 Value)

Two gourmet burgers, such as the inside-out beef burger stuffed with blue cheese and topped with smoked bacon or the carnitas burger topped with queso fresco (up to a $10.95 value each)

One Side a la 'Cart' item, such as pale-ale-battered onion rings or hand-cut fries (up to a $4.95 value)

Blanc Burgers + Bottles

At Blanc Burgers + Bottles, burger doesn’t just mean a basic grilled patty. In addition to American beef, there’s also hormone-free chicken, carnitas-style pork, and curried lentils among nearly 20 protein options. Chefs stuff or pile each with eclectic extras such as wasabi aioli, foie gras butter, and housemade pickles. Hand-cut fries, beer-battered cheese curds and onion rings, and chicken wings marinated in housemade sauce make for marginally less elaborate sides. Though the options might seem overwhelming, servers with deep culinary knowledge acquired by sleeping on a copy of the menu every night are on hand to sort through them all.

Though the burgers take a wide-ranging, global approach to their flavor palettes, Blanc’s décor is decidedly space-age American. Stylized orange starbursts and flocks of bubbles decorate white and glass walls around sleek furniture. Behind a long white counter recalling a luncheonette just opened in 1959, barkeepers pour wine, refreshing seasonal cocktails, and nearly 100 varieties of domestic, imported, and American craft brews, including steam beers, lagers, hop-rich IPAs, and specialty lambics. Even youngsters can hop on the craft-beverage bandwagon with more than 30 boutique sodas in flavors such as apple, blueberry, and pineapple, available with or without cocktail onions.                                                                                                                                                                              0136349-d91e642cb491f23053aa61b82dc8952e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005102 00000000000 015030  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Senior members of Balliol College’s student committee banned a Christian group from attending the Oxford college’s freshers’ fair after claiming it could lead to “potential for harm to freshers” because Christianity was ‘damaging’ and ‘an excuse for homophobia and neo-Colonialism’.

In a leaked email chain obtained by Oxford’s independent student newspaper Cherwell, Junior Common Room (JCR) Vice-President Freddy Potts stated that the college body wanted the freshers’ fair to be a “secular space” following “concerns raised” by the college’s student welfare representatives.

The move caused outrage amongst the college’s members who called it an attack on free speech and freedom of religion.

According to the university newspaper, the vice-president attempted to prevent any Christian Union (CU) representation at the first-year students’ fair altogether, then allowed for a ‘multifaith’ stall – at which no member of a religious society was allowed to attend or speak to students.

The move was allegedly agreed to by the faith group, according to Balliol College president Hubert Au, in comments described as “misleading” by a CU representative.

In the internal email exchange, Potts justified the ban by telling CU: “We recognise the wonderful advantages in having CU representatives at the Fresher’s Fair, but are concerned that there is potential for harm to freshers who are already struggling to feel welcome in Oxford.”

“Christianity’s influence on many marginalised communities has been damaging in its methods of conversion and rules of practice, and is still used in many places as an excuse for homophobia and certain forms of neo-colonialism,” he added.

In reaction to the ban, the college’s students unanimously passed a JCR motion on Sunday accusing the JCR leadership of “barring the participation of specific faith-based organisations” and described the step as “a violation of free speech [and] a violation of religious freedom”.

Balliol College, one of Oxford’s oldest colleges, was founded in 1263 under the guidance of the Bishop of Durham.

Chief Executive of Christian Concern Andrea Williams told MailOnline: “The leading institution in the world founded on Christian principles is forgetting its great history.

“In Christianity, there has been freedom of expression, freedom of speech, freedom to believe and manifest belief.

“It is the student union that is rewriting history and using cheap smears to spread falsehoods with regards to Christianity.”

Twitter Follow @friedmanpress Follow Victoria Friedman on                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0136151-67672bbb19366abd33a31d4b9f03e5db.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012743 00000000000 015163  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        How can you improve your Java development workflow with Facebook’s Infer?



If you keep in the loop with tech buzz (which I’m assuming you do if you’re reading this blog), you’ve likely heard about the new tool Facebook just released to the public: Infer. Since it came from Facebook, people are naturally curious, so I wanted to take a look at what the tool’s about and how it could play a role for Java developers.

New Post: Infer: A Look Into Facebook’s New Java Static Analysis Tool http://t.co/Dnp2xmSPQG pic.twitter.com/Dw9zZByMvB — Takipi (@takipid) June 24, 2015

What is Facebook’s Infer?

Before assessing its potential usefulness, the first step is of course to get a sense of what the tool is and does. Infer is a static analysis tool that Facebook recently released as open source. Designed for iOS and Android usage, it can be used to detect bugs in your application before it ships. Facebook’s engineers have been using Infer as an internal tool on its Facebook and Instagram apps, so it’s been well vetted for high scale mobile environments.

Roughly, the way it works is that it scans your code during compilation looking for certain pre-conceived bugs and error conditions. After capturing information on your compilation process, it analyzes it in search of potential bugs. If it finds any, it will report them to you in your terminal and write them to a directory file. Examples of the types of bugs it looks for are null pointer exceptions and resource leaks.

Setting up Infer requires Python 2.7 and either Mac OS X or Linux. To run it, you can use javac directly or go through build tools like Maven or Gradle.

In this example we can see how Infer identifies a simple null reference, outputs the relevant information we need to fix it, and successfully passes the class after the fix is saved. The full source code for Infer can be found on Github.

Incremental vs. Non-Incremental

Infer can be run in either an incremental or non-incremental manner. The difference between the two being whether or not Infer will delete the existing results directory or not. So for example, you might want to run incrementally when using a build system and non-incrementally when using a single compiler command. To allow the incremental mode, you just need to add the –incremental flag.

As far as limitations go, Infer faces several that are standard to static analysis tools. It can report false alarms and/or miss bugs based on how your application has been coded and how it interacts with 3rd party code. There is also a limited scope of problems that it can detect, as it can’t test your code in a dynamic manner. There are also technical limitations around the types of bugs that it tests for. For example, Infer doesn’t test for array bounds errors or cast exceptions today.

What could this mean for Java developers?

Infer was designed for mobile usage, but it works perfectly fine for plain Java as well. As it can be run from build tools like Maven, it’s not a stretch to fit it into your workflow. The question of course is whether or not it’s worth using.

The answer to that question comes down to your stance on static analysis tools. Infer is obviously not the first static analysis tool that works with Java (FindBugs is a popular one for example), nor the only open source one. It is the only one that’s come from Facebook however, which may carry a certain cache with you. With established usage by Facebook on their giant apps, Infer has been put under fire for high scale.

There are some language limitations for Java that Infer faces however. It isn’t able to handle Java’s Concurrency Utilities or features like arithmetic. Some of these issues are trouble for other static analysis tools as well, but it’s worth keeping in mind.

Example workflow

Static analysis tools in general fit in the in-between phase of development. They’re essentially a testing tool for the staging step of the development process or as part of a CI/CD workflow. They can’t replace debuggers in development, since the code has to compile for them to work, and they can’t replace error trackers in production, since a whole host of bugs only show up once code hits the production environment and exposed to dynamic inputs. But there is a space in between those two environments where a tool like Infer could be useful.

For example, you may choose to use Infer as an intermediate step along with your IDE of choice for your development environment and OverOps for your production environment. Infer can help in this situation to pre-catch some obvious bugs before they go into production. This can prevent a few issues for your users or at the very least cut down on some entries in your OverOps dashboard. Or if you’re running a continuous deployment model with Jenkins, you can run Infer after each release push to see if anything new throws up obvious red flags.

Conclusion

When a company like Facebook releases an open source tool that plays well with Java, it’s worth giving it a look over. Infer isn’t built for Java specifically, but it can be used for static code analysis in Java apps nonetheless. There are some definite limitations to it, but there also some good potential uses for it and it’s something that should continue to improve in the future. If you play around with it, let me know what you think in the comments.

Using the right tools is critical to success, to make sure you’re covered when your code ships out to production, check out the alerting tools chapter of the definitive guide for production tools.                             0136404-c7240ec692a6ee98344bf9a1d91c1809.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012742 00000000000 015046  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In June, Jeremiah Heaton planted a flag in small region between Egypt and Sudan in a bid to make his daughter a princess. Now he hopes it will improve global food security

When Jeremiah Heaton’s seven-year-old daughter Emily turned to him one night last winter and asked him if she would ever be a real princess, he was faced with a dilemma.

“I didn’t want to break her spirits, so I said ‘yes, absolutely,’ he told the Guardian by phone from his home in Abingdon, Virginia, this week. “At that point I had no idea how to make it happen, but I couldn’t let her down. She had such a serious tone. I knew it meant a lot to her.”

The 38-year-old American took to Google to begin researching disputed regions across the world. He figured that to make his daughter a princess, he would have to make himself a king.

“I looked at Antarctica, and there is unclaimed land there, but there is a treaty that means people can’t claim it. So I kept researching, and I found Bir Tawil”.

Sandwiched between Egypt and Sudan, Bir Tawil is an area of around 800 square miles not far from the Red Sea, and is a geographical anomaly known as a ‘terra nullius’ - a land that belongs to no-one. Following a decades-old land dispute, neither Egypt or Sudan have laid claim to it.

Heaton had found what he was looking for. In June, he flew to Egypt and made a 14-hour journey through the desert to plant a flag (designed and made by his three children over the course of “a few dinners”) in the earth at Bir Tawil, laying claim to it on behalf of him and his family.

“It has been unclaimed for around 100 years,” Heaton explained. “I just followed the same process as many others have done over hundreds of years, planted our flag, and claimed it.”

Heaton, who works in the mining industry and ran for Congress in 2012, said he, his wife Kelly, and his three children have decided to rename the territory the Kingdom of North Sudan, and plan to launch a website to spell out their vision for the new country.

This vision includes using the land as a “testbed” for scientific advancement to help improve global food security.

He says the country’s initial development would be based on “four pillars”; innovative agricultural production, renewable energy, digital freedom and digital currency. The first two are particularly important to his children, Emily, 12 year-old Justin and 10 year-old Caleb, who know there are “a lot of hungry people in the world” and “would like to help”.

Heaton says the country’s initial development would be based on “four pillars”; innovative agricultural production, renewable energy, digital freedom and digital currency.

The second two are areas that Heaton is particularly interested in. He says he would like to establish a server farm in the kingdom that would allow “freedom to exchange information without any government interference”, and would like to establish a digital currency like Bitcoin, though he feels Bitcoin itself is too elitist.

Heaton says he has opened the project up to bids from the scientific community, and is looking forward to seeing the ideas he is presented with. But for now, he'll have his hands full working towards having his claim to Bir Tawil recognised by Egypt, Sudan, and the international community, for it to be validated.

“I know these are lofty goals, and it seems like a grand feat to accomplish them, but I believe we can,” he says.

What about the African people he encountered on his trip, and the Bedouin who roam Bir Tawal - what do they make of Heaton’s scheme?

“I didn’t encounter any hostility at all,” Heaton insists. He says his guide thought “it was a neat idea, like a lot of other people do”. He argues that the Bedouin don’t travel into Bir Tawil because it is too dry, and that the area therefore has no population. He said the Egyptian authorities, who approved his travel to Bir Tawil, appeared positive about his scheme, and that the Bedouins he spoke to “welcomed” his ideas, though admits he only spoke to a handful of people.

“One of our key principles would be to share the food and resources that we develop with other people in the region, so I think they understand that this project would be beneficial for everyone,” Heaton says.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Jeremiah Heaton and his seven year-old daughter Emily, with the flag their family designed. Photograph: David Crigger/AP

He says critics have accused him of being a racist who is trying to colonise Bir Tawil. He insists that is not the case.

“What I am doing is the exact opposite of colonialism,” he says. “The dictionary defines colonialism as one country taking control of another to exploit its resources or people. Bir Tawil is not a country, it does not have a population, and I don’t represent the United States or a corporation. I’m an individual, and I'm not going to dig for diamonds or drill for oil or build a pipeline. What we’re doing is designed to improve people’s lives.”

"I don't see race, colour or creed, and neither do my children," he added.

Though the project began as a means to make his daughter a princess, he also rejects the suggestion that it was a materialistic pursuit, and insists it was only ever intended to be altruistic.

"That [lesson against materialism] is the real gift I will be giving my kids,” he says. “I’m not trying to entitle them. I’m trying to teach them about how to help others, and work in the service of others. If anything, I believe it will help them to be more humble.”                              0136391-1acb5507112f9d160808f3090eff249b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003244 00000000000 014746  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Add two more draft picks to the Miami Dolphins total for next month's NFL Draft. The league awarded the 32 "compensatory" picks today, giving Miami two for losing defensive tackle Kendall Langford in free agency last year. The Dolphins additional 5th round pick this year will be the 33rd pick of that round. The seventh round pick is the 44th of the round.

Annually, the league awards 32 picks to teams that lost high profile players in free agency before the previous season. The players cannot have been cut by their previous team, but had to be coming off an expiring contract. Every player a team signs, negates a player they lost, with a lower salaried loss being negated by a higher salary gain.

For example, the Dolphins lost three players for consideration this year, quarterback Chad Henne, cornerback Will Allen and Langford. The team signed cornerback Richard Marshall. Looking at their salaries, Marshall was signed for 3-years, $16 million, which is used to negate the 2-year, $6.75 million contract Henne signed with the Jacksonville Jaguars. That left Langford and Allen to land picks.

After that, no one is really quite sure how the NFL figures out what round to give to each team. It's some secret formula that can be estimated, but no one exactly knows how it will award the picks.

The league awards 32 picks every year, if the secret formula awards less than 32 picks, any extra picks are awarded in draft order in, what is essentially an eighth round.

Oddly, with the awarding of the picks this year, the final pick of the draft will go to the Indianapolis Colts, who held the last pick in the draft last year as well.

The Dolphins now have 11 total picks in April's draft.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0136393-ed22c53d49e61ee17a137f99e5a1ab75.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003400 00000000000 015176  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        One of the most common arguments leveled against wind turbines is that they kill a large number of birds, with specific attention being paid to endangered or iconic birds. However, the data suggests that the contribution of wind turbines to bird deaths is negligible.

A 2009 study used data from US and European bird deaths to estimate the number of birds killed per unit of power generated by wind, nuclear power, and fossil fuel systems. The study concludes that wind farms kill relatively few birds, especially when compared to fossil fuel or nuclear power stations:

“Wind farms and nuclear power stations are responsible each for between 0.3 and 0.4 fatalities per gigawatt-hour (GWh) of electricity while fossil-fueled power stations are responsible for about 5.2 fatalities per GWh… wind farms killed approximately 7,000 birds in the United States in 2006 but nuclear plants killed about 327,000 and fossil-fueled power plants 14.5 million.”

Essentially, for every bird killed by a wind turbine, nuclear and fossil fuels killed around 2,000 birds.

Other investigations have backed up the idea that turbines do not kill many birds, such as a Spanish study which reviewed inspections of the ground near 20 wind farms with 252 turbines from 2005 to 2008. The investigation found 596 dead birds over the course of three years, meaning that over the course of the 36 months the study took place in, the average number of bird fatalities a year per turbine was only 1.33. The authors of the study said this is one of the highest collision rates found in the whole world of research literature.

More research will need to be conducted, but the current studies suggest that fears surrounding wind turbines having dramatic negative effects on bird populations are largely unjustified.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136420-0e52d98ce9bae9d5abd58418400f6c1d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004677 00000000000 015265  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        There are several reasons hospitals might want to be in the insurance business, or more closely aligned with insurers. By acting in cooperation, a unified organization might be able to better design incentives for higher-quality care. Or, by combining similar functions like human resources or tech support, the organization might cut costs. A joint provider-insurer may also be better able to adapt to — and make more money from — new Medicare payment models in the Affordable Care Act. Eventually, an organization that combines the functions of health care provision and health care insurance might have a leg up in the market, putting competitors at a disadvantage or driving them out. With less competition, of course, an organization would be in a good position to raise premiums.

Wary of threats to competition and the effects on consumers and patients, health economists and antitrust regulators are watching these market dynamics with a concerned eye.

Last year, with Steve Pizer of Northeastern University and Roger Feldman of the University of Minnesota, in the journal Health Services Research, I published a study that directly related hospital-insurer integration with quality and premiums. We found that insurance plans offered by hospitals charge higher premiums. We also found that such plans are rated to have higher quality by consumers — but that about 70 percent of the additional premium was not attributable to higher quality. We found no evidence that integration is associated with more generous health plan benefits.

To my knowledge, ours is the only study to directly relate hospital-provided insurance with plan quality and premiums. This is in large part because this is a challenging area to investigate. There is no research-ready database of where and when hospitals and insurers unite. We had to collect such data and build our own database. Moreover, historical data on most insurers’ health care products are scattered and incomplete, if they exist at all. For this reason, we studied the private Medicare plan market (Medicare Advantage) for which such data are readily available.

More work needs to be done in this area. Our study showed that integration between hospitals and plans might not be good for consumers, but it is just one study and was based on only one year of data. Additional data collection and analysis would be challenging and costly, but worth the investment given its importance to the future of health care quality and costs.                                                                 0136412-a10e478cc61b30d1b587e8e3931e48d0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001432 00000000000 015021  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        BTW

Breaking Bad turned 10 this week, leading fans to look back and reminisce about the groundbreaking series. And while some may go back and rewatch the whole thing, you can also relive the high points with this one-minute recap from Peruvian YouTuber Esther Bellido.

To be fair, Breaking Bad is dense enough that some of its more powerful moments are hardly touched upon as it focuses on five seasons of Walter White’s hijinks and destruction. But it is also packed with plenty of detail while Walter speed-walks through his journey, including the fly in Gus’ lab and the pink bear that drops into Walter White’s yard in season 2.

He might be the one who knocks, but he’s also the one who endured after all this time in a show that people are still discovering after all this time.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136341-b58410e74b50ae4aca719c4eec1aacd3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016433 00000000000 015367  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Elmo Joins the Forever War

The Muppets are getting ready to embark on a new mission: venturing to camps holding millions of child refugees from the Syrian civil war.

In Turkey, Jordan, Iraq, and Lebanon, there are some 2 million Syrian children who have fled the horrors of the 6-year-old civil war to live in primitive camps. Aid organizations struggle to ensure they get the basics — food, shelter, and (relative) safety — but little else.

That’s where the team behind Sesame Street saw an opening, said Sherrie Rollins Westin, executive vice president of the show’s nonprofit arm, Sesame Workshop. “If there are major issues that have an impact on children, we look for where we can make a difference,” Westin said, speaking this month on the sidelines of Foreign Policy’s CultureSummit in Abu Dhabi.

Sesame Street teamed up with the International Rescue Committee, a global humanitarian aid organization, to begin testing programming for children in Syrian refugee camps in Jordan in 2016. If all goes well, they hope to have Sesame Street programming running in the camps within a few years, tailored to children whose lives were upended by conflict.

Bringing furry American Muppets to Syrian refugee camps may sound like the fuzziest kind of soft power. But it could offer a glimmer of hope to children who’ve been robbed of a childhood. And retired military and former government officials say it could have another big side effect: helping starve terrorist groups like the Islamic State of its next generation of fighters. Cookie Monster, Elmo, and friends, that is, could pack as powerful a punch as a drone strike.

“I think it’s a brilliant idea and phenomenally positive,” said David Barno, a retired U.S. Army ranger and former commander of the U.S. military mission in Afghanistan. The military alone could never root out terrorism, he told FP, while childhood education is one of the most potent and underappreciated antidotes to extremism.

“If we’re not doing enough in aid, development, childhood education, we’re going to have to keep fighting terrorists,” he said. “Almost all military folks who served out in Afghanistan and Iraq recognize that.”

The Islamic State certainly does. The terrorist group set up its own education programs to groom the next generation of fighters in Iraq and Syria. Through textbooks and phone apps, the Islamic State teaches kids math with AK-47s and grammar with tanks.

“The extremists are preying upon younger and younger children,” said Farah Pandith, who held senior positions in three Republican and Democratic administrations. “It isn’t just 25-, but 8-, 10-, 12-year-olds we need to focus on,” said Pandith, former U.S. special representative to Muslim communities. The United Nations recorded 274 cases of the Islamic State recruiting child soldiers in 2016, using children to fight, execute hostages, and carry out suicide bombings.

Sesame Street offers a real alternative, said Ammar al-Sabban, a “Muppeteer” for the Arabic version of Sesame Street based in the United Arab Emirates; younger fans would know him better as Cookie Monster or Elmo. His passion for childhood education drove him to dump a cushy, 10-year career as an architect to grab hold instead of a red, fuzzy, bug-eyed critter.

The first Arabic version of Sesame Street kicked off in 1978 but came to an abrupt end in 1990, when its studio in Kuwait was destroyed in the first Gulf War. The United Arab Emirates revived the regional broadcast in 2015, and Sabban joined shortly thereafter.

“We don’t flat-out talk about it here, but whatever extremism happens usually happens because there’s no alternative for people,” he said. “That’s where I think we make a huge difference. We get to deliver really positive messages of equality, of tolerance, of acceptance for other peoples,” he said — all antithetical to the Islamic State’s ideology. “Education is what can counter extremism.”

If it sounds corny, there’s hard research to back it up. A slew of neuroscience studies show the greatest return on investment is early childhood education, where brains under 5 develop at the fastest rate — and when they are most affected by conflict or trauma.

Sesame Street is in 150 countries around the world, and local versions do indeed appear to have made a difference. Take Sesame Street’s show in Afghanistan, Baghch-e-Simsim, for example. The show reaches 3 million children around the country. It features Zari, a wildly popular female Muppet that focuses on female empowerment and education in a country where the United Nations estimates only 17 percent of women and girls can read or write. One study of 101 children who watched Baghch-e-Simsim showed a 29 percent increase in measures of gender equity than among children who didn’t watch the show.

Or Sisimpur, the Bangladeshi version of Sesame Street that reaches 11.5 million children. Sesame Workshop commissioned a study that found 4-year-olds who watch the show scored 67 percent higher on math and literacy than those who didn’t watch. Or Takalani Sesame, the South African version that was widely lauded by international organizations for introducing Kami, an HIV-positive Muppet, in 2002 at the height of the country’s AIDS epidemic.

Westin said the show hopes to have a similar impact in Syrian refugee camps, where countering violent extremism is but a welcome byproduct of the main goal: childhood education. Something more is sorely needed on that front, she noted. Only 2 percent of funding for refugees worldwide goes toward education, and only a sliver of that is focused on the early years.

“This is now about how do you create a future,” she said. “If we’re not reaching children with education, then what is their path?”

Reaching refugee children is as important as it has been in decades. The U.N. said that refugee numbers in 2016 are higher than at any time since World War II. Of the 65 million refugees worldwide, nearly half are children. Of those, 8 million are under the age of 8. And they’re not stuck in refugee camps for short stays. The average refugee lives in a camp for 17 years.

Pandith said the soft-power approach has to be part of a bigger, sustained effort. “We tend to look at a program and say, Can this thing solve everything? It isn’t just a one-off,” she said. She lauded Sesame Workshop’s plan, and said, “We need to build it into a larger mosaic of experiences.” But she said the “U.S. government is very slow in understanding that.”

It’s getting slower. President Donald Trump’s proposed budget would cut all funding for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, the public TV that usually carries Sesame Street. And he has vowed to gut the “soft power” side of American power like the State Department and USAID, a move widely criticized by military veterans and experienced diplomats and development experts. “We don’t do soft power,” Nikki Haley, Trump’s U.N. envoy, said in April.

Barno calls that type of thinking “strategic malpractice.”

But Westin and her team aren’t waiting for the debate in Washington to play out. They’ve begun testing programming tailored to children in refugee camps, and Sabban and his friends Elmo and Cookie Monster are hopeful.

“These puppets can really pack a huge punch,” Sabban said.

Photo credit: RYAN HEFFERNAN/Sesame Workshop                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136214-3f6c723683da1fa64dc06e4432811219.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004302 00000000000 014655  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In dramatic about-turn likely to fuel speculation of a cover-up, military admits soldiers injured by Palestinian truck-driver were targeted.

A senior IDF official has denied claims the army has changed its stance against regarding a hit-and-run earlier this month which left three soldiers seriously injured, insisting that at this point there is no evidence it was a deliberate attack.

"It is important to update the families since we are talking about soldiers and in an area under the military's control," the official said, emphasizing that although "progress has been made" regarding the incident no definitive position has been reached. He further noted that the investigation is being headed by the Israel Security Agency (ISA or Shabak), and that all directions were still being investigated.

It follows a Channel Two report that senior IDF officials had informed the families of the three soldiers - who were seriously injured when a Palestinian rammed his truck into them in Gush Etzion - that the incident was indeed a terrorist attack.

A little over two weeks ago, just hours after a car attack in Jerusalem killed a border policeman and seriously wounded several others - including an Israeli student who succumbed to his wounds shortly after - the IDF soldiers were run over by a Palestinian driver as they stood guard in the Etzion Bloc south of the capital.

CCTV footage showed what appeared to be a deliberate attack, with the driver swerving to hit the soldiers at great speed.

But when, after a series of arrests, the Palestinian driver turned himself in to Israeli security forces, the IDF and police announced they were treating it as a hit-and-run accident - an abrupt about-turn which triggered accusations of a cover up.

Roni Aharoni, whose son Yehonatan was seriously wounded in the incident, told Arutz Sheva his son had told him in hospital immediately after the attack that he was certain the driver had aimed for them - and that he even sped up as he veered towards the group.

Aharoni accused political leaders of trying to cover up the incident in an attempt to deflect public criticism over spiraling Arab violence.

The IDF's flip-flopping over the incident is likely to fuel speculation of a cover-up.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0136405-69ac4af8ed42d5031c8ae84199d46008.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003065 00000000000 015041  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        LG wants to make sure you know that it's announcing a new watch at IFA in Berlin. In addition to the movie trailer-style teaser released on Sunday, the image below showed up on the official LG Mobile Facebook page late last night. It's undeniably the G Watch R, which sports a "completely round" screen, in contrast with some watches that are taking their sweet time to come to the retail market.

LG's image is a little murky, in a "look at our fantastic new gadget" kind of way. Here's the same image with a few brightening tools applied in Photoshop.

The G Watch R looks... well, it looks like a watch. That's actually a pretty big deal, since almost every smartwatch up to this point has looked more like a tiny phone with a wrist strap rather than a conventional timepiece. For example, compare the original G Watch with a Seiko 5 series, which is a standard "sport" watch that you can pick up in stores around the world. Then check it next to the G Watch R. Notice the general shape of the watch roughly matches, including the chunky lugs for the strap. Contrast that with the lugless Moto 360, which connects to its strap under the watch face.

The latter isn't high fashion or anything, but it might blend in with a skillfully-selected outfit much better than the current crop of smartwatches, Android Wear or otherwise. And not to generalize half of LG's potential consumer base, but women might even appreciate a watch that doesn't look like a scifi prop.

IFA starts on September 5th in Berlin. Android Police will be there to cover it live.

Source: LG Facebook via Liliputing                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0136362-79327bd146f85267827c7681fadfb274.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004340 00000000000 014721  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Taking notice of an electronic and social media campaign against one of the most prominent private schools in Lahore for introducing ‘Comparative Religion’ as a subject in its syllabus, the Punjab government on Friday ordered authorities to seize and eliminate all reading material related to the course.

The provincial government also constituted a committee to review ‘objectionable material’ in the syllabi of all private educational institutions across the province.

The committee is headed by Secretary Education (Schools) Abdul Jabbar Shaheen and comprises Punjab Textbook Board Chairman Nawazish Ali and Punjab Curriculum Authority Chairman Saleem Akhtar Kiani.

Addressing a press conference, Punjab Education Minister Rana Mashhood Ahmad Khan said the committee would propose necessary modification in the current syllabus being taught in different institutions at school level.

“No one would be allowed to change the basic ideology of the education system of Pakistan and stern action would be initiated against the people behind such a conspiracy,” said the minister.

BACKGROUND:

The controversy started when a branch of the prestigious Lahore Grammar School (LGS-55 Main), introduced a subject titled ‘Comparative Religion’, which aims to “educate about Islam, Christianity, Buddhism, Zoroastrianism, and Hinduism”.

The course received considerable backlash, gaining mainstream attention following an episode of in a local TV channel’s talk show on September 16.

The school was accused of attempting to convert students to other religions, as well as ridding Islamiat from the curriculum following the sixth grade.

Clarifying the school’s stance on the subject following the backlash, Mrs Nasreen Shah, the principal of LGS-55 Main, posted a message on the official Facebook page of the school:

“Our institution believes in inculcating values such as tolerance and empathy in all our students. ‘Comparative religion’ is essentially a ‘history of religion’. It is NOT merely comparing religions; we aim to educate about Islam, Christianity, Buddhism, Zoroastrianism, and Hinduism – and their fundamental teachings. Doing so, we believe, will enlighten our students about the importance of ‘peaceful coexistence.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136428-99e0832b77a2ebacca43bddab9175b18.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006521 00000000000 015331  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Elderly people from a nearby senior citizen facility sit on the edge of the boardwalk and look out over the ocean on the first day of autumn Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014, in Seaside Park, N.J. (AP Photo/Mel Evans)

Pennsylvania state government is facing perhaps its most difficult budget dilemma since the recession, and demographic trends will provide no relief in coming years.

Already one of the nation's oldest states, the growth of Pennsylvania's retirement age population is projected to balloon in the coming decade, while its working-age population shrinks.

The projections, by the Pennsylvania State Data Center, were cited by the Legislature's nonpartisan budget analyst, the Independent Fiscal Office, as it assesses the state's fiscal future.

That immediate future involves a roughly $3 billion two-year projected deficit, compared with a $31.5 billion approved budget for the fiscal year ending June 30. Much of the deficit is driven by lackluster tax collections, making good on long-overdue pension obligations and rising costs for health care and prisons.

A shrinking proportion of working-age Pennsylvanians isn't helping.

"A dimension of the budget deficit we face is specifically the demographic shift," said Mark Price, a labor economist at the Harrisburg-based Keystone Research Center, a labor union-affiliated think tank.

In Pennsylvania, retirement income - such as pensions and Social Security - is not subject to the state's 3.07 percent income tax. That means that income tax collections will slow as more people leave the workforce and live off retirement income.

Meanwhile, older people tend to shift their spending habits away from durable goods to services, Price said. That means sales tax collections will suffer, since durable goods are more likely to be subject to Pennsylvania's 6 percent sales tax, while services are less likely to be subject to the tax, Price said.

It also has ramifications for spending demands.

The cost to care for the elderly often fall on the state, such as on Medicaid, which pays for most of the nursing home residents in the state. That will put more strain on services.

"With an older population, you are spending a lot more on end-of-life care, which is a major expenditure as people transition to that stage of life," Price said.

More demand for services for the elderly will compete for state dollars for other services, such as public schools, he warned.

To some extent, Pennsylvania's demographic projections continue a trend that was already happening. But the Pennsylvania State Data Center's projections show the trend steepening.

For example, from 2005 to 2015, the number of Pennsylvania residents ages 20 to 59 largely stayed the same, shrinking by 2,000. The number of residents 60 and older grew by 540,000, or roughly 22 percent, the data center said.

Under the data center's projections, the number of Pennsylvania residents ages 20 to 59 will shrink by 214,000 from 2015 to 2025, or about 3 percent. But the number of residents 60 and older will grow by 711,000, or almost 24 percent, the data center said.

Where there were about 10 million residents under 60 in 2005, there will be fewer _ about 9.5 million _ in 2025, according to the data center's projections. Meanwhile, the number of people 60 and older will have risen by about 50 percent, from a little under 2.5 million to more than 3.7 million, it projected.                                                                                                                                                                               0136467-e7857b486d64ef1676b27a286286848a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002721 00000000000 014661  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The family of Michael Brown appeared on NBC’s “Today” show, during which they were confronted with video of Michael Brown’s stepfather telling Ferguson protesters to “burn this bitch down.”

There was a video that circulated about Monday night,” NBC’s Savannah Guthrie said to Brown’s mother Lesley McSpadden, “I want to show it to you. In the video we see your husband, what appears to be stirring up the crowd. Take a look at it.”

The video showed Michael Brown’s stepfather Louis Head climbing on top of a car on the night of the protest and repeatedly yelling at protesters to “burn this bitch down.” “I know you were there, in the crowd. this is just after the news came out,” Guthrie continued. “What do you have to say about that?” (RELATED: After Ferguson Decision, Liberal Media Beclown Themselves On Twitter)

“That he was just emotional,” McSpadden said. “I don’t feel that he stirred the crowd. The crowd was already stirred. It’s been stirring since Aug. 9.”

Instead, she blamed Missouri Democratic Gov. Jay Nixon. “I hold — I wouldn’t hold him accountable for that. That comes from a higher power, elected official and it’s called the governor… They stirred the pot. they had everyone on edge. They had everyone in the uproar and had the city on edge, basically, since Aug. 9.” (RELATED: Missouri Governor: ‘Senseless Acts’ Of Destruction In Ferguson ‘Cannot Be Repeated’)

Follow Alex Griswold on Twitter                                               0136387-32c04cbdbe2aa332c80f535d356bda73.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002732 00000000000 015233  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Investors who lost billions of dollars in the disgraced hedge fund manager Bernie Madoff's Ponzi scheme could recover most of their initial investments, bankruptcy attorneys announced Monday.

More than $11 billion has been recovered, attorney Irving Picard said, according to ABC News. Investigators said Madoff's clients entrusted him with more than $17 billion in all.

Still, the money represents just a fraction of what those investors may have believed they earned. Madoff reportedly touted profits of more than $60 billion before his arrest.

Madoff revealed his fraud in December 2008 amid a collapsing economy, admitting that account statements showing clients held nearly $68 billion were a sham. The roughly $17.5 billion in principal invested by retirees, charities and other clients over decades was mostly gone - paid out as fake profits or raided by Madoff's family and cronies.



Madoff pleaded guilty to fraud charges a few months later and was sentenced to 150 years in prison.

Picard and fellow attorneys filed some 900 lawsuits to recover cash for Madoff's clients, according to ABC News. But some investors cried foul over fees charged by the law firm BakerHostetler, which could total nearly $1 billion.

“I would say he has been very cruel in what he has done,” investor Helen Chaitman told ABC.

“As a number it’s high, but in the context of what’s going on in this case, I don’t think so,” Picard responded.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.                                      0136372-a8fac2f6437ad095d05b55d299fbc80b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014674 00000000000 015270  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption George W Bush said he could only paint these portraits because he got to know the leaders so intimately

On Saturday, former US President George W Bush, who has said he is admittedly "not a great painter", opens a public exhibit of his works - more than 24 portraits of world leaders he met while president. The BBC's Nick Bryant has a preview of the gallery.

For a president long criticised for seeing things only in black and white, the exhibition of George W Bush's art at his presidential library in Dallas comes as something of a revelation.

Delicate brushwork has replaced his famed swagger. He presents himself as a wholly different kind of Texas oilman. With each new brushstroke he seems also to be softening his public image.

George W Bush told his art teacher, whom he meets on a weekly basis, to unleash the ex-president's inner Rembrandt, and the results are now on public display: a deeply personal gallery of world leaders, focusing on the art of personal diplomacy.

His vantage point, of course, is unique: the cockpit of the presidency - or, at least, his recollection of those tumultuous White House years. So there is more to them than canvas, paints and brushes. Another key ingredient is personal chemistry.

Image copyright George W Bush Center Image caption The exhibition features paintings of more than 24 world leaders

His portrait of Tony Blair, which is bereft of the former British prime minister's trademark toothy smile, was intended to portray compassion, strength and reliability.

Critic: 'Frat-brother quality' "He's a pretty good painter. I don't in any way want to say it's great art or anything, but he's not bad," Lawrence Weschler, author of True to Life: Twenty-Five Years of Conversations with David Hockney, told the BBC. "It's just weird that this guy who once had this incredible power is not interested in writing about what he did or justifying it," Mr Weschler says. "No, he's doing paintings of people he once knew back in the old days." The portraits, he says, have "a frat-brother quality. Me and my pals ruling the world - us and our hijinks."

His Angela Merkel shows a more cheery side to the German chancellor than her sometimes grumpy public persona projects.

And maybe his Dalai Lama reveals more about the former president himself, as he enters a more contemplative and cloistered phase of his life. In art, he appears to locate an inner serenity.

But perhaps the most eagerly anticipated portrait is that of the Russian president, Vladimir Putin.

During their first meeting, in Slovenia in 2001, Mr Bush came close to claiming he could read the former KGB spymaster like a book.

"I looked the man in the eye," he famously said. "I was able to get a sense of his soul."

Image caption German Chancellor Angela Merkel is among the world leaders featured by the former president in his portraits

But here he is rendered as a poker-faced Putin, more enigmatic and unreadable.

There's a coldness to the portrait of a leader whom Mr Bush referred to privately as "Pootie Poot".

Mr Bush, or "43" as he signs each canvas, reckons this to be his finest work.

Perhaps the most unflattering portrait is that of the former Pakistan president, General Pervez Musharraf, a leader who liked to think of himself as a dashing former paratrooper rather than the tired and bloated figure represented here.

Critic: 'Bush in a different light' "It was a surprise when it emerged that he was painting," Philip Kennicott, art critic for the Washington Post, says. "It's anachronistic to paint, so it suggested a level of patience and reflection that often times Bush wasn't credited with. "I certainly see this as humanising him. You know - show yourself as earnestly involved in a skill and hopefully do it well enough so that we don't laugh you off. I think this gives him a chance to be seen in a different light."

The extravagant bouffant, of which the general was justifiably proud, does not even make it into frame.

Maybe this is a form of artistic revenge. After all, when it came to fighting al-Qaeda and hunting down Osama Bin Laden, the Bush administration always suspected Islamabad of playing a double game: accepting American military aid but of not doing enough to flush out the mastermind of 9/11.

Nor is the outgoing Afghan president Hamid Karzai portrayed in a complimentary light. This, again, was a fraught relationship.

Image caption Mr Bush said the Dalai Lama is "a very sweet man, and I painted him as sweetly as I could"

Making these kinds of extrapolations is part of the fun of this exhibition. Far from being declarative, it can be interpreted in so many different ways.

So is it possible to read into this work a subtle dig at the man who succeeded him as president?

Critic: 'Bush as folk artist' "He's made himself strangely vulnerable," Daniel Rolnik, a Los Angeles-based critic who writes for ArtSlant and other publications, says. "It's more the fact that he's doing it than his technical ability - that's what folk art is all about." "He's like a folk artist. He knows that he wants to show you these portraits of people, but he's not a trained artist. In a weird way he's the most American folk artist ever because he's had the highest position in America."

George W Bush says his portraits would not have been possible had he not invested so much time in personal diplomacy.

He got to know the family details of international leaders - those useful conversation points. Many of them, like Tony Blair and the former Australian prime minister John Howard, were invited into the inner sanctum of his Texan ranch.

Barack Obama's approach is noticeably less chummy. He is often criticised as being more aloof and of not investing enough effort in working on the personal chemistry that can reap diplomatic dividends.

For those of us who covered the Bush presidency, from the golf rounds to the mountain-bike riding, from the brush clearing to that Top Gun moment in the aftermath of the fall of Baghdad, his newfound hobby is an improbable departure.

Image copyright George W Bush Center Image caption Mr Bush worked closely with President Hamid Karzai during the Afghan war

But he paints every day, gets a lesson every week and says his inspiration came from his great hero Sir Winston Churchill.

Those who interacted closely with Mr Bush during his White House years reckon he was unrecognisable from the two-dimensional figure who lent himself to such easy caricature.

Certainly, his artwork has added an extra and unexpected side.                                                                    0136399-c00041c29b023ead2940fc9d356d4c24.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000031621 00000000000 015017  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Reddit, the giant aggregator of social, political, and entertainment news, which boasts that it is “the front page of the Internet,” is taking flak for announcing that it now bans all climate “deniers” from its science forum.

In a December 16 posting on the left-liberal Grist website (a George Soros-funded website), Reddit science “moderator” (now self-professed censor) Nathan Allen announced that the Reddit science forum would no longer allow postings from those who challenge the increasingly discredited notion that manmade carbon-dioxide is causing a global warming existential threat to the planet.

Allen’s essay, entitled “Reddit’s science forum banned climate deniers. Why don’t all newspapers do the same?”, obviously hopes to spark a wave of official, explicit bans at other media outlets. Of course, most of the so-called mainstream media already employ de facto censorship of the realist/skeptic position in their “climate change” coverage, and have for many years. While they heap lavish, adoring coverage on fanatical climate “scientists” such as James Hansen and Michael Mann, and non-scientist activist celebrities such as Al Gore, George Clooney, Leonardo DiCaprio, Bono, and Madonna, the mainstream media (MSM) can be counted on to ignore or vilify the thousands of genuine scientists who contradict the carefully crafted false claim of a “scientific consensus” in favor of anthropogenic global warming (AGW). However, much of the MSM have gone beyond censoring the contrarian scientists out of their “news” stories and op-ed pages, going so far as to ban all letters-to-the-editor section that challenge the AGW dogma. The Los Angeles Times is one of the few major MSM organs that has publicly admitted it has a policy of refusing to print letters from climate “deniers.” The folks at Reddit, apparently, would be happy if all media outlets followed suit.

In his Grist op-ed, Dr. Allen wrote:

In addition to my career as a PhD chemist, I am one of a select few who enjoy the privilege of moderating content on reddit.com’s science forum. The science forum is a small part of reddit, but it nonetheless enjoys over 4 million subscribers. By comparison, that’s roughly twice the circulation of The New York Times.

Dr. Allen is obviously pleased with himself and the global digital footprint he influences. He continues:

The forum, known as /r/science, provides a digital space for discussions about recent, peer-reviewed scientific publications. This puts us (along with /r/AskScience) on the front line of the science-public interface. On our little page, scientists and nonscientists can connect through discussions on everything from subatomic particles to interstellar astrophysics.

According to Allen, Reddit’s science forum is “a microcosm, representative of the vast range of views that can be supported by empirical evidence.” “Importantly,” he claims, “it provides the same window for those who are not scientists, who do not regularly talk with PhDs, and who may be unfamiliar with how science is discussed by scientists. In essence, it is a window into the Ivory Tower.” Unfortunately, the “window into the Ivory Tower” of Reddit is as closed as the window into the Ivory Tower of most of academe. Like his professorial comrades on the college and university campuses, Allen seems to be stuck in Stalinism 101, unable to tolerate true debate and the give-and-take that occurs in genuine scientific enquiry. Typical of his comrades on the left, he has adopted the terminology of the Holocaust, consciously vilifying all who dissent from the radical global warming alarmist dogma as “deniers.”

This uncivil discourse is a form of genuine hate speech, aimed at generating hate for those with an opposing scientific viewpoint. Of course, liberal-left activists such as Nathan Allen claim to abhor incivility and hate speech — all the while practicing it with a vengeance. According to Allen, “no topic consistently evokes such rude, uninformed, and outspoken opinions as climate change.”

While admitting that intemperate language and insults come from both sides of the AGW debate, he unconvincingly argues that it is the global warming “deniers” who are most culpable of offensive, “aggressive behavior.” “Rather than making thoughtful arguments based on peer-reviewed science to refute man-made climate change, contrarians immediately resorted to aggressive behaviors,” Allen charges.

“As a scientist myself, it became clear to me that the contrarians were not capable of providing the science to support their ‘skepticism’ on climate change,” asserts Allen. “The evidence simply does not exist to justify continued denial that climate change is caused by humans and will be bad.”

According to Reddit’s Nathan Allen, the “deniers” are hopeless “true believers” and the only way to deal with them is to cut off their access to all media outlets. “As a site, reddit is passionately dedicated to free speech, so we expected considerable blowback,” says Allen. “But the widespread outrage we feared never materialized, and the atmosphere greatly improved.” If Allen is being truthful, the fact that no widespread outrage materialized is an inadvertent auto-refutation of Reddit’s supposed passionate dedication to free speech. It belies the Reddit mythology about the website’s supposed openness and diversity.

Across the top of its “about” page, in large type, Reddit proudly runs this paean to its accessibility from a Reddit enthusiast, one Dapper77:

“This is a place friendly to thought, relationships, arguments, and to those that wish to challenge those genres."

Reddit’s Wikipedia entry says “The website is known for its open nature and diverse user community that generate its content.” It also claims that the website “has a strong culture of free speech and very few rules about the types of content that may be posted.”

Allen and his fellow Reddit moderators can tolerate just about anything — except dissent from their pet environmental dogma. "As moderators responsible for what millions of people see, we felt that to allow a handful of commenters to so purposefully mislead our audience was simply immoral," Allen said.

Talk about “true believers”! Allowing dissenters to comment, according to Reddit, is “immoral.” Allen calls upon other media thought police to emulate Reddit’s proficiency in policing their venues to eliminate “contrarian” thought. Says Allen:

So if a half-dozen volunteers can keep a page with more than 4 million users from being a microphone for the antiscientific, is it too much to ask for newspapers to police their own editorial pages as proficiently?

The “97% of Scientists” Consensus Myth

Not surprisingly, while ridiculing “deniers” as antiscientific, Allen and the Reddit science moderators engage in one of the biggest and most thoroughly discredited anti-science deceptions of all time: the claim that there is a near-unanimous scientific “consensus” in favor of their radical AGW theories. Here’s Allen:

When 97 percent of climate scientists agree that man is changing the climate, we would hope the comments would at least acknowledge if not reflect such widespread consensus.

Sound familiar? Yes, that’s the same bogus statistic cited by President Obama this past May, along with the usual MSM choir trumpeting the same false claims of almost total “scientific consensus” on the impending apocalyptic climate “crisis.” Like President Obama, Reddit cites as its source for this outrageous claim the thoroughly discredited study by Australian AGW alarmist/activist John Cook. The New American reported on the eviscerating analyses of Cook’s study by independent scientists and researchers here, here, and here.

The Cook report, which claimed to be based on “over 12,000 peer-reviewed climate science papers,” published in the period 1991-2011, turned out to be a colossal fraud. Stripped of its false accounting methodology, only 65 of the 12,000 papers actually explicitly endorsed AGW alarmist claims. That yields an endorsement rate of around half a percent, not 97 percent! But the 97 percent mantra has been repeated so often that it is cited as gospel by millions of true believers.

One of the most incredible claims of Allen and his Reddit cadres — and yet a claim that is all too typical among the AGW alarmists — is that the “deniers” are a bunch of nasty, ignorant laymen, and that the only scientists who dissent from AGW orthodoxy are a relative handful of “professional climate change deniers” in the pay of Big Oil and Big Coal. However, the AGW accusers never bother to back up their charges — because they can’t. As The New American has reported a number of times (see here and here), the few millions of dollars that AGW skeptics have received from corporate donors is a scant pittance compared to the tens of billions of dollars that have been lavished on the climate alarmists by corporations, foundations, environmental organizations, carbon trading investors, and governments.

Concerning the ever-recurring pernicious lie of scientific consensus, the alarmists appear to be getting increasingly shrill, perhaps in panic mode because so many of their former allies have been jumping ship. Two of the most prominent “green” scientists to reverse course on AGW alarmism are James Lovelock, the British inventor, NASA scientist, author, and originator of the Gaia Hypothesis; and Professor Fritz Vahrenholt, a founding father of Germany’s environmental movement and a director of one of Europe’s largest alternative energy companies.

Here are some of the other world-renowned scientists whom Allen and the Reddit ignore, dismiss, or insult:

• Dr. William Happer, one of America’s preeminent physicists and a professor of physics at Princeton University;

• Dr. Pierre Darriult, physicist and former Director of Research at the CERN Laboratories;

• Professor Judith Curry, chair of the School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences at the Georgia Institute of Technology;

• Mike Hulme, professor of climate science at East Anglia University and an IPCC lead author;

• Dr. Richard Lindzen, MIT climate physicist and Alfred P. Sloan professor of meteorology, Dept. of Earth, Atmospheric and Planetary Sciences;

• Dr. John Christy, climatologist of the University of Alabama in Huntsville and NASA;

• Dr. Lee C. Gerhard, past director and state geologist with the Kansas Geological Society and senior scientist emeritus of the University of Kansas;

• Dr. Patrick J. Michaels, former Virginia State climatologist, a UN IPCC reviewer, and University of Virginia professor of environmental sciences;

• Dr. Vincent Gray, New Zealand chemist and climate researcher;

• Dr. Tom V. Segalstad, geologist/geochemist, head of the Geological Museum in Norway;

• Dr. John T. Everett, a former National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) senior manager and project manager for the UN Atlas of the Oceans;

• Dr. Willie Soon, Harvard-Smithsonian Center astrophysicist;

• Burt Rutan, renowned engineer, inventor, and aviation/space pioneer;

• Dr. Syun-Ichi Akasofu, emeritus professor of physics, and founding director, International Arctic Research Center of the University of Alaska Fairbanks;

• Dr. Bjarne Andresen, physicist, and professor, The Niels Bohr Institute, University of Copenhagen, Denmark;

• Dr. Ian D. Clark, professor, isotope hydrogeology and paleoclimatology, University of Ottawa, Canada.

That’s just the tip of the proverbial scientific dissenter iceberg. In 2010, Marc Morano at Climate Depot published a 321-page PDF special report featuring statements and bios of more than 1,000 eminent scientists from around the world, including Nobel Prize winners and IPCC authors, who challenge the claim of scientific consensus on global warming.

And, as we have mentioned many times in previous articles, there are more than 31,000 scientists in the United States who have signed a petition urging the U.S. government to reject AGW hysteria and the types of actions that have been proposed at UN forums in Kyoto, Copenhagen, Cancun, and Rio.

In our free society the Reddit climate alarmists should be free to limit access to their website to whomever they please; however they should be named and shamed for falsely portraying themselves as advocates of free and open discourse, and for smearing all those who do not share their hysterical hype and their statist, anti-liberty policy proposals.

Related articles:

Al Gore Forecasted “Ice-Free” Arctic by 2013; Ice Cover Expands 50%

EPA Official Sentenced for Fraud

Obama EPA Climate Decrees Will Further Damage U.S. Economy

Top Scientists Slam and Ridicule UN IPCC Climate Report

Famous “Gaia” Scientist James Lovelock Converts From Alarmist to Skeptic on Global Warming, Blasts UN (Video)

Cooking Climate Consensus Data: “97% of Scientists Affirm AGW" Debunked

Global Warming “Consensus”: Cooking the Books

IPCC Researchers Admit Global Warming Fraud                                                                                                               0136077-a81fa667a8db6453e684b05e60283d9e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007416 00000000000 015057  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Editors' note: This story has been updated with additional comment from Dowd.

WASHINGTON — Matthew Dowd, an Austin-based television news commentator and former George W. Bush strategist, is mulling an independent challenge to U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz.

“I don’t know what I will do," he told The Texas Tribune. "But I am giving it some thought, and I appreciate the interest of folks.”

Dowd said this has been a draft effort, as prominent members of both parties have approached him to run against Cruz.

The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.

A year ago, Cruz was the dominant political figure in the state, but he stumbled last summer after losing the GOP presidential primary race to Donald Trump — and then refusing to endorse Trump at the Republican National Convention last summer. Smelling blood, a number of potential challengers to Cruz have emerged over the past six months.

The two most public potential contenders are U.S. Reps. Michael McCaul, an Austin Republican, and Beto O’Rourke, an El Paso Democrat.

And now Dowd.

The political strategist’s career tells the story of the past three decades of Texas politics. Dowd started in Democratic politics, including as a staffer to then-U.S. Sen. Lloyd Bentsen and then-Lt. Gov. Bob Bullock.

But Dowd eventually gravitated to then-Gov. Bush in the late 1990s, working on both of his presidential campaigns and for the Republican National Committee.

In 2007, Dowd publicly criticized Bush over the Iraq war.

The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.

More recently, Dowd used his social media and ABC News platforms to question the viability of the two-party system.

Now, he is considering a run of his own — against a man he once worked with on the 2000 Bush campaign.

“I don’t think Ted served the state well at all,” Dowd said. “He hasn’t been interested in being a U.S. senator from Texas. He’s been interested in national office since the day he got in.”

A Cruz spokeswoman declined to comment about Dowd's possible run on Thursday, but earlier in the day the senator expressed confidence in his re-election chances during a morning radio interview. But he said he was not taking anything for granted.

"At this point, I don't see anyone that is likely to run, but I'm going to assume that the threat is serious and prepare accordingly," Cruz told conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt.

An independent run would be a heavy lift, but it would probably scramble the race far more than anyone could have anticipated a year ago. Dowd argued that an independent candidate could have a better shot than a challenge from either party.

“I think Ted is vulnerable, but I don’t think Ted’s vulnerable in the Republican primary, and I don’t think Ted is vulnerable to a Democrat in the general,” he said. “I think a Democrat can’t win in the state.”

Fundraising in an expensive state without the party apparatus would likely be a major obstacle as well.

The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.

“I actually believe money is less important now today than it’s ever been,” he said. “It’s going to take money and a lot of grassroots money, and it’s going to take people frustrated at Washington and frustrated about Ted.”

And if he won, with which party would Dowd caucus in the Senate?

“I would caucus with neither party,” he said. “I think the system is broken.”

Dowd is in no rush to make a decision.

“It’s not an immediate thing,” he said. “At some point, I have to obviously decide because this was a major adjustment in my life.”

Read more:

Last month, Trump passed over U.S. Rep. Michael McCaul, R-Austin, for a job in Trump's administration.

U.S. Rep. Beto O'Rourke is considering a run for U.S. Senate - either in 2018 or 2020.

Patrick Svitek contributed to this report.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136454-1eb07751bd3159b54a4c13a5152c283f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011054 00000000000 014731  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va., plans to reintroduce federal spending transparency legislation without a provision for an independent oversight board that government budget officials have criticized, he told the Senate’s Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee on Wednesday.



Government watchdogs, however, say some independent oversight is needed to ensure agencies take the new reporting requirements seriously.



The current version of the Digital Accountability and Government Transparency Act would require agencies and federal grant and contract recipients to file receipts and detailed reports on spending to an independent commission. The legislation mandates uniform data markers for different types of spending so that costs can be compared across agencies.



The reports would be posted on a public website similar to Recovery.gov, which tracks spending on the 2009 economic stimulus package.



The bill, known as the DATA Act, in its current form would create an extra layer of bureaucracy and could interfere with transparency initiatives that the Office of Management and Budget already is working on, Danny Werfel, controller of OMB’s Federal Financial Management office told committee members Wednesday.



Rather than “replowing the earth and changing every account we have,” Congress should consider targeted legislation that makes up for specific deficiencies in spending reporting practices, Werfel said.



“The DATA Act approach is really wiping the slate clean and saying we’re starting over with a whole new set of standards,” he said. “Architecturally [that] might make sense but it’s very expensive, and I worry we’ll lose a lot of time in tackling the specific challenges we have right now while we rebuild this building from the foundation.”



Werfel also argued the DATA Act’s proposed governing board, the Federal Accountability and Spending Transparency Commission, would be unaccountable and could interfere with transparency work that OMB already has invested time and money in.



“There’s not apparently a way to disagree with that commission and there’s no built-in mechanism for the executive branch to object to or veto the standards [it sets] in any way,” he said. “It’s not clear how we give feedback. It’s also not clear in the bill how the public gives feedback.”



Comptroller General Gene Dodaro, who heads the Government Accountability Office, disagreed with Werfel about the necessity of overarching legislation at Wednesday’s hearing. He said such legislation is necessary to ensure agencies comply with heightened requirements for spending transparency and an independent oversight board will help ensure that reporting is a priority.



Dodaro noted the Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board, which tracks spending on the 2009 economic stimulus package, has been successful largely because it has a dedicated staff, an independent funding stream and legislative authority. The Recovery Board was a model for the DATA Act’s Federal Accountability and Spending Transparency Commission.



It’s important to place spending transparency oversight outside OMB to avoid the appearance of a conflict of interest, Daniel Schuman, a policy analyst at the transparency group Sunlight Foundation, told Nextgov.



As an agency charged with implementing the Obama administration’s programs, OMB has a vested interest in making those programs appear successful, which will sometimes conflict with transparency, he said.



“It’s true that a lot of this stuff could have been done by OMB and they have the authority to do it, but they haven’t,” he said. The government “has been working on this issue for a decade or more . . . For whatever reason, the executive branch didn’t take up those issues and, frankly, it’s the role of Congress to direct executive branch agencies about what they should be doing.”



The House passed the DATA Act in April, sponsored by House Oversight and Government Reform Chairman Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif. Warner introduced the original Senate version of the DATA Act in June 2011.



If Warner’s revised DATA Act contains strong transparency requirements and significant oversight, there’s a solid chance a compromise can be worked out with the stronger House bill before the close of this Congress, according to Hudson Hollister, founder of the Data Transparency Coalition.



“It’s hard to predict,” he said. “Even if we don’t see legislation happen, the movement in government is clearly in favor of standardization [of spending data] and publication and that can only be good.”

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0136463-b5609b1b896248839f814a7b17d9b6ac.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013524 00000000000 015000  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A horrific triple homicide was committed yesterday in Chapel Hill, NC, as three Muslim students were apparently murdered by a deranged anti-religion progressive.

The News & Observer reports:

Police charged a Chapel Hill man Wednesday with first-degree murder in the deaths of three Muslim students in a quiet neighborhood near Meadowmont just south of N.C. 54.Craig Stephen Hicks, 46, is being held in the Durham County Jail on three counts of first-degree murder. Hicks is accused of shooting his Finley Forest neighbors, Deah Shaddy Barakat, 23, and his wife Yusor Abu-Salha, 21, and Abu-Salha’s sister, Razan Abu-Salha, 19, of Raleigh. Barakat was a doctoral student in UNC-Chapel Hill’s School of Dentistry. The sisters were N.C. State University students. Chapel Hill police found all three victims dead at the scene, after responding to a report of gunshots on Summerwalk Circle at 5:11 p.m. Tuesday. The neighborhood, adjacent to the Friday Center, is mostly rental apartments and modest condominiums. It rarely appears in reports of crime in Chapel Hill. Police worked early into the morning trying to piece together what happened. Police have not offered a motive for the shootings.

[UPDATE: Chapel Hill police are now saying the shooting may be related to a parking dispute with no connection to the victims' religion. Thanks to tarheelkate in the comments.]

BREAKING: #ChapelHillShooting deaths of 3 Muslim students might have been linked to parking dispute, police say. http://t.co/TPJuBdDQt5 — CNN International (@cnni) February 11, 2015

Chapel Hill PD preliminary investigation: "the crime was motivated by an ongoing neighbor dispute over parking." http://t.co/tI2r71lVrD — Kyle W. Orton (@KyleWOrton) February 11, 2015

[UPDATE2: Jake Tapper with the Chapel Hill PD press statement:]

Chapel Hill Police Department press release pic.twitter.com/2ZQZWkFwcJ — Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) February 11, 2015

[UPDATE3: And now the US Attorney completely deflates the anti-Muslim narrative:]

UPDATE #ChapelHillShooting: US Attorney says not targeted anti-Muslim organized campaign, just "isolated incident". pic.twitter.com/J8ZlgBdkk9 — Nora A. ???? ??????? (@Ana3rabeya) February 11, 2015

Barakat and Abu-Salha were just married a few weeks ago. She had recently graduated from NC State, and he was a UNC dental student.

A review of the Facebook page of the man charged in these murders, Craig Hicks, shows a consistent theme of anti-religion and progressive causes. Included in his many Facebook "likes" are the Huffington Post, Rachel Maddow, the Southern Poverty Law Center, Freedom from Religion Foundation, Bill Nye "The Science Guy," Neil deGrasse Tyson, gay marriage groups, and a host of anti-conservative/Tea Party pages.

Remarkably, one of the four Facebook groups he had joined was "Religious Tolerance."

Just a few weeks ago he had posted this to his Facebook page:

Police no doubt will be releasing further details of this case in the coming days.

BTW, Richard Dawkins is getting pretty mouthy:

A parking dispute in NRA-land. 3 young people tragically murdered in Chapel Hill. A PARKING dispute in gun-land. http://t.co/OL1ax8HHPI — Richard Dawkins (@RichardDawkins) February 11, 2015

Seeing as Hicks was a Dawkins fanboi. From his Facebook page:

UPDATE: Never let the facts get in the way of a good narrative (HT: RBPundit)

Three American Muslim students shot dead near University of North Carolina by Christian terrorist https://t.co/u4ntSt8p56 #MuslimLivesMatter — Michael Lee (@MichaelLee2009) February 11, 2015

Stuck on stupid (HT: Jim Treacher):

@sdsorrentino It's my understanding that he was baptized as a Christian. Stop making excuses #ChapelHillShooting — Michael Lee (@MichaelLee2009) February 11, 2015

A variation on the theme:

@WayneBogda This is the Amarican Christian Terrorist who murder 3 innocent Muslim college students in NC pic.twitter.com/mYMUyTrgs6 — ??????? (@Antiterrorism1) February 11, 2015

UPDATE2: Dean Obeidallah, who was part of the group of American Muslims who met with Obama last week, predictably blames the GOP:

I dont blame atheism for murder of 3 Muslim Amer students. My focus is the GOP officials+professional anti-Muslim bigots #MuslimLivesMatter — (((DeanObeidallah))) (@Deanofcomedy) February 11, 2015

And then doubles-down:

.@mjbenchmark @EWErickson so please send me links to where they demonized Muslims. I'll send u ones where many in GOP have. Thanks — (((DeanObeidallah))) (@Deanofcomedy) February 11, 2015

@JohnDalyBooks @Deanofcomedy Which is to say #Muslimlivesmatter but not as much as my completely separate agenda. — David Freddoso (@freddoso) February 11, 2015

In the Washington Post's coverage, they bury Hicks' leanings at the very end of their story:

Last night on Twitter, most of the #ChapelHillShooting posts were condemnations of US media (esp. Fox News) for not only not covering this, but supposed anti-Muslim reporting inspired it. Now...

And now the media reports the lack of media reports on the #ChapelHillShooting. — Tzvi Zucker (@TzviZucker) February 11, 2015

Why isn’t this ALL OVER the news?!! https://t.co/DO7kKPdwfl



IF Muslim had shot three white students, would dominate today’s media coverage — Sally Kohn (@sallykohn) February 11, 2015

That lack of media coverage of #ChapelHillShooting in full pic.twitter.com/NJZJwTXBdS — David Wilcock (@DavidWilcockPA) February 11, 2015

Frothing left: Why is nobody covering the UNC story?



Me: Top story on Fox.



Crickets. — JWF (@JammieWF) February 11, 2015

Has Southern Poverty Law Center made a statement yet?

Should be awesome seeing the SPLC condemn a hate crime by a fan of theirs http://t.co/fBoqq8CCg6 — JWF (@JammieWF) February 11, 2015

This, of course, is helpful:

Do you wanna radicalize the youth? Keep executing muslims. #ChapelHillShooting — Ahmed (@AlshehmaniA) February 11, 2015

A wave of kafirphobia sweeping the Muslim community:                                                                                                                                                                            0136322-f213f8aaa022604f47ce238504ee7a5f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000107215 00000000000 015100  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Scar is a featured article , which means it has been identified as one of the best articles produced by the Disney Wiki community. If you see a way this page can be updated or improved without compromising previous work, please feel free to contribute.

Mufasa: "Don't turn your back on me, Scar!" Scar: "Oh, no, Mufasa. Perhaps you shouldn't turn your back on me." ―Mufasa and Scar

Scar is the main antagonist of Disney's 1994 animated feature film The Lion King. As the younger brother of Mufasa and second-born prince of the Pride Lands, Scar was next in line to assume the throne as king. His chances were lost, however, at the arrival of his nephew, Simba. This embittered Scar with jealously and a sense of entitlement, prompting him to develop a regicidal plot to take over the kingdom, with the aid of his hyena henchmen.

As one of Disney's most infamous villains—made especially notorious for his success in murdering Mufasa—Scar is a primary member of the Disney Villains franchise.

Contents show]

Background

As revealed in "A Tale of Two Brothers", Scar was once named Taka (meaning "waste" in Swahili), and had become upset when he learned that his older brother Mufasa was chosen to be king over himself. Taka would come to meet three hyenas named Shenzi, Banzai, and Ed, who tell him that if Mufasa is made to look like a failure, then he will look kingly in comparison and soon take the throne. This leads to Taka tricking his brother into going down to the waterhole, where a Cape buffalo called Boma is refusing to share the water with the rest of The Pride Lands which, at the time, is having a terrible drought. While there Mufasa starts to try to reason with Boma and Taka roars and tells Boma that he must move by order of the Lion King, or fight Mufasa, Boma then charges out of the water at Mufasa. Mufasa escapes with the aid of a mandrill called Rafiki, and Boma goes after Taka instead.

Mufasa runs back and finds Taka being attacked by Boma's herd. A large buffalo slashes Taka with his horns, causing him to be knocked unconscious. Mufasa leaps in to save his brother and the buffaloes prepare to attack again. Before they can do so, King Ahadi, father of Taka and Mufasa, appears with a large herd of animals that surrounds the Buffaloes. It was during this attack that Taka got a scar on his eye, and renamed himself "Scar", as a reminder of his mistake, explaining his cruel name.

As revealed in The Lion Guard, Scar was at one point selected as leader of the Lion Guard: a team of lions who would protect the Pride Lands and the Circle of Life, as part of tradition to all second-born children of the king. With this responsibility, Scar was given a power called the "Roar of the Elders". However, the power went to Scar's head, to the point that he believed that he should be king of the Pride Lands instead of Mufasa. When the Lion Guard refused to help Scar take down his brother, Scar used the Roar of the Elders to destroy them. Due to using the Roar of the Elders for evil, Scar lost the power completely and descended into depression, becoming shriveled and weak.

Personality

Scar was known to be very resentful of Mufasa and Simba, the latter for essentially ruining any chance of him becoming king. His resentment and anger towards Mufasa were strong enough that, after he usurped Mufasa's place on the throne by murdering him, he outlawed the very mention of Mufasa's name whenever he was in anyone's immediate vicinity.

Scar seemed to possess somewhat of an inferiority complex, as evidenced by his sad resignation to the fact that he was passed over in the gene pool regarding brute strength. Scar is egotistical and prides himself on his intelligence, saying "As far as brains go, I got the lion share" and was somewhat of a narcissist, the latter trait being especially prevalent when plotting the murder of Mufasa after the hyenas' failed attempt at murdering Simba at the Elephant Graveyard where he mentions that when he becomes king, they will see him "for the wonder [he is]." He has some odd quirks that he is aware of, as when Simba affectionately states "You're so weird," Scar tells Simba "You have no idea" (although this specific line was an intentional in-joke referring to Reversal of Fortune, in which Jeremy Irons utters the same line).

Scar was heavily sardonic, frequently replying to attempts at conversation with sarcasm and subtle insults. After taking over Pride Rock, Scar's overall demeanor took a turn for the worse, becoming somewhat deluded, if not in self-denial, in believing that he is still an efficient ruler despite clear evidence to the contrary, apparently being unwilling to admit even to himself that Mufasa was a better king or finding fault in his own leadership. As such, in a dark parallel to Simba's initial idealism to becoming king, he also proceeded to refuse relocating the Pride from Pride Rock despite being confronted with clear evidence that any surviving animals in the region had fled the premises as well as there being an ongoing drought, not caring if this resulted in the kingdom's, or his own, death. This implied that a large part of the reason why he decided this course of action was simply because he could give that order as king.

Scar was highly intelligent as he himself liked to boast, easily able to manipulate situations and conversations to his advantage. This made up for Scar's lack of physical strength, which was further demonstrated by his decision to subject a fully grown Simba to a court rather than fighting him openly. Despite this, he didn't appear to mind doing his own hunts, as evidenced when he brought a zebra leg for the hyenas. He was a fierce fighter who held his own against the bigger and much younger Simba and came very close to killing him. However, Scar will not hesitate to cheat in a fight, as seen when he flings embers into Simba's eyes, temporarily blinding him, to gain the upper hand. Scar was a very charismatic individual, able to inspire the hyenas to follow his cause and gain fanatical loyalty from Zira and her pride of lionesses, even in death.

Regarding his treatment of Shenzi, Banzai, and Ed, he was somewhat harsh with them, as evidenced by his berating them regarding their failure to kill Simba and Nala (even though they only escaped because of Mufasa's timely arrival), and his angrily kicking them out after Banzai made the mistake of mentioning Mufasa within earshot. He could barely tolerate the idea of relying on "idiots" like them. Worst of all, when he realized that they lied to him about Simba's fate, he gave them a glance which seemed to indicate he would deal with them later. Despite this, however, he seemed to value them as friends, as evidenced by his remark when he finds the hyenas waiting for him before he realized they overheard his remarks, as well as his attempts at apologizing to them falling on deaf ears when he realized it was too late and finally perished.

He was also a sadist, convincing his own nephew he was responsible for Mufasa's death and then taunting him for it further. He even toyed with Zazu whenever the Majordomo tried talking back at him. Despite his negative traits, he attempted to encourage Zazu to sing a more "bouncy" song, other than "It's a Small World", which he apparently finds to be extremely annoying (like a lot of people do in real life), because when Zazu starts to sing it, Scar snaps at him, telling him to stop ("NO, no! Anything but that!").

He remains conniving and power-hungry, even after his death, as evidently shown by his schemes to weaken the Lion Guard, led by his great-nephew, Kion, and he has apparently become less forgiving of failure to the point that Janja fears Scar greatly. In death, he is still manipulative and—in spite of his arrogance—knows that his goals cannot be accomplished without the assistance of the Outlanders, prompting him to use both intimidation and temptation to keep his new lackeys compliant.

Physical appearance

Scar is elegant and poised, but also unkempt and wild looking. He also speaks with an English accent. He is perhaps the most evidently feline lion in the film, lithe and melanistic in appearance with a sleek, black mane, brownish-orange fur, and distinctive, almond-shaped neon green eyes. He has large, tan paws with long, curving black claws that unlike those of other lions in the film are always bared and never retracted, perhaps alluding to his vicious nature.

Scar also sports a white goatee beard, characteristic of villains, particularly the evil twin archetype which is fitting given his relationship with Mufasa. Finally, Scar has a small, thin, pink scar over his left eye, thus earning him his namesake (which happened to him during his younger days). Some of his physical traits were also based in part on his original voice actor, Jeremy Irons.

After his death, Scar became a spirit manifested in lava and fire.

Appearances

Scar remained bitterly jealous of his elder brother but was allowed to live in the Pride Lands. He did not attend Simba's presentation, much to Mufasa's disappointment. During this time, he also tried to eat a mouse, although he was ultimately forced to let the mouse escape when Zazu told him off for missing Simba's presentation, causing Scar to attempt to exact revenge on Zazu by eating him instead until Mufasa interfered, forcing him to spit Zazu out. Scar also implied when Mufasa warned him not to walk away that he might attack Mufasa should he be distracted, before claiming that he would not dream of challenging his brother. He also briefly lamented that he may be cast out of the gene pool anyways before leaving Pride Rock dejected. As some time passed, Scar rapidly became jealous of his nephew Simba's position as the next king of Pride Rock and started plotting to kill him in order to take out the competition for the throne himself. He started to recruit hyenas, primarily Shenzi, Banzai, and Ed, to build an army. He used bribes of food to get them on his side. The first attempt the hyenas made was to kill Simba after tricking the cub into entering their territory with his best friend, Nala. When Mufasa foiled that plan, Scar saw the whole scene with great unhappiness. Later, Scar admonishes the hyenas for failing to kill Simba, even when it was clear that Simba only survived due to Mufasa's interference.

Knowing Simba will always be safe so long as Mufasa is around, Scar proposes they kill both Simba and Mufasa. To motivate and mobilise the hyenas, Scar promises that under his rule, the hyenas will never go hungry again, a promise which he clearly could not (and ultimately failed to) keep. With their help, he engineers a wildebeest stampede meant to kill both Simba and Mufasa, tricking Simba into waiting in a gorge under the notion that Mufasa has a 'marvelous surprise' for him. Scar alerts Mufasa, who rushes to Simba's aid. Mufasa manages to save his son and ends up clinging to a cliff where he spots Scar and pleads with his brother to help him. However, Scar instead pierces Mufasa's paws with his claws and, grinning wickedly, throws his brother off the cliff to his death with the impersonating words, "Long live the king". Scar discovers Simba still alive and places the blame of Mufasa's death on his nephew. He orders Simba to run away and never return as punishment. Scar then sends the hyenas to kill Simba, but they fail this task due to Simba going through a bed of thorns too dense for them to get through. Shenzi felt that allowing the cub to flee into the desert would kill him eventually and they would kill him if he survived and returned. Thus, they let the cub escape, and lie to Scar.

Scar then tells the lionesses that Mufasa and Simba died and takes over the Pride Lands, using the hyena clan as muscle to ensure his reign goes undisputed. Due to Scar's irresponsibility as king and abolishing most of Mufasa's laws that regulated the hunting parties, both the Pridelanders and the hyenas begin to run out of food, while a drought that lasted longer than usual deprived them of water. Likewise, he also enacts a law that says everyone may not mention Mufasa in his presence, especially not in a more favorable light. One day, Scar later questions Sarabi as to why she and the rest of the lions are not hunting for food, to which she replies there is nothing left and suggests they leave Pride Rock to survive. He rejects the idea, essentially sentencing everyone to death out of pride. Scar condones to the fact and declares that as king he can do whatever he wants. With Sarabi pushed beyond composure, she openly compares Scar to Mufasa in a condescending manner, angering Scar to the point of violence against his sister-in-law. Just as this occurs, Simba, alive and well, returns and confronts the anxious Scar, who initially mistakes him for Mufasa. However, after learning it is his nephew as an adult, Scar sarcastically expresses "joy" at seeing him alive, and gives a dirty look at the hyenas, knowing they had in fact failed at their task and lied to him regarding Simba's death.

Simba orders Scar to resign as king or engage in battle for the throne. Knowing he lacks the physical strength, Scar initiates a trial against Simba, blaming him for Mufasa's death in an attempt to turn the pride against him. Simba, still believing it was he who was responsible for his father's death, admits his "crime," allowing Scar to execute him as punishment. As a lightning bolt strikes beneath Pride Rock and causes a wildfire, Scar quietly admits to to Simba that it was the former who was truly responsible for Mufasa's death, enraging the younger lion. Simba furiously tackles Scar and threatens to strangle him unless he confesses to his crime. With no other choice, Scar bitterly reveals the truth to the observing pride. This leads to a ferocious battle in which the lionesses, Timon, Pumbaa, and Rafiki, work together to defeat the hyenas. A coward, Scar tries to escape, but Simba spots him and corners his uncle on the top of Pride Rock. On the edge of panic, Scar tries to claim to Simba that the hyenas were behind Mufasa's death, unaware that Shenzi, Banzai, and Ed had overheard him, resulting in them angrily stepping away, but Simba refuses to believe him, knowing that everything his malevolent uncle ever told him was a lie. When Simba chooses to exile Scar rather than kill him, Scar appears to concede, but then does a sneak attack by brushing the closest embers available into Simba's face. Not wanting to give up the throne, he attacks Simba, and they engage in a fierce fight.

Scar soon bashes Simba across the face and knocks him onto his back. However, as the elder lion leaps to deliver the deathblow, Simba uses his hind legs to hurl Scar over the edge, sending him tumbling down a rocky slope to the base of Pride Rock. Scar survives the fall and as he slowly gets to his feet, the hyenas arrive. At first, Scar is relieved to see his "friends", but to his horror, they reveal that they overheard Scar calling them "the enemy," and they begin to surround their fallen master with wide grins. Realizing his mistake too late, Scar begs for mercy and attempts to explain himself, but the hyenas have had enough of his lies, derogatory treatment, and broken promises. Fueled by their hunger and seething rage, the hyenas surround Scar, leap upon him and devour him alive as flames surround them. With Scar dead, Simba ascends Pride Rock and reclaims the Pride Lands as the new king.

Despite his ultimate demise, Scar maintained the loyalty of the Outsiders, a pride of lionesses led by a lioness named Zira, who were banished to the Outlands by Simba. Zira was fanatically loyal to Scar and intended to install her son Kovu as King of Pride Rock, as he was chosen by Scar personally to be his heir and successor. They would continue to create trouble for Simba in the following years.

Scar also appeared in Simba's dream. Mufasa clings to the high cliff above the stampede and an adult Simba tries to save his father. However, Scar grabs Simba's paw, stopping from reaching him. As Mufasa falls off the cliff into the stampede, Scar morphs into Kovu and throws Simba into the stampede too. In addition, Scar was also mentioned by Simba when he explains to Kovu the true history of the fight between Scar and him. He also implies during this time that, in addition to the hyenas exacting revenge on Scar, Scar also ended up burned alive by the wildfire.

Scar makes another brief appearance when Kovu is exiled from the Pride Lands by Simba, he stops by a lake where he sees Scar's reflection instead of his own as Mufasa did to Simba.

In the end, Scar's dying wish would be fulfilled (Kovu becoming the king of the Pride Lands) since Simba would choose Kovu to become the king consort of his daughter Kiara, Scar's great-niece. However, unlike Scar's plan, Kovu would rule under the concept of the Circle of Life.

In the direct-to-video "parallel film" The Lion King 1½, Scar makes a few brief, non-speaking appearances in the scenes for which he was present in the original Lion King film.

Scar's song, "Be Prepared" is heard briefly as Timon and Pumbaa tour Scar's lair as a possible new home, commenting on how it is quiet, secluded and with no uninvited visitors. The shadows of the goose-stepping hyena army are then seen marching in front of them, though they haven't started singing yet. This convinces Timon and Pumbaa to look elsewhere.

He is also mentioned by Nala when tells Timon and Pumbaa that Simba needs their help in order to defeat Scar. Later, he is shown making Simba fall over Pride Rock's peak and fleeing from Simba after admitting he murdered Mufasa, where the hyenas were protecting him. Finally, after Timon, Ma, Pumbaa, and Uncle Max defeat the hyenas, Simba kicks Scar over the side of Pride Rock's summit, into the hole the hyenas fell into, and to his death by his minions' jaws.

In The Lion Guard: Return of the Roar, Simba's second born cub—and Scar's great-nephew—Kion is told that Scar was once leader of the Lion Guard, until it met a disastrous end when the power went to his head. As such, Kion makes a great effort to refrain from misusing his gift and becoming the dark figure his great-uncle had been.

In "The Rise of Scar", a hyena named Janja tires of living under the harsh conditions of the Outlands, but refuses to accept the fact that he and the other hyenas only reside there because they selfishly refuse to adhere to the laws set by the Circle of Life. Instead, they want to eliminate Kion, but each of their attempts have failed. A snake named Ushari claims that the secret to Kion's success is his ability to talk to the Great Kings of the Past, more specifically Mufasa. This gives them the idea to find a way to summon the only lion that's ever sided with the hyenas: Scar. Under Scar's authority, they hope to eliminate Kion and create a new order amongst the Pride Lands that gives them freedom to devour as much as they want. By using both the combined powers of Kion's roar and Makini's magical bakora staff, Janja and Ushari successfully manage to summon Scar's spirit, manifested in lava and fire.

Revived and reinvigorated, Scar sees this as an opportunity to exact revenge against Simba and overthrow him as king. As revealed in "Let Sleeping Crocs Lie", Scar plots to gather all the animals in the Outlands to create a new legion of followers. With an army of henchmen at his disposal once more, Scar seeks to ignite a hostile takeover of the Pride Lands and reclaim the kingdom as his own domain.

In "The Scorpion's Sting", Scar sends a scorpion named Sumu to poison Simba. Knowing that volcanic ash is needed to remedy the fatal sting, Scar sends his crocodile, jackal, and hyena minions to slow the Lion Guard, accompanied by Makini, down. It is then that they overpower these foes and secure the ash that he finally makes himself known to his great-nephew and his friends. After his father's life is saved, Kion vows to defeat his great-uncle once and for all.

Other appearances

Scar makes a few cameos meant for comedy purposes in the animated series Timon & Pumbaa. He is seen when Timon tries to revive Pumbaa's amnesia after being struck by lightning, and when Zazu cleans out his trash can.

In Hercules, Scar makes a cameo as a lion skin briefly worn by Hercules at one point, which in itself was a reference to one of Hercules' twelve labors, which was killing the Nemean Lion. It may also be a reference to a joke made by Zazu in the first film, where he suggested that Scar is made into a throw rug.

In House of Mouse, Scar made few minor cameos. In the episode "Jiminy Cricket", Jiminy used Scar as an example of temptations. At the end of that same episode, Scar was seen aside some of the other guests when they were arguing over Jiminy. In the episode "Ask Von Drake", Scar can be briefly seen being held by Rafiki just as Simba was in the film. In the episode "Goofy's Valentine Date", Scar was seen along with the other guests.

In the animated blooper reel featured in the The Lion King: Diamond Edition special features, Scar makes a cameo appearance, seen botching his line during Simba's climactic trial at Pride Rock.

In the Disney Crossy Road: The Animated Series episode "Hyena Havoc", Scar appears in pursuit of Simba, alongside the hyenas. Simba crosses a road of animals for safety, and Scar orders the hyenas to capture him. Once they fail, Scar attempts to cross the road, himself, though he is comically trampled in the process, humiliating him.

Video games

Scar appeared in this video game as the final boss.

Scar appears as one of the bosses in this video game. He battles Simba and would jump onto a platform to roar, causing rocks to fall towards Simba which he has to dodge before he finally defeats Scar.

Largely following the story of the film, Scar is the tyrannical ruler of the Pridelands, after earning his throne through regicide (the murder of King Mufasa and supposedly Prince Simba). At some point, Scar meets Pete, an invader on a quest to dominate the worlds using a legion of demons known as the Heartless. Together, they rule the pride with discipline until Sora, Donald and Goofy arrive. With little food elsewhere, Scar attempts to devour the trio, only to be stopped by Nala, allowing them to escape. Once they do, they head out to find Simba, who was revealed to be alive by Sora. The group eventually finds him, and together, they return to Pride Rock to battle Scar. The tyrant is forced into revealing that he killed Mufasa, and a battle breaks loose, resulting in Scar's demise. However, the darkness of anger and jealously in Scar's heart corrupts the lion and revives him in the form of a Heartless, drenching the Pride Lands in darkness as well. Sora and friends battle Scar, and he is eventually killed off for good.

During the second visit, it is revealed an army of Scar's ghost is haunting the Pridelands. According to Rafiki, the ghosts feed off of Simba's insecurity towards being king. As a manifestation, Scar constantly tortures and taunts the new ruler, until a turn of events prompts Simba to stand up to the demon, finally having the courage necessary to send him off for good. However, the army then comes together and converge to create the Groundshaker Heartless to face Simba and Sora before the two are able to destroy it and the ghosts of Scar for good.

Other games

Like the cameo in the film Hercules, Scar also makes a cameo as a throw rug in a specific area of the game Hades Challenge. Like before, the cameo also references one of Hercules' twelve labors, specifically his defeating the Nemean Lion.

In Epic Mickey, Scar appears as a stained-glass portrait in the Mad Doctor's laboratory along with Maleficent and Captain Hook. There are also two lion statues in the courtyard of Dark Beauty Castle that bare resemblance to Scar.

Scar also appeared as an unlockable costume character in Disney Universe. He is also the boss of the last level of The Lion King universe, where you ride on a train for transportation to battle him with a cannon.

Scar is the main villain in the Broadway musical adaptation of The Lion King. In the original run of the show, in 1997, the character of Scar was portrayed by John Vickery, and is generally portrayed as an intellectual, immature prince, with a heavy hint of comedic elements in an (arguably) more prominent light than his animated counterpart.

Scar's role is also expanded upon with the song "The Madness of King Scar". In it, Scar begins doubting his reign, fearing that he might be losing the respect of the lionesses and indirectly receives an idea from Zazu that he needs a queen to ensure that his family line continues for generations, thus giving him immortality. He attempts to seduce Nala when he chooses her as his queen, promising to share the throne with her, to bear many cubs and to love her dearly, but she rebukes him by scratching his face after realizing what this would truly mean for her. The musical also implies that he might harbor some guilt for murdering Mufasa, as he mentions that Mufasa's ghost kept on haunting him. The musical also implies that his main motives for wanting to become king were due to neglect that he suffered while he was young, especially in comparison to Mufasa.

In World of Color, Scar can be briefly seen in the water projectors and heard vocally throughout a sequence based on the wildebeest stampede from the film. In addition, Scar was featured in the 2015 rendition of the show, during the brief montage celebrating villains.

Scar plays a role in Sorcerers of the Magic Kingdom. In Adventureland, Scar returns from the dead via Hades and is given a proposition to live forever in exchange for the crystal of the Magic Kingdom. Scar tricks the hyenas into believing he is invincible and forces them to work for him again. However, the park guests prove that Scar lied by injuring him in front of the hyenas, prompting them to leave their former boss. Scar consoles Hades for more power, but Hades refuses and leaves the lion to battle the park guests alone. Scar is defeated, but a recovered piece of the crystal imbues him with magic, allowing him to take on the guests once again. Scar is once again defeated, however, saving the kingdom from his wrath.

Scar appears as one of the main villains in the live nighttime spectacular Fantasmic!. In the show Scar is called fourth by The Evil Queen to destroy Mickey Mouse once and for all. In the end, Scar is killed by Mickey along with the other villains. His only line was "Yes, perfect."

In Happily Ever After, Scar is one of the villains featured during the adversity segment. He is seen battling Simba on Pride Rock as it is engulfed in flames.

Scar's likeness is also featured in Disney's Art of Animation Resort.

In France, Scar was featured on the villains' float in Disney's Once Upon a Dream Parade.

Scar appears as one of Maleficent's invited guests during the climactic projection montage of Villains Night Out!

Scar appears in the Shanghai resort's production of The Lion King stage musical.

Aboard the Disney Dream, Scar and the hyenas are featured in Villains Tonight as some of the villains that assist Hades in retaining ownership of the Underworld. Their motif in the show resembles that of a biker gang.

Gallery

The Disney Wiki has a collection of images and media related to Scar. has a collection of images and media related to

Trivia

Scar is based on Claudius from Hamlet who was a prince who murdered his brother the king for the sake of his throne. However, unlike the diabolically evil Scar, Claudius had a kind side and genuinely believed that he could make the country a better place and was a highly competent king whereas Scar cared only for himself. Like Scar, Claudius was cunning, intelligent, manipulative, charismatic and cowardly. Unlike the diabolically evil Scar, Claudius repented from his wrongdoings but did not reveal the secret truth about his brother's murder to his family. He is also similar to the Shakespearean villain Iago from Othello , being sadistic, charming, smooth-talking, bitter, envious and narcissistic. He also shares many similarities to the title tragic hero character in Macbeth . Although not directly related, he started out as an honorable soldier to King Duncan. Like Scar, he believed he would be next in line for the throne as the king's son Malcolm was too young. However, when it became official that Malcolm would take over as king, Macbeth then plotted to kill King Duncan in order to scare his children away from the kingdom over accusations of murder, thus taking the throne for himself (similar to what Scar had happened to Mufasa and Simba). Macbeth succeeded in this and became a ruthless greedy king like Scar, leading to corruption in his kingdom, as he also had many people whom he thought were suspicious of him all murdered. Eventually Malcolm returned to the kingdom and got his revenge (though more indirectly as he let Macduff fight and kill Macbeth rather than facing the latter himself, like Simba did) and claimed his rightful place as king of Scotland.

who was a prince who murdered his brother the king for the sake of his throne. However, unlike the diabolically evil Scar, Claudius had a kind side and genuinely believed that he could make the country a better place and was a highly competent king whereas Scar cared only for himself. Like Scar, Claudius was cunning, intelligent, manipulative, charismatic and cowardly. Unlike the diabolically evil Scar, Claudius repented from his wrongdoings but did not reveal the secret truth about his brother's murder to his family. Scar's birth name, Taka , is the Swahili word for "waste".

, is the Swahili word for "waste". While Jeremy Irons voices Scar for most of the movie, he blew out his voice recording "Be Prepared" (Specifically the line "You won't get a sniff without me!"), and the rest of the song is sung by Jim Cummings. Incidentally, "Be Prepared" is also where Ed (also voiced by Jim Cummings) has his only line that is not laughter.

In an original draft for the ending of The Lion King , Scar was to be shown burned alive when Simba hurls him off the ledge, with Scar laughing as he did so (presumably due to completely losing his sanity over losing everything), which also results in Pride Rock's destruction. The final version of Scar's death was based on an original draft for Gaston's demise in Beauty and the Beast , in which the wolves would have attacked Gaston after surviving the fall from the Beast's castle with a broken leg.

, Scar was to be shown burned alive when Simba hurls him off the ledge, with Scar laughing as he did so (presumably due to completely losing his sanity over losing everything), which also results in Pride Rock's destruction. The final version of Scar's death was based on an original draft for Gaston's demise in , in which the wolves would have attacked Gaston after surviving the fall from the Beast's castle with a broken leg. Originally, Scar would send Nala, as an adult, away from Pride Rock because she ignored his romantic approaches, after which she finds Simba alive and well with Timon and Pumbaa. This idea was ultimately abandoned, as sexual harassment (and sexual advances in particular) was considered improper in a family movie at the time. However, the stage musical adaptation includes this plot development as part of director Julie Taymor's efforts to expand the female characters' presence in the story.

Originally, Scar would chase Simba out of the Pride Lands himself.

Originally, Scar would have been a rogue lion not related to Mufasa.

Scar is considered one of the darkest villains Disney has made for his many wicked deeds, such as murdering his brother Mufasa.

Scar apparently hates the song "It's a Small World", as he tells Zazu "No, no. Anything but that" when he tries to sing it. In some productions of the stage show held, Zazu originally sang "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious", prior to the world premiere of Mary Poppins in Bristol, England, shortly before transferring to London's West End in 2004, but soon after the release of Frozen , Zazu sang "Let It Go" instead. Scar's reaction was the same.

, Zazu sang "Let It Go" instead. Scar's reaction was the same. Scar is the first Disney villain to be biologically related to the protagonist in the Disney canon. The previous villains such as the Evil Queen and Lady Tremaine were related to the protagonists only by marriage.

Scar is one of the few Disney villains in the Kingdom Hearts series, and the only Disney villain in Kingdom Hearts II , not to use the Heartless as his minions.

series, and the only Disney villain in , not to use the Heartless as his minions. When he murdered Mufasa, he was originally supposed to say "Good night, sweet prince!" immediately before throwing him off, referring to the Shakespearean play Hamlet . However, it was changed to Scar smugly saying "Long live the king!" to Mufasa because the former line seemed too "self-aware" to be taken seriously. In the alternate ending, Scar also was supposed to say the former line when attempting to finish off Simba, but it was instead changed to Scar admitting his crime to his nephew.

. However, it was changed to Scar smugly saying "Long live the king!" to Mufasa because the former line seemed too "self-aware" to be taken seriously. In the alternate ending, Scar also was supposed to say the former line when attempting to finish off Simba, but it was instead changed to Scar admitting his crime to his nephew. Malcolm McDowell and Tim Curry were once considered for the role of Scar.

Scar's greed for power is very similar to Adolf Hitler when he stands on a cliff and looks on his Hyena "army" in "Be Prepared". It shows the classic Nazi-Germany influence with hundreds of "soldiers" on the march when their "dictator" is watching on at the moment of power. In fact, a behind the scenes documentary for the film revealed that they used documentary footage relating to Hitler and Nazi Germany for designing "Be Prepared".

Scar makes a nod to an earlier film starring Jeremy Irons. When Simba remarks that Scar is weird, Scar replies "You have no idea". The character played by Irons makes exactly the same response to this statement in the film Reversal of Fortune.

The character played by Irons makes exactly the same response to this statement in the film As explained in "Lions of the Outlands" during his reign, he shared the knowledge of the Roar of the Elders with Zira.

In an interview with HelloGiggles, The Lion King producer Don Hahn claimed that Mufasa and Scar were actually not related by blood. Instead, he clarified that, as with real lions, Scar and Mufasa were a coalition of two unrelated males, with one being dominant over the other. The onscreen dynamic between Scar and Mufasa was heavily inspired by this real-life behavior, and that Scar's well known quote of "As far as brains go, I got the lion share. But when it comes to brutal strength, I'm afraid I'm at the shallow end of the gene pool." references this lack of family bond between the two characters. However, little over a week later, director Rob Minkoff "cleared up" in an interview with Screen Junkies that Mufasa and Scar grew up together and were in fact blood related. He also claimed that Scar's name is a "really mean nickname", and that he believes that Mufasa was the one who gave Scar his scar when they were cubs.

producer Don Hahn claimed that Mufasa and Scar were actually not related by blood. Instead, he clarified that, as with real lions, Scar and Mufasa were a coalition of two unrelated males, with one being dominant over the other. The onscreen dynamic between Scar and Mufasa was heavily inspired by this real-life behavior, and that Scar's well known quote of "As far as brains go, I got the lion share. But when it comes to brutal strength, I'm afraid I'm at the shallow end of the gene pool." references this lack of family bond between the two characters. Though he is well known after his death, Scar's demise at the jaws of his hyena minions is not known. Zira believes Simba killed him, while in truth, it was the hyenas. Janja, whose clan is a descendant of the one that served and turned on Scar, is also mistaken, as he believes the villainous lion perished in the flames of Pride Rock.

References



























                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0136470-8553eb5bf08f379b662a51fa4d5498df.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012150 00000000000 015132  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        CAIRO – A bombing at a chapel adjacent to Egypt’s main Coptic Christian cathedral killed 25 people and wounded another 49 during Sunday Mass, in one of the deadliest attacks carried out against the religious minority in recent memory.

The attack came two days after a bomb elsewhere in Cairo killed six policemen, an assault claimed by a shadowy group that authorities say is linked to the outlawed Muslim Brotherhood and which claimed responsibility for a pair of assassination attempts earlier this year in Cairo that targeted Egypt’s former mufti, or chief Muslim theologian, and an aide to the country’s top prosecutor.

There was no immediate claim of responsibility for Sunday’s attack. However, Islamic militants have targeted Christians in the past, including a New Year’s Day bombing at a church in the Mediterranean city of Alexandria in 2011 that killed at least 21 people. More recently, the local affiliate of the Islamic State group targeted Christians in the Sinai Peninsula, where the extremist group is waging attacks against security forces. Christians endured a wave of attacks against their property and churches in provinces south of Cairo in the weeks and months that followed the July 2013 ouster by the military of an Islamist president.

Egypt’s official MENA news agency said an assailant lobbed a bomb into a chapel close to the outer wall of St Mark’s Cathedral, seat of Egypt’s Orthodox Christian church and home to the office of its spiritual leader, Pope Tawadros II, who is currently visiting Greece.

Egyptian state TV and the Health Ministry gave the casualty toll.

Witnesses said the explosion may have been caused by an explosive device planted inside the chapel. Conflicting accounts are common in the immediate aftermath of attacks.

The blast took place as a Sunday Mass being held in the chapel was about to end and coincided with a national holiday in Egypt marking the birth of Islam’s Prophet Muhammad. Most of the victims are thought to be women and children.

State television aired calls by several Cairo hospitals treating the wounded for blood donations and President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi declared a three-day state of mourning.

“The pain felt by Egyptians now will not go to waste, but will result in an uncompromising decisiveness to hunt down and bring to trial whoever helped — through inciting, facilitating, participating or executing — in this heinous crime,” a presidential statement quoted the Egyptian leader as saying.

An Associated Press reporter who arrived at the scene shortly after the blast saw blood-stained pews and shards of glass scattered across the chapel’s floor. Men and women wailed and cried outside. AP photos showed a broken pair of ladies’ spectacles on the ground next to a girl’s boots with leopard spots and a pink ribbon.

“I found bodies, many of them women, lying on the pews. It was a horrible scene,” said cathedral worker Attiya Mahrous, who rushed to the chapel after he heard the blast. His clothes and hands were stained with blood and his hair matted with dust.

“I saw a headless woman being carried away,” Mariam Shenouda said as she pounded her chest in grief. “Everyone was in a state of shock. We were scooping up people’s flesh off the floor,” she said.

“There were children. What have they done to deserve this? I wish I had died with them instead of seeing these scenes.”

The attack has drawn a flurry of condemnations by government and religious leaders as well as assertions of unity between Egypt’s Muslim majority and Christians, who account for about 10 per cent of the country’s 92 million people.

An angry crowd of several hundred people gathered outside the cathedral, chanting anti-government slogans and calling for the sacking of the interior minister, who is in charge of security. Scuffles broke out with the police when the protesters tried to push through their barricades, but there were no immediate reports of arrests. Police in full riot gear later arrived at the scene.

Egypt has seen a wave of attacks by Islamic militants since the military in 2013 overthrew President Mohammed Morsi, a freely elected leader and a senior Muslim Brotherhood official. Many of Morsi’s supporters blamed Christians for supporting the overthrow, and scores of churches and other Christian-owned properties in southern Egypt were ransacked that year.

The authorities have since 2013 waged a sweeping crackdown, jailing thousands of mostly Islamist dissidents and killing hundreds in clashes sparked by demonstrations.

Egypt’s Christians have long complained of discrimination in Egypt, contending they are denied top jobs in a wide range of fields, including academia and security apparatuses. Many Christians were relieved when Morsi and his Muslim Brotherhood were ousted in 2013 after just one year in power.

The church and many Christians have since rallied behind el-Sissi, although there have been growing voices of dissent within the community, arguing that little has changed in their lives under his rule, with their churches and property frequently attacked or torched by mobs of Muslim villagers led by militants in provinces south of Cairo.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0136327-ec897798df75ada575aa652cc23eb5e4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000045250 00000000000 015302  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        For many people, testing their Django applications is a mystery. They hear that they should be testing their code but often have no clue how to get started. And when they hit the testing docs, they find a deep dive on what functionality is available, but no guidance on how to implement.

This is the first in a series of blog posts to try to help alleviate this & get everyone on the testing bandwagon. I'll assume you've never done any testing before but that you're comfortable with Python & Django.

We'll be walking through adding tests to the perennial tutorial Django app. To make it easier to follow along, I've uploaded the code to Github with tags for the major steps & to show how the code changes over time.

Before we dive into code, let's introduce some basic concepts & talk about how to think/go about testing.

Why Should You Test Your Code?

"Code without tests is broken by design." - Jacob

Providing automated tests for your code is a way to repeatedly ensure, with minimal developer effort, that the code you wrote to handle a task works as advertised. I like to think of tests as my insurance policy. They generally keep me from breaking existing code & looking foolish to other people. They're also concrete proof that the code works correctly. Without that proof, what you have is a pile of code that worked right once on your machine & that you'll either have to hand-test again & again in the future or will break without you knowing any wiser.

When you first get started, writing tests is a scary task that sounds like extra work. But simple tests are easy to write and having some tests is better than no tests at all. And as you add new tests, your suite (and your confidence) grows with it.

This is not to say that tests solve everything. There will always be bugs in software. Maybe the tests miss a codepath or a user will use something in an unexpected way. But tests give you better confidence & a safety net.

Types Of Testing

There are many different types of testing. The prominent ones this series will cover are unit tests and integration tests.

Unit tests cover very small, highly-specific areas of code. There's usually relatively few interactions with other areas of the software. This style of testing is very useful on critical, complicated components, such as validation, importing or methods with complex business logic.

Integration tests are at the opposite end of the spectrum. These tests usually cover multiple different facets of the application working together to produce a result. They ensure that data flow is right & often handle multiple user interactions.

The main difference between these two types is not the tooling but the approach and what you choose to test. It's also a very common thing to mix & match these two types throughout your test suite as it is appropriate.

Tooling

Within the Python world, there are a wide variety of tools to test your code. Some popular options include:

unittest / unittest2

/ doctest

nose

This guide won't dive into doctests or nose tests, sticking to unittest . This is because tests written in unittest run the fastest when testing Django apps (thanks to some fun transactional bits). I'd encourage you to go investigate the other options, if only to expand your knowledge of what's available.

You should not confuse unittest (the library) with unit testing (the approach of testing small chunks of contiguous code). You'll often use the unittest library for both unit & **integration`` tests.

What To Test?

Another common setback for developers/designers new to testing is the question of "what should (or shouldn't) I test?" While there are no hard & fast rules here that neatly apply everywhere, there are some general guidelines I can offer on making the decision:

If the code in question is a built-in Python function/library, don't test it. Examples like the datetime library.

library. If the code in question is built into Django, don't test it. Examples like the fields on a Model or testing how the built-in template.Node renders included tags.

or testing how the built-in renders included tags. If your model has custom methods, you should test that, usually with unit tests.

Same goes for custom views, forms, template tags, context processors, middleware, management commands, etc. If you implemented the business logic, you should test your aspects of the code.

Another upfront question is "how far down do you go?" Again, there's no right answer here, save for "where am I comfortable?" If you start mumbling "yo dawg..." under your breath or humming the tune of the INCEPTION theme, you know you've probably gone too far. :D

When Should You Test?

Another point of decision is deciding whether to do test-first (a.k.a. Test Driven Development) or test-after. Test-first is where you write the necessary tests to demonstrate proper behavior of the code BEFORE you write the code to solve the problem at hand. Test-after is when you've already written the code to solve the problem, then you go back & create tests to make sure the behavior of the code you wrote is correct.

This choice comes down to personal preference. An advantage of test-driven development is that it forces you to not skimp on the tests & think about the API up front. However, it feels very unnatural at first & if you have no experience writing tests, you may be at a loss as to what to do. Test-after feels more natural but can lead to weak tests if they're hurried & not given the proper time/effort.

Something that is always appropriate, regardless of general style, is when you get a bug report. ALWAYS create a test case first & run your tests. Make sure it demonstrates the failure, THEN go fix the bug. If your fix is correct, that new test should pass! It's an excellent way to sanity check yourself & is a great way to get started with testing to boot.

Let's Get To It!

Now that we've got a solid foundation on the why, what & when of testing, we're going to start diving into code. Most people's first experiences with Django involve the classic "polls" app (introduced in Django's tutorial docs). Since the tutorial never adds or mentions tests for that application, we'll use it as a starting point.

You should clone the repository ( git clone https://github.com/toastdriven/guide-to-testing-in-django.git ) to follow along. Whenever a decent chunk of code or new concept is introduced, I will mention the tag you should check out ( git co <tagname> ).

Tag: 01-initial

Our starting point is the completed "polls" app (with a few bugs intentionally added for demonstration). The first thing we'll do is run the test suite, even though we haven't added any tests yet.

Run the following command:

python manage.py test

You'll get a large number of . s then the following output:

---------------------------------------------------------------------- Ran 307 tests in 5.763s OK

What? How are there so many tests and all of them already passing? The answer is that the various Django contrib apps that are included in the INSTALLED_APPS all have tests that run as part of the suite.

Since we trust that Django is working right, we'll run tests only for our application ( polls ). Run the following command:

python manage.py test polls

This limits the tests run only to those within the polls app. You should get something more reasonable, like:

. ---------------------------------------------------------------------- Ran 1 test in 0.000s OK

That's better, though we still have two unaccounted-for tests. When you run python manage.py startapp <appname> , this automatically creates a tests.py file within your app. This file has two basic, kinda-useless tests included. Something like:

""" This file demonstrates writing tests using the unittest module. These will pass when you run "manage.py test". Replace this with more appropriate tests for your application. """ from django.test import TestCase class SimpleTest(TestCase): def test_basic_addition(self): """ Tests that 1 + 1 always equals 2. """ self.assertEqual(1 + 1, 2)

Since 1 + 1 = 2 doesn't really test anything meaningful, we're going to get rid of these & replace them with something more useful. We'll start with the easiest area of Django to add new tests: views.

Adding Tests To Views

Step one is to nuke the existing tests. Select everything in tests.py & delete it all. Much better.

Tag: 02-first-test

Let's replace it with the simplest meaningful test we can do:

from django.test import TestCase class PollsViewsTestCase(TestCase): def test_index(self): resp = self.client.get('/polls/') self.assertEqual(resp.status_code, 200)

This code sets up a new test case ( PollsViewsTestCase ), which you can think of as a collection of related tests. Any method name starting with test will be run automatically & its output will be included in the testing output when we run the command.

The test itself is simple. We ask the Client ( self.client ) built-in to Django's TestCase to fetch the URL /polls/ using GET . We store that response (an HttpResponse in resp , then perform tests on it.

In this case, we do a simple check on what status code did we get back. Since successful HTTP GET requests result in a 200 , we do an assertEqual to make sure resp.status_code = 200 . When we run our tests, we get:

. ---------------------------------------------------------------------- Ran 1 test in 0.114s OK

Much better. And cheers, because we know that our index view works! Or does it? We know that the user will get a successful response, but we don't know what content the user will get.

Fortunately, we got back that HttpResponse we stashed in resp . As you (hopefully) know, HttpResponse objects include the content the user should get back. We could test that content against a known string. However, that'd be comparing the full rendered content of the page, which could have other elements involved (template tags, design changes, etc.) that could make our tests fail when there's nothing wrong.

Fortunately, there's a better way. The HttpResponse you get back has a number of additional properties on it that will make it easier for us to test. In particular, the useful ones are:

resp.status_code

resp.context

resp.templates

resp[<header name>]

Since the context should be very consistent between runs, let's use it to make sure things are on the up & up:

from django.test import TestCase class PollsViewsTestCase(TestCase): def test_index(self): resp = self.client.get('/polls/') self.assertEqual(resp.status_code, 200) self.assertTrue('latest_poll_list' in resp.context) self.assertEqual([poll.pk for poll in resp.context['latest_poll_list']], [1])

We add a check to make sure the latest_poll_list key is seen in the context . Then we make sure that the only Poll we have in our database is in that list of latest polls.

You might be asking "why use a list comprehension"? The answer is that, without using a list comprehension, what you'll actually get back out of the context is that list of the most recent five Polls . Since you're evaluating the list when you run assertEqual , the Poll objects will each return their __unicode__ method, which could change over time. By checking the pk , we make sure that out tests don't randomly fail in the future.

Let's run our tests:

python manage.py test polls

Uh-oh. This doesn't look good:

F ====================================================================== FAIL: test_index (polls.tests.PollsViewsTestCase) ---------------------------------------------------------------------- Traceback (most recent call last): File "/Users/daniel/Desktop/guide_to_testing/polls/tests.py", line 9, in test_index self.assertEqual([poll.pk for poll in resp.context['latest_poll_list']], [1]) AssertionError: Lists differ: [] != [1] Second list contains 1 additional elements. First extra element 0: 1 - [] + [1] ? + ---------------------------------------------------------------------- Ran 1 test in 0.100s FAILED (failures=1)

What happened? Our . was replaced with an F & we got a traceback saying AssertionError: Lists differ: [] != [1] . For some reason, the list of primary keys we were expecting wasn't there!

The reason is that tests don't run against the database you have in your settings.py . This could lead to destroying real data. Instead, Django runs your tests against a test-only database. When Django creates that database, it's completely empty, hence, the Poll that's present in our "live" database isn't there.

To fix this, we can manually recreate the data as part of the test.

import datetime from django.test import TestCase from polls.models import Poll, Choice class PollsViewsTestCase(TestCase): def test_index(self): poll_1 = Poll.objects.create( question='Are you learning about testing in Django?', pub_date=datetime.datetime(2011, 04, 10, 0, 37) ) choice_1 = Choice.objects.create( poll=poll_1, choice='Yes', votes=0 ) choice_2 = Choice.objects.create( poll=poll_1, choice='No', votes=0 ) resp = self.client.get('/polls/') self.assertEqual(resp.status_code, 200) self.assertTrue('latest_poll_list' in resp.context) self.assertEqual([poll.pk for poll in resp.context['latest_poll_list']], [1])

Now, if we run our tests, we get:

---------------------------------------------------------------------- Ran 1 test in 0.020s OK

Much better. However, that was a lot of work to create that data & having to do that a lot could get verbose, when what you want is for a test to be a concise as possible. There's a general solution to this problem, in the form of fixtures.

Adding fixtures

Fixtures are serialized data that are easy to load. And one of the best uses if for test data within test cases. There are several options for creating them:

python manage.py dumpdata

By hand

Applications like testmaker

For now, because we're lazy & want to use what's included with Django, we'll take our "live" database & dump that data. Run the following command:

mkdir polls/fixtures python manage.py dumpdata polls --indent=4 > polls/fixtures/polls_views_testdata.json

This gives us a new directory ( fixtures ) & drops some nicely formatted JSON data in polls_views_testdata.json . Let's use this new fixture to run our tests.

Warning - Fixture names are "project-wide", so make sure your fixtures have a unique name, otherwise you may get unexpected data.

Tag: 03-better-index

First, we need to modify our code to use this new fixture. We'll remove the model creation bits we added & use the TestCase.fixtures attribute to tell Django's testing facilities what data we want to use when running the tests.

import datetime from django.test import TestCase from polls.models import Poll, Choice class PollsViewsTestCase(TestCase): fixtures = ['polls_views_testdata.json'] def test_index(self): resp = self.client.get('/polls/') self.assertEqual(resp.status_code, 200) self.assertTrue('latest_poll_list' in resp.context) self.assertEqual([poll.pk for poll in resp.context['latest_poll_list']], [1])

When we run our tests, we see that they still pass correctly:

. ---------------------------------------------------------------------- Ran 1 test in 0.115s OK

This is great! Let's add a few more tests to make sure the question & choices are right as well.

import datetime from django.test import TestCase from polls.models import Poll, Choice class PollsViewsTestCase(TestCase): fixtures = ['polls_views_testdata.json'] def test_index(self): resp = self.client.get('/polls/') self.assertEqual(resp.status_code, 200) self.assertTrue('latest_poll_list' in resp.context) self.assertEqual([poll.pk for poll in resp.context['latest_poll_list']], [1]) poll_1 = resp.context['latest_poll_list'][0] self.assertEqual(poll_1.question, 'Are you learning about testing in Django?') self.assertEqual(poll_1.choice_set.count(), 2) choices = poll_1.choice_set.all() self.assertEqual(choices[0].choice, 'Yes') self.assertEqual(choices[0].votes, 1) self.assertEqual(choices[1].choice, 'No') self.assertEqual(choices[1].votes, 0)

We do some tests to make sure all the data we're expecting is there. Again, run the tests & receive an all-clear:

. ---------------------------------------------------------------------- Ran 1 test in 0.065s OK

Another point of note is that the individual test methods are what count toward the overall test results, not each assertion. So while we've fleshed out our test_index method, it's still only counted as one test.

Tag: 04-second-test

To introduce, more coverage, let's test the detail view. Add the following method to PollsViewsTestCase :

def test_detail(self): resp = self.client.get('/polls/1/') self.assertEqual(resp.status_code, 200) self.assertEqual(resp.context['poll'].pk, 1) self.assertEqual(resp.context['poll'].question, 'Are you learning about testing in Django?') # Ensure that non-existent polls throw a 404. resp = self.client.get('/polls/2/') self.assertEqual(resp.status_code, 404)

It uses all the same things we've already introduced, which is a very common pattern for views that simply display data. As a new twist, we're also checking to make sure that if a non-existent Poll primary key is requested, that we're correctly serving an Http404 .

Running the tests gives us:

E. ====================================================================== ERROR: test_detail (polls.tests.PollsViewsTestCase) ---------------------------------------------------------------------- Traceback (most recent call last): # ... lots here... TemplateDoesNotExist: 404.html ---------------------------------------------------------------------- Ran 2 tests in 0.418s FAILED (errors=1)

Oops! We made the common mistake of forgetting to add the 404.html and 500.html templates (since the test suite usually runs with settings.DEBUG = False ). We'll create those files (empty is fine for now) & we're back to passing tests:

.. ---------------------------------------------------------------------- Ran 2 tests in 0.097s OK

Since the results view is largely the same (at least right now), tests for that a largely a duplicate of the test_detail ones:

def test_results(self): resp = self.client.get('/polls/1/results/') self.assertEqual(resp.status_code, 200) self.assertEqual(resp.context['poll'].pk, 1) self.assertEqual(resp.context['poll'].question, 'Are you learning about testing in Django?') # Ensure that non-existent polls throw a 404. resp = self.client.get('/polls/2/results/') self.assertEqual(resp.status_code, 404)

Running the tests gives us:

... ---------------------------------------------------------------------- Ran 3 tests in 0.079s OK

This is actually very important, even though those tests are trivial, because those views could change in the future & having test coverage helps ensure that things aren't broken. As we refactor parts of the app in the next installment, you'll see how this can be important.

What's Next?

We've covered getting up & started with testing, going from no tests to ensuring that the display aspects of our application work properly. Things we'll cover next time:

Testing POST requests

Testing forms

Testing models

Updates                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0136109-9300e0d16cbc8b32ba6718593295d291.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006274 00000000000 014674  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A ruling party lawmaker has drafted a bill making female genital mutilation (FGM) a criminal offense in Russia and ordering up to 10 years in prison for those who perform the operation.

“Discrimination of women based on religious motives manifested in full or partial amputation of external sex organs must be punished by a prison sentence between five and seven years,” reads the draft prepared by MP Maria Maksakova-Igenbergs.

“The same crime committed against an underage person must be punished by a prison sentence between seven and 10 years,” it continues.

READ MORE: ‘Better ways for rite of passage’: UN chief calls for end to female genital mutilation

In a letter sent to major Russian media outlets and news agencies on Friday, the lawmaker noted that according to the Constitution, Russia is a secular state and no cult can be put by its followers above the country’s basic law, which applies to all citizens regardless of their religious beliefs.

Maksakova-Igenbergs also wrote that there is an article in the Constitution that guarantees equal rights to men and women, but that the medical and psychological consequences of male circumcision cannot be compared to those of female genital mutilation.

“Such interference is nothing other than a form of mutilation because this anachronism is being driven only by the idea that this procedure could physically keep women from having an immoral way of life,” she noted.

The topic of FGM was brought up in the Russian mass media earlier this week after the Rights Initiative NGO released a report claiming the procedure is being practiced in a number of remote villages in the predominantly Muslim south Russian republic of Dagestan. The group said that tens of thousands of women had gone through the procedure, which is usually performed on children before the age of three, since the 1970s.

In comments to the report, the mufti of the Coordination Center of North Caucasus Muslims, Ismail Berdiyev, said that in his view all women should be subject to the operation as this would “bring down sexuality and prevent lechery on Earth.”

The statement caused such an outcry in the mass media and on social networks that the mufti had to backtrack the very same day, saying that his words were a joke wrongly interpreted by the press.

READ MORE: Top Russian mufti who said FGM ‘reduces perversions’ tells RT his statement was ‘joke’ gone wrong



Maksakova-Igenbergs told RT that it was the public reaction on the subject that caused her to draft the bill banning FGM in Russia. “I was paralyzed by some people’s reaction to this report. They said something like ‘Sharia laws allow this but do not insist’ and ‘I personally see nothing bad in it’ and the like. I understood that this is some sort of hurtful superstition that can only be ended by a threat of criminal responsibility,” she said.

Earlier in the week a member of Russian Public Chamber, Diana Gurtskaya, addressed the Prosecutor General’s Office with a request to check the legality of exercising FGM in Russia as well as the facts of this practice described in the Rights Initiative report. Another similar request has been filed by the Russian Presidential Council for Human Rights.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0136477-0fdbfd635aa7dbc9f1b4355585e6e362.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011160 00000000000 015263  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Mark Carney says eurozone is caught in a debt trap and should ease hardline budget cuts just days after the Syriza election directly challenged policy

The Bank of England governor, Mark Carney, has launched a strong attack on austerity in the eurozone as he warned that he single-currency area was caught in a debt trap that could cost it a second lost decade.

Speaking in Dublin, Carney said the eurozone needed to ease its hardline budgetary policies and make rapid progress towards a fiscal union that would transfer resources from rich to poor countries.

“It is difficult to avoid the conclusion that, if the eurozone were a country, fiscal policy would be substantially more supportive,” the governor said. “However, it is tighter than in the UK, even though Europe still lacks other effective risk-sharing mechanisms and is relatively inflexible.”

Carney’s remarks come just three days after the election of the Syriza-led government in Greece presented a direct challenge to the austerity policies championed in the eurozone by Germany’s Angela Merkel.

Eurozone stalled by the toxic politics of the current climate Read more

While not mentioning any eurozone country by name, Carney made it clear that he thought the failure to complete the process of integration coupled with over-restrictive fiscal policies risked driving the 18-nation single currency area deeper into a debt trap.

“Since the financial crisis all major advanced economies have been in a debt trap where low growth deepens the burden of debt, prompting the private sector to cut spending further. Persistent economic weakness damages the extent to which economies can recover. Skills and capital atrophy. Workers become discouraged and leave the labour force. Prospects decline and the noose tightens.

“As difficult as it has been, some countries, including the US and the UK, are now escaping this trap. Others in the euro area are sinking deeper.”

Since the start of the eurozone crisis more than five years ago, Europe’s policy makers have been calling for the creation of a banking union and a fiscal union to stand alongside the monetary union that created the single currency. There have also been calls, from the European commission, the European Central Bank and individual governments for economic reforms to make the eurozone more competitive.

Carney noted: “As of this evening, progress on structural reforms in the euro area remains uneven. Cross border risk sharing through the financial system has slid backwards. Europe’s leaders do not currently foresee fiscal union as part of monetary union. Such timidity has costs.”

The governor added that there are four features of Britain’s economic model that showed how to escape a debt trap: an integrated financial system that channelled savings into investment; fiscal policy that moved money around the UK and was flexible enough to allow budget deficits to rise during downturns; the economy was open and flexible; and the monetary policy operated by Threadneedle Street was credible.

He contrasted the UK with the eurozone, where output unadjusted for inflation has increased by 5% in almost seven years and inflation excluding fuel and food prices has been below 1% for over a year. “This is potentially dangerous. Low nominal growth is intensifying the euro area’s debt burden. The fear of stagnation is holding back spending and investment.”

Carney has been vocal in his support for the European Central Bank’s decision to start buying government and commercial debt in its own version of the quantitative easing programmes, but said the Frankfurt-based central bank was unable alone to eliminate the threat of a prolonged stagnation. “These exist primarily because, in most respects, the current construction of the euro area is unfinished.”

The governor expressed scepticism about whether improving competitiveness through driving down costs – a process known as internal devaluation – would work. “Internal devaluations simply reallocate demand within the currency union. They do not boost aggregate demand in the euro area as a whole. Put another way, since competitiveness is relative, a solution for some cannot be a solution for all.”

Carney said the eurozone’s unemployment rate of 11.5% was more than double that of the UK, but its fiscal deficit – the gap between tax revenues and spending – was only half the size of the UK’s. The eurozone, he said, should be using a “constructive” fiscal policy to support demand and mitigate the “tail risks of stagnation”.

He added: “Europe needs a comprehensive, coherent plan to anchor expectations, build confidence and escape its debt trap.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136468-d8e96751f28fdd0ab5b63a101283cedc.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014016 00000000000 015255  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (Isis) is the first terrorist group whose members have grown up on the internet. They are exploiting the power of the web to create a jihadi threat with near-global reach. The challenge to governments and their intelligence agencies is huge – and it can only be met with greater co-operation from technology companies.

Terrorists have long made use of the internet. But Isis’s approach is different in two important areas. Where al-Qaeda and its affiliates saw the internet as a place to disseminate material anonymously or meet in “dark spaces”, Isis has embraced the web as a noisy channel in which to promote itself, intimidate people, and radicalise new recruits.

The extremists of Isis use messaging and social media services such as Twitter, Facebook and WhatsApp, and a language their peers understand. The videos they post of themselves attacking towns, firing weapons or detonating explosives have a self-conscious online gaming quality. Their use of the World Cup and Ebola hashtags to insert the Isis message into a wider news feed, and their ability to send 40,000 tweets a day during the advance on Mosul without triggering spam controls, illustrates their ease with new media. There is no need for today’s would-be jihadis to seek out restricted websites with secret passwords: they can follow other young people posting their adventures in Syria as they would anywhere else.

The Isis leadership understands the power this gives them with a new generation. The grotesque videos of beheadings were remarkable not just for their merciless brutality, which we have seen before from al-Qaeda in Iraq, but for what Isis has learnt from that experience. This time the “production values” were high and the videos stopped short of showing the actual beheading. They have realised that too much graphic violence can be counter-productive in their target audience and that by self-censoring they can stay just the right side of the rules of social media sites, capitalising on western freedom of expression.

Isis also differs from its predecessors in the security of its communications. This presents an even greater challenge to agencies such as GCHQ. Terrorists have always found ways of hiding their operations. But today mobile technology and smartphones have increased the options available exponentially. Techniques for encrypting messages or making them anonymous which were once the preserve of the most sophisticated criminals or nation states now come as standard. These are supplemented by freely available programs and apps adding extra layers of security, many of them proudly advertising that they are “Snowden approved”. There is no doubt that young foreign fighters have learnt and benefited from the leaks of the past two years.

GCHQ and its sister agencies, MI5 and the Secret Intelligence Service, cannot tackle these challenges at scale without greater support from the private sector, including the largest US technology companies which dominate the web. I understand why they have an uneasy relationship with governments. They aspire to be neutral conduits of data and to sit outside or above politics. But increasingly their services not only host the material of violent extremism or child exploitation, but are the routes for the facilitation of crime and terrorism. However much they may dislike it, they have become the command-and-control networks of choice for terrorists and criminals, who find their services as transformational as the rest of us. If they are to meet this challenge, it means coming up with better arrangements for facilitating lawful investigation by security and law enforcement agencies than we have now.

For our part, intelligence agencies such as GCHQ need to enter the public debate about privacy. I think we have a good story to tell. We need to show how we are accountable for the data we use to protect people, just as the private sector is increasingly under pressure to show how it filters and sells its customers’ data. GCHQ is happy to be part of a mature debate on privacy in the digital age. But privacy has never been an absolute right and the debate about this should not become a reason for postponing urgent and difficult decisions.

To those of us who have to tackle the depressing end of human behaviour on the internet, it can seem that some technology companies are in denial about its misuse. I suspect most ordinary users of the internet are ahead of them: they have strong views on the ethics of companies, whether on taxation, child protection or privacy; they do not want the media platforms they use with their friends and families to facilitate murder or child abuse. They know the internet grew out of the values of western democracy, not vice versa. I think those customers would be comfortable with a better, more sustainable relationship between the agencies and the technology companies. As we celebrate the 25th anniversary of the spectacular creation that is the world wide web, we need a new deal between democratic governments and the technology companies in the area of protecting our citizens. It should be a deal rooted in the democratic values we share. That means addressing some uncomfortable truths. Better to do it now than in the aftermath of greater violence.

The writer is the director of GCHQ, a UK government intelligence and security organisation

——————————————-

Letters in response to this article:

Helping rid the internet of child abuse images / From Mark Wood

Of course the internet can be misused – so can a car / From Alessandro Ciravegna

GCHQ’s flawed premise that the internet is a tool of terror / From Emma Carr

Mr Hannigan is perfectly entitled to his views / From Charles Brendon

Tech giants can choose what to publish or not to publish / From Sam Scott

Need to intrude must be demonstrated, not merely asserted / From Mark Stephens

The nerve of Richard Hannigan to accuse private companies of misusing the internet / From Richard Horton

Robert Hannigan must remember the fundamental tenet of British freedom / From Malcolm Rasala                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136492-8068b725e1809cc5eab55a5506816d88.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006622 00000000000 014717  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Cherry Coke is one of the things that helped me get through last years particularly strenuous school year of developing and teaching and overloaded schedule of college courses coupled with wedding planning. It also is one of the first things I turn to when I feel a migraine beginning (something about the caffeine, plus the sugar, plus the bubbles). But I try not to become too attached to it and currently I try to save it for "special occasions." Though, finding a restaurant with fountain cherry coke (or better yet, coke with grenadine) is a "special occasion" all its' own.

Cherry Coke Cake

Cherry Coke Soaking Syrup

Cherry Coke Icing

This looks so good! I may make a Coke cake for my birthday coming up. (It won't be nearly as pretty though.) 4 / 5 Oleh Edward Mian Oleh

makes two 8" cake layers (or approximately 24 cupcakes)(note: if you want to make this cake more than 2 layers, I suggest portioning the cake batter into multiple pans & adjusting the baking time. I'm not sure these cake layers would torte very well...)8 oz Unsalted Butter, plus additional for preparing the pan0.60 oz Cocoa Powder12 oz Cherry Coke (1 can)11.30 oz AP Flour, plus additional for preparing the pan11 oz Granulated Sugar1 tsp Baking Soda1/2 tsp Fine Grain Sea Salt2 eggs8 fl oz Buttermilk1 tsp Cola Syrup (optional)1 tsp Grenadine1. In a heavy sauce pan, heat the butter, cocoa powder and cherry coke until the butter melts & the mixture simmers. Set aside to cool.2. Prepare two 8" cake pans by buttering them (I like to use the leftover butter wrappers from step 1), lining the bottom with a circle of parchment, and flouring the pans. Preheat oven to 350 F.3. In a large bowl, whisk together the AP flour, sugar, soda, and salt. In a separate bowl, combine the eggs and buttermilk. Once the butter/cocoa/coke mixture cools, add the optional cola syrup & grenadine.4. In the dry ingredient bowl, make a well in the center of the ingredients. Pour in the cherry coke mixture & whisk to combine. Add the buttermilk/egg mixture & stir everything together until just incorporated.5. Evenly divide the batter between the two cake pans & bake for 35 minutes (or until a cake tester comes out clean). Cool on a rack.12 oz Cherry CokeGrenadineCoke Syrup1. Pour the soda into a sauce pan, heat over medium high heat & allow it to reduce by half. Don't forget about it or you'll have quite the mess!2. Cool completely. Add additional grenadine & coke syrup to taste.adapted from the Tasty Kitchen 2.7 oz AP Flour8 fl oz Milk8 fl oz Cherry Coke16 oz butter, softened but still cool14 oz Granulated sugar (NOT confectioners)4 oz Grenadine (plus more to taste)1. In a saucepan, whisk the flour together with the milk and cherry coke. Cook the mixture, whisking constantly, until it thickens. The mixture should resemble thick gravy. Remove from the heat and cool to room temperature.2. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, whip the sugar and butter on high speed until the sugar dissolves and the mixture lightens in color and increases in volume. This process does take a while, so have patience!3. Add the completely cooled milk/flour/coke mixture to the creamed butter. Beat until it resembles whipped cream. The mixture may look curdled, but keep beating! Add the grenadine.4. Taste the icing & determine if it has enough cherry flavor for your liking. If it doesn't, add additional grenadine.5. Reserve at room temperature until ready to assemble the cake.                                                                                                              0136437-0447456fa6f8f3c898fba64f481951a9.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003667 00000000000 015023  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A Detroit-area teacher has been placed on leave for allegedly using physical force to make an 11-year-old student stand during the Pledge of Allegiance.

Stone Chaney, a sixth grader at East Middle School in the suburban Detroit area of Farmington Hills, Michigan, says he has declined to participate in the pledge since second grade because he believes he should only pledge to God and family.

Chaney said he takes after his father, who works for a neighboring school district, who also sits during the pledge.

“God said don’t worship anything other than me, don’t worship any idols, and pledging to a flag would kind of be like worshiping it,” Chaney told WJBK. “It’s not if I have a reason or not, it’s my right.”

Chaney said he had been doing homework during the pledge on September 7 when a teacher physically grabbed him from his chair.

“A teacher just comes up, puts her arms under my armpits and snatches me out of my chair. I say I don’t stand for the pledge, she just glares at me and walks away,” Chaney said. “I just feel like my rights were violated.”

Farmington Public Schools Superintendent George Heitsch told Fox News that the district is investigating the incident and one teacher has been placed on leave as a result.

Heitsch said students have a right to sit out the Pledge of Allegiance, adding that students and faculty have a right “to be treated with dignity and respect,” Heitsch said.

Phillina Mullin, Chaney’s mother, said the teacher had no right to touch her son.

Chaney said he hopes that ex-NFL player Colin Kaepernick, who became famous for sitting out the National Anthem to protest police brutality, takes notice of his quest to sit out the pledge.

Other teachers have been fired for taking a stand against those who choose to sit out the Pledge of Allegiance. A driver’s education teacher in Chicago had been fired in April for refusing to teach a student who did not want to stand for the pledge.                                                                         0136514-122d7f977279f815e9b0b2281b814b29.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002312 00000000000 014622  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured, along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer. 2011 May 13



A Beautiful Trifid

Image Credit & Copyright: R Jay Gabany

Explanation: The beautiful Trifid Nebula is a cosmic study in colorful contrasts. Also known as M20, it lies about 5,000 light-years away toward the nebula rich constellation Sagittarius. A star forming region in the plane of our galaxy, the Trifid illustrates three different types of astronomical nebulae; red emission nebulae dominated by light emitted by hydrogen atoms, blue reflection nebulae produced by dust reflecting starlight, and dark nebulae where dense dust clouds appear in silhouette. The bright red emission region, roughly separated into three parts by obscuring, dark dust lanes, lends the Trifid its popular name. In this well met scene, the red emission is also juxtaposed with the telltale blue haze of reflection nebulae. Pillars and jets sculpted by newborn stars, below and left of the emission nebula's center, appear in Hubble Space Telescope close-up images of the region. The Trifid Nebula is about 40 light-years across.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136233-41ed0f542a98374914e8ebc4ba9fed1e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005032 00000000000 015255  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        New Delhi. The begging mafia in Delhi is getting ingenious and keeping with modern times. After using pictures of Hindu gods and goddesses to extract money from the believers, beggars are now using pictures of Jimmy Wales, founder of Wikipedia, and swindling money from internet savvy residents of the national capital in the name of donation to the community driven free web-based encyclopedia.

“I was surprised when this 9-year-old kid knocked on my window and showed me Jimmy’s picture,” Rashi Taneja, a final year MBA student at FMS recalled her experience when she was driving last evening, “Of course I use Wikipedia for my project reports too often and I couldn’t help giving 50 rupees to the kid, who gave a thumbs-up to me as if liking something on Facebook.”

Such pictures of Jimmy are taking people by surprise at traffic lights

It was only later that Rashi realized that she might have been cheated, for an organization like Wikimedia Foundation would never employ child labor and begging tricks for raising funds.

“I was shocked to find out that there was no mention of ‘donating on traffic lights to beggars’ as a way to give money to Wikipedia on their website,” Rashi said, “Oh my god, I guess he was the same kid who had sold me a heart-shaped balloon for 100 rupees on Valentine’s Day.”

The Delhi police have denied any knowledge of the fake Wikipedia donation racket being run by the begging mafia in the city.

“Begging was banned only during the Commonwealth Games,” Ranjeet Sharma, a traffic police constable informed, “we can’t act against them till there is any written complaint against this Jimmy guy. Who is he by the way?”

Unlike the police department, the begging mafia in Delhi has accessed and updated themselves with all the information about Jimmy Wales, and the beggars have been trained to answer any queries by suspecting Wikipedia users.

“His first wife’s name was Pam,” says 13-year-old Suraj designated at India Gate, further adding with a wink, “Not Pamela Anderson if you thought so.”

Ravindar, the kingpin of the begging mafia in Delhi, confirms that the latest “initiative” has returned favorable results and they were all set to take the campaign to the next stage and make it more “impactful”.

“We have ordered Jimmy Wales masks, similar to Narendra Modi and Rahul Gandhi masks,” informs Ravindar, “our kids would wear them and suddenly appear at the windscreens of cars at traffic lights, just like Jimmy Wales’ picture suddenly loads on a Wikipedia pages currently.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136473-c983fc351cf9e23dac778727b955035d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015200 00000000000 015054  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        http://gty.im/835655698

Detroit Improves To 2-0 With A Home Win Against New York.

Lions vs. Jets was the highlight in Detroit on Saturday, as the Lions made their home debut. After coming off an impressive win over the Colts in week one, the kool-aid was getting passed around Detroit as fans jumped on the Kenny Golladay train and believed that the defense did improve. Injuries to defensive end Kerry Hyder and linebacker Brandon Copeland scared fans as they feared for the worst before the season even began. Detroit was able to put up another winning performance on Saturday and brew up more kool-aid for their fans.

Offense

Matt Stafford had a complete 180 from last week. While there was another drop that was popped up and could have been an interception, the Jets messed up that opportunity. Stafford was able to throw a dime touchdown to Marvin Jones and finish the day 8/10 for 84 yards and one touchdown. Jake Rudock had a good week one, and a bad week two, finishing 8/13 for 84 yards and an interception. Brad Kayaa went 4/7 for 38 yards.

The rushing game existed somewhat for the Lions, finishing with 70 yards on the ground. Stafford was able to set up some pass plays based off the run, something that wasn’t possible last season. Dwayne Washington finished as the leading rusher with eight carries for 24 yards, while starter Ameer Abdullah finished with four carries for 16 yards. Tion Green also had eight carries, but only for 14 yards.

Marvin Jones was the main man this week, getting four catches for 34 yards and a touchdown, after recovering from a drop earlier in the game. Golden Tate had two catches for 34 yards and a drop as well, something all the wide receivers need to work on. TJ Jones had one catch for 11 yards as the number three wide receiver and the hype train for Kenny Golladay cooled as he finished with only one catch for six yards. Jace Billingsley had three catches for 29 yards, as he looked like a Golden Tate clone out there, and rookie tight end Michael Roberts had two catches for 29 yards.

TJ Lang made his debut for the Lions and did well with only one noticeable mistake. Left guard Graham Glasgow struggled somewhat last week, improved and looked better besides one hiccup play. Greg Robinson looked good again at left tackle, while Cyrus Kuondijo struggled with a holding penalty and was spun around on one play. The Jets had eight sacks in their first game of the preseason, today they were held to just three.

http://gty.im/835655682

Defense

The defensive line looked strong again, even without starting end Kerry Hyder. Anthony Zettel started last week in place for Ansah, who likely won’t play a snap this preseason, and did well with two tackles. Akeem Spence did well with his time on the field, getting two tackles and a sack. Cornelius Washington started in place for Hyder and made his debut and landed a shot on Christan Hackenberg. The line ended up with two sacks total and 85 rushing yards allowed.

Hackenberg just got wrecked by Cornelius Washington #Lions pic.twitter.com/47fwwNkkzk — Russell Brown (@RussNFLDraft) August 19, 2017

Jarrad Davis did well again this week, getting two tackles and playing well in space. The linebackers did well in coverage as well, allowing one tight end catch for only 12 yards, and only allowing running back Bilal Powell to catch two passes for 14 yards. Another rookie linebacker Jalen Reeves-Maybin looked well despite only getting one tackle. Paul Worrilow seemed to be a good depth linebacker addition, getting three tackles.

The Jets weren’t allowed to throw the ball in Detroit, as the Lions defensive backs allowed 165 yards through the air. D.J. Hayden had a tackle and a pass deflection, and Nevin Lawson had a pass deflection as well. Jamal Agnew was the main cornerback tonight, leading the team in tackles with seven and getting a pass deflection as he was targeted heavily in the second half, and while he did allow a few completions, he did well with the competition. Miles Killebrew started with Tavon Wilson sitting, and he finished with three tackles, one for loss. Charles Washington was able to get a sack as well and Rolan Milligan got a late interception.

Special Teams were impressive again, Matt Prater ended with 3/3 on field goal attempts, his longest from 50 yards out. Punter Kasey Redfern was solid again, punting six times for 266 yards, two landing inside the 20. TJ Jones was the main punt returner, getting three returns for 18 yards, while rookie Jamal Agnew had one return for six yards and Keshawn Martin had one for 22 yards. Keshawn Martin was the only one returning kicks, getting two for 60 yards.

Preseason Week 2: What It Means

TJ Lang coming back means he is close to returning 100 percent, which is good news for Lions fans. He should be ready to go in full capacity by the season opener.

Kenny Golladay practiced with the first team once last week, and played with them on one drive, but never got a look from Stafford. TJ Jones had one catch and returned more punts, so if he does lose the number three wide receiver job, he could possibly stay as the main punt returner.

Detroit was able to create pressure with many different guys, something that wasn’t popular in 2016 as Kerry Hyder and A’Shawn Robinson were the main two linemen that could get to the quarterback and create pressure more than anyone else.

Preseason Week 2: What To Think About

Two drops in the first quarter for Detroit and both from veteran receivers, Marvin Jones and Golden Tate. Detroit dropping the ball on offense was one of the main issues last season, and with it continuing so far in the preseason isn’t a good look.

Producing turnovers was an issue for the defense in Detroit last season and like the drops on the offense, it showed again on Saturday. Detroit was able to recover a fumble on a missed punt return for the Jets and get a late game interception but missed out on two more fumble recoveries and an interception that was dropped by Glover Quin. If Detroit wants to win more games, or more games without having to pull a fourth quarter comeback, getting those turnovers and scoring on drives off those turnovers are things that they need to do.

Detroit has done well in its first two games, but the competition hasn’t been the greatest. Luckily for them, they play the defending Super Bowl champion New England Patriots next week, and that is the week where the starters play the most. That will give Detroit a good check on how they are with the best of the best, as a possible full half of Stafford vs. Brady could be entertaining.

Thanks for reading! Don’t forget to follow me on Twitter @BKnappBlogs, find me on Reddit at /u/sportsguy4life and leave me your thoughts on the Detroit Lions subreddit.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136495-5bbaacb27a8d8f0da8015a3ab10dfe6f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005726 00000000000 015542  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Well, it’s finally happening. FC Cincinnati (USL) will host Columbus Crew SC (MLS) in the fourth round of the US Open Cup. Talks about an Ohio Derby between the two clubs have emerged recently if FC Cincinnati were to be granted an MLS Expansion bid.

For now, they’ll settle with meeting in the nation’s oldest single elimination soccer tournament. Established club will meet new kid on the block in the fourth round of the competition next week.

Columbus Crew SC-FC Cincinnati: U.S. Open Cup Match To Get More Recognition Than Usual

News broke that Columbus would play FC Cincinnati after their 3-0 win over the 2016 MLS Cup champions Seattle Sounders last Saturday. It was confirmed once Cincy knocked off Louisville City in the third round of the U.S. Open Cup. This is a game that they were waiting for.

Once Crewville found out their opponent for the tournament, supporters were right on the jump, figuring out how to purchase tickets. One supporter even worked on getting a bus trip down to Nippert Stadium for the match. Once tickets went on sale, Crew SC supporters went crazy.

A Fourth Round showdown in the 2017 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup is set for June 14 in Cincinnati.

🏆🇺🇸 https://t.co/6roZV7pYBi pic.twitter.com/jUZcy2tzph — Columbus Crew SC (@ColumbusCrewSC) June 1, 2017

Here’s why.

How Many Traveling Supporters?

FC Cincinnati, the current tenants at Nippert Stadium, opened up one section for traveling fans. Within a day, those seats were sold. FC Cincy staff opened up another section for the Black and Gold faithful, and that too sold out. A third — yes, a whole other section — opened up and…well, you get the point. It appears that Crew SC supporters will occupy four sections for this match.

If calculations are correct, and all seats in all four sections are purchased, over 1,100+ Crew SC supporters will be making the two-hour drive from Columbus to Cincinnati.

According to the Twitter page ‘@NorOnTour,‘ there are still 17 spots left on the bus down. It’s pretty much guaranteed those will be gone soon. By the sounds of it, there may be two buses going down, but it may just be the one.

It’s also worth noting that once tickets went on sale to the general public, the FC Cincinnati website crashed due to “extremely high call volume and traffic.” Over 15,000 tickets have been sold to the general public.

We’re experiencing EXTREMELY high call volume and traffic on our website for tickets to our #USOC2017 match. We’re working to get to you! https://t.co/yeJvbJ6ZAu — FC Cincinnati (@fccincinnati) June 6, 2017

In addition, ‘The Bailey,’ the main supporter group area for FC Cincy supporters has also sold out.

The modern era attendance record for this round was set when Real Salt Lake played a then NASL side Minnesota United FC. That match saw 17,212. Columbus versus Cincinnati could potentially break the record.

The match is set for Wednesday, June 14. Kickoff is scheduled for 7:00 pm EST from Nippert Stadium in Cincinnati, Ohio.                                          0136406-0ad4cd9275c4b88f8b4b77280f61157d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012453 00000000000 015047  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        LIMA, Peru — Syrian President Bashar al-Assad might want to think twice before fleeing to Latin America with his family.

He is reported to have sent his deputy foreign minister, Faisal al-Miqdad, on a trip to Cuba, Ecuador and Venezuela to sound out their respective leaders about the possibility of asylum.

All three countries have left-wing governments that are, to varying degrees and in different ways, antagonistic toward the US.

The most likely destination for the Syrian despot would appear to be Venezuela. Its President Hugo Chavez recently described Assad as his country’s “legitimate” leader.

That remark came despite the fact that Assad was appointed by his late father and Syria’s previous unelected leader, Hafez al-Assad, and has spent the last two years presiding over a massacre of thousands of his compatriots as they fight to topple him.

Cuba could be another real possibility. After half a century of cold war with Washington, the Caribbean island might feel it has little to lose by offering Assad an escape route from a similar fate to that of Libyan strongman Muammar Gaddafi.

Meanwhile, Ecuador is already locked in a face-off with the US, UK and Sweden after granting asylum to WikiLeaks' founder Julian Assange.

Now holed up in a tiny room in Ecuador’s embassy in London, Assange faces questioning over alleged sex crimes in Scandinavia and, he claims, potential extradition to the US for trial over leaking classified documents.

Yet it is far from clear whether any of those three governments would actually want to offer refuge to Assad.

And even if one of them did make that controversial move, they would likely be offering Assad no more than temporary respite from a potential high-profile trial for crimes against humanity.

In Venezuela, Chavez was re-elected in October but the odds of him actually seeing out his new six-year term appear increasingly long.

In the final weeks of the campaign, the former army officer seemed to be in full remission from the cancer that had seen him shuttling to Cuba for radiotherapy several times during the previous year.

Yet, he appears to have sickened again since his election triumph and is now returning to Cuba for more treatment, prompting speculation that his remarkable recovery was the result of the temporary use of steroids and other unsustainable drugs.

Should Chavez die in the first four years of his six year term, Venezuelan law requires a presidential election to be held within 30 days.

Given the lack of an obvious Chavez heir and the strong campaign run by challenger Henrique Capriles, who argues that Venezuela should be allying itself with “democracies” rather than the likes of Iran and Syria, asylum for Assad in Caracas today could easily lead to the dock tomorrow, either back in Damascus or in the International Criminal Court in the Hague.

Meanwhile, Cuba’s leader, Raul Castro, is now 81 and the regime he heads has been in power since 1960. As the world passes Cuba by — most Cubans have never even used the internet — the day must surely be nearing when the country transitions out of the shadow of Raul’s older brother, Fidel.

And that begs the question of whether Raul Castro would even want to grant asylum to the cornered Syrian autocrat.

The Cuban leader appears more pragmatic than his senior sibling who, for all his nose-thumbing at the US, never stooped to anything as low as offering refuge to a man quickly moving up the rankings of history’s greatest mass murderers.

That leaves Ecuador, and its obstreperous, wildly popular president, Rafael Correa, purveyor of some of the region’s most sophisticated anti-American rhetoric.

Correa has, in the recent past, booted out the US ambassador and delighted in facing down Washington and London over the fate of Assange.

More from GlobalPost: In Ecuador, a quiet war on whistleblowers

Yet the former economics professor in charge of Ecuador is nothing if not a canny operator. And there is a vast qualitative difference between putting up WikiLeaks’ vain self-publicist and Assad, his hands stained with blood and, with the exception of the governments in Venezuela, Iran, Russia and China, facing universal condemnation.

Latin America has a long tradition of providing shelter to those facing persecution, justly or unjustly, in their homelands.

Mexico, for example, granted asylum to everyone from Russian revolutionary Leon Trotsky, attempting to escape Stalin's clutches, to the film director Luis Bunuel, fleeing Franco’s regime in Spain, and the widow of ousted Chilean President Salvador Allende.

Yet a more appropriate analogy for Assad’s possible Latin American escapade might be that of the wave of Nazis who fled to South America, with or without the blessing of the local authorities, as the Third Reich crumbled around them.

Many spent the rest of their lives in hiding, constantly looking over their shoulders for Mossad assassins, and dying lonely, anonymous deaths.

But the most famous of them all, former SS officer Adolf Eichmann, was seized by Israeli agents in 1960 from his home in Argentina. He was eventually tried and hanged for helping orchestrate the Holocaust.

With some 20,000 Syrians dead as a result of the stricken strongman’s desperate clinging to power, a similar sticky ending could surely not be ruled out were Assad to embark on his own Latin American adventure.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136411-da553a4c75e4471d06a5956bfb0615ae.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005165 00000000000 015104  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        New Delhi: The Indian community living in the African nation of Democratic Republic of Congo has been the target of a massive protest over the past few days following the gruesome murder of a Congolese national in South Delhi last week.

Thousands of angry protesters have reportedly taken to the streets in the Congolese capital of Kinshasa, demanding appropriate action from their government in response to the attack in India.

Kinshasa's Indian community who are mostly shopkeepers have been the target of a massive public outcry.

According to some reports, shops owned by Indians were pelted with stones, and other forms of retaliation, prompting the local police to whisk some of them away to safety.

An amateur video of the protests in Kinshasa, which was uploaded on social media, shows an Indian shopkeeper was shutting down his shop in the presence of police officers, while a large number of people gathered outside and shouting.

The Indians have been reportedly asked to keep their shops closed till the tension ends. There are reportedly about 5,000 Indian shopkeepers in Kinhasa alone.

Last Friday, Congolese national Masonda Ketada Oliver was bludgeoned to death in Delhi's Kishangadh area during a street brawl.

The 29-year-old was returning home in South Extension from Kishangadh area near Vasant Kunj when he got into an argument with three local youths over an auto rickshaw.

Olivier suffered an agonising death after his head was smashed with a stone.

His sudden death has shocked his friends who had planned a surprise birthday bash for him the next day.

According to police, Oliver used to teach French language in a private institute.

Although the police maintain that it was a case of street fight, the victim's friend who was with Olivier and managed to escape after the fight broke out, has alleged that it was a racial attack.

Three men, allegedly drunk, came and argued over hiring the same auto rickshaw, he said.

The brutal killing was captured in a CCTV camera.

Police said one of the accused Mobin Azad Saifi (23) has been arrested, while two others - identified as Mukesh and Prakash - are absconding.

The attackers have criminal history and have been jailed in the past.

Meanwhile, the envoys of several African nations in Delhi have termed the assault as a racial attack and demanded the Indian government to guarantee the safety of Africans.

Responding to their concerns, Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj said that her government is committed to the safety and security of African nationals in India. She has asked the Delhi Lieutenant Governor to fast-track the case.

The government, however, said it was not a racial attack.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0136497-ea43754f77b5adc8077c702f7ca959ed.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003711 00000000000 015225  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Parasyte -the maxim- has become one of the top anime on Toonami, and what better way to celebrate its immense success than with an awesome release? We're very happy to reveal the Parasyte -the maxim- Limited Edition Premium Box Set! We've broken up the contents for you guys to view below. Let's take a look at the first collection box set, and everything that's in it!

Chipboard Box

The Parasyte -the maxim- chipboard box is made of sturdy cardboard, that can be used to deflect unwanted pokes, lingering stares and occasionally fleshy shaped knife like appendages. The front and back art is designed to scare away would be predators, should the situation turn from your favor.





DVD/Blu-ray Combo

The Parasyte Premium Box Set comes with both a Blu-ray and DVD version of the first 12 episodes of the series, detailing the beginning of the Parasyte invasion on Earth, Shinichi's transformation from unassuming background character to raving badass, and Migi's ascention from flubby bookworm to bonafide wrist rocket.

Extras Box

The Extras box contains all the goodies that come along with the premium box set. The artwork may be familiar to many of you, since it's the show's key art (the defining and identifying image that goes along with every title).

Goodies

Inside the Extras box you will find some awesome Migi inspired temporary tattoos so you can brew up your own parasyte in house, and a nifty lense wipe for your glasses in case you get any kind of foreign matter on them, bloody or otherwise. Finally we have one of the most interesting items in the set: the Green-eyed Migi Be@rbrick collectable figure from Medicom Toys. This bad boy is exclusive to the Parasyte Premium Box Set, so heads up all you Be@rbrick collectors out there!

There you have it, the Parasyte -the maxim- Limited Edition Premium Box Set! Preorders for the set will be up soon, make sure to follow us on Twitter and Like us on Facebook for additional info and to find out when it will be available!                                                       0136119-f713f10c42c82b6eca80da0dc1066160.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012340 00000000000 015056  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As I was going through the features of the new BlackBerry Z30 it hit me that the phone’s problem is that it doesn’t give us what Apple says we should want, it gives us what we actually should want. Somehow the years of brilliant Apple marketing have convinced us that, in a phone, what we want are things a phone really isn’t good for, or at best should be secondary to phone function. The rolling joke from day one, which I’m finding less funny at the moment because it’s a joke on me, was that the iPhone is great at everything but being a phone. But instead laughing it off the Island Samsung and others have emulated it which means we have a ton of Smartphones which do amazing things but kind of suck at, well, being a phone.

Granted the Z30 comes out at a time when BlackBerry is under a cloud. As I write this, it appears the firm’s ability to find a buyer or an investor who will take the company private has floundered, but with millions of customers it is still doubtful the firm will fail. But I think its success will be predicated based on its ability to get us to rethink what we want in a smartphone, switching to what really is important from where we are now. Let’s discuss this in the context of the Z30 and ask if Apple made us stupid.

Benchmarking

I spent years benchmarking products and there are two parts of a benchmarking exercise that is often forgotten. One is start with a set of requirements, not start with an existing product, and the second is to apply weightings to those requirements because each will have a different importance. For instance if you were benchmarking cars and you had kids, having adequate safety for your kids would generally rate higher than having a pretty blue display on the stereo system. You might want the latter but your requirement for the firmer would likely be absolute. This allows you to rank products based on your specific needs.





Image via Shutterstock

Why a Z30 is Better than an iPhone 5s

On a list of priorities for something with the name “phone” in it should include battery life, wireless range (fewer dropped calls), and for something that is in the Smartphone class, the screen size does matter. Let’s touch on each.

Battery Life: It doesn’t matter if a phone has a pretty screen, tons of apps, or can connect to iTunes if the fricken battery is dead. Seriously, a decade ago we measured phones on battery life and that was one of the most important aspects of the phone and that battery life was measured in days; and not single digit hours. The Z30 has a massive battery that should again give days of battery life.

Connectivity: The number of apps and how thin the device is pale against the need to be connected. Having an important call dropped or being unable to connect in the first place. The Z30 has two antennas, not one, and each can be dynamically adjusted to work together to significantly increase range. This slowed the phone to market because the FCC hadn’t seen this technology used in a phone before and thus increased the review time for the product.

Screen Size: While the BlackBerry Z30 is hardly unique with a 5-inch screen their use of more efficient AMOLED makes it one of the most power frugal contributing to battery life. But in a Smartphone smaller isn’t better, bigger is better because you get more screen real estate to work with. The market share shift from phones in the iPhones class to ones that have larger screens suggest this, the size of the screen, is a feature people value highly.

Industry Standard Plugs

In Europe they actually made this a requirement (one that Apple is currently choosing not to comply with) but when you use industry standard plugs you can borrow chargers, share chargers with other products from different vendors, and more easily connect to things like projectors (though, on this last, this is rarely done with Smartphones today. Having the combination of longer battery life and more power access should be a significant advantage.

Storage Expandability

Also not unique to the Z30 is an SD slot but you won’t find one in an iPhone. If you do want to put movies and music on the device you choice in a phone without an SD slot it to either scrap it for an newer more expensive phone or not do it in the first place. For the cost of an SD card you can add the storage you’ll need to a BlackBerry Z30.

Security

With word that the NSA limitations on spying now consist of dead people, animals, and insects (for now) the idea of a secure phone has suddenly become far more attractive. It is somewhat ironic that this is what the US President, who is a big Apple fan, uses a BlackBerry himself to keep other governments from spying on him. Security should be a top tier requirement but for most it just isn’t which is why I’ve ended with it.

Wrapping Up: BlackBerry’s Goal

To be successful with the Z30 BlackBerry has to get us to care about what we should be caring about in the first place. Battery life, connectivity, screen size, standard plugs, expandability, and security all of which the Z30 stands out as leading with. It lags on apps but are they really more important than all of this other stuff? Shouldn’t they be? I wonder if we should be pissed that Apple made us all stupid. Something to think about this week.

Edited by Alisen Downey                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136517-72ee50736524055e1bfc851f2d6adcaf.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011315 00000000000 015167  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        POINTS OF EMPHASIS

NFL Senior Vice President of Officiating, Dean Blandino, goes over the rules changes and points of emphasis for 2016 with the Philadelphia Eagles' coaches.

Field Goal/Extra Point Rush Tactics

Game officials will monitor and strictly enforce the rules pertaining to illegal acts committed by the defensive team while trying to block field-goal and extra-point attempts during the 2016 season, including:

Making forcible contact below the waist of offensive blockers.

Grabbing an offensive blocker and pulling him to the side or toward the ground to create space or a gap for a teammate to rush through.

Using the hands or other parts of the body to push off an offensive blocker to gain leverage in an effort to block the kick.

Not only do these tactics create an unfair advantage for the defense, they also are potentially dangerous and could lead to player injuries.

Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford slides safely in a 2015 game against the Bears. NFL officials in 2016 will make sure that once a runner begins a feet-first slide before contact is imminent, defenders cannot make any forcible contact and must treat the sliding runner as they would any runner who is down by contact. (Paul Spinelli via AP)

Quarterback Slide

Once a runner begins a feet-first slide before contact is imminent, defenders cannot make any forcible contact and must treat a sliding runner as they would any runner who is down by contact. Once a runner begins a slide and becomes protected, he can no longer advance the football, regardless of contact by an opponent. Runners who slide sideways or headfirst will not have special protection.

Runners (especially quarterbacks) who want the protection afforded sliding players must make every effort to slide feet-first before contact is imminent. If a runner starts his slide when contact is imminent, a defender is not prohibited from making forcible contact, as long as it is below the head/neck area.

Low Hits on Passer

Quarterbacks in a passing posture within the pocket are protected from forcible contact to the knee area or below. A defender may still make contact low as long as he only uses his arm(s) to swipe, wrap or grab the passer in an attempt to tackle him.

Pre-Snap Movement

Game officials will pay particular attention to and enforce pre-snap movement by offensive linemen, particularly movement of the ball, which simulates a snap. A center dropping or turning his head, or a guard tapping the center, is legal provided the movement is not quick or abrupt.

Crown of Helmet

For safety reasons, the Committee believes that crown-of-the-helmet hits by defenders that were previously legal because the defender did not line up the runner should be illegal regardless of whether the defender lines up the runner prior to making contact. When the rule was first implemented, game officials were instructed to look for three elements for interpreting the rule for initiating forcible contact with the crown of the helmet:

The player must line up his opponent

He must lower his head

He must make forcible contact with the crown of the helmet.

Game officials will be instructed to call fouls when a defender lowers his head and makes forcible contact with the crown of his helmet on a runner outside the tackle box. The line-up requirement will still apply to a runner, since in many instances that player ducks his head to protect himself from impending contact by a defender, rather than to deliver a blow.

The NFL Competition Committee will direct game officials in 2016 to penalize coaches who do not comply with the rule. (Paul Spinelli via AP)

Coaches in Field of Play

Despite being a point of emphasis in previous seasons, the issue of coaches leaving the bench area to gain the attention of the game officials or entering the field of play for other reasons continues to be a widespread problem. The Committee sees no other recourse than to direct game officials to penalize coaches who do not comply with the rule.

A head coach can leave the bench area to get the attention of a game official when the snap takes place at a yard line not within the bench area and the coach is trying to call a team timeout or challenge an on-field ruling, and during an injury timeout to check the welfare of an injured player.

A coach cannot leave the bench area to question a game official, and at no time is a coach allowed onto the field of play. At no time can an assistant coach leave the bench area, even during breaks after scoring plays. These rules remain in effect during any timeout. Only incoming substitutes, team attendants or trainers seeing to the welfare of a player may enter the field. Violations will result in a 15-yard unsportsmanlike conduct penalty and the coach and/or the club may face additional discipline.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0136505-b8197cba7485afd9f33203173ca7d9bc.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005337 00000000000 015204  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Alan Rusbridger, the Guardian's editor-in-chief is a seasoned, responsible journalist. As he told the British parliament during a hearing this week over his newspaper's publication of Edward Snowden's leaks, the Guardian has cautiously published revelations about the NSA and its spy agency counterparts in Britain -- indeed, only about one percent of Snowden's cache has seen the light of day in the Guardian's pages. As an editor, Rusbridger has done a commendable job in helping bring to light the shadowy government work, which the U.N.'s top counterterror advisor Tuesday described as at "the very apex of public interest concerns." Rusbridger and his Guardian editors and writers have done their job with acumen.

It was thus wholly inappropriate that Britain's chairman of the Home Affairs Select Committee, Keith Vaz, asked Rusbridger in this week's hearing, "Do you love this country?"

Advertisement:

Rusbridger, noting he was "slightly surprised" to be asked such a question, responded in defense of his and his staff's patriotism. "Most of the people working on this story are British people who have families in this country, who love this country... Yes, we are patriots and one of the things we are patriotic about is the nature of the democracy, and the nature of a free press, and the fact that one can, in this country, discuss and report these things,” he said.

A fine answer. And there is much to suggest that the Guardian's service to democracy and an informed citizenry reflects more patriotism than Britain's shady and far-reaching spy agency operations, in which vast dragnets consistently and unfoundedly treat ordinary Britons like potential terror threats.

But I would argue that a major newspaper editor needn't have to prove -- nor indeed even have -- fealty to his or her home nation to do a responsible, ethical job. Alan Rusbridger could well have no great love for his country, this would not mean he would wish or enable harm on the people living within it. Nor would failure to "love" Britain equate to a desire to jeopardize the country's national security -- that would be a grand leap of logic indeed.

It is not the Guardian editor's job to be patriotic. It is his job to ensure stories of public interest actually reach the public, while maintaining a responsible approach to national security (over which, as Rusbridger stressed, the Guardian has taken the utmost care with regards to the Snowden leaks). The Guardian editor needn't love his country to perform his duty. Vez's question was thus steeped in an inappropriate moral valance. Rusbridger and his staff on the Snowden stories may well be patriots -- but they needn't be, and certainly should not be asked about their love or lack thereof for Britain in a parliamentary hearing.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0136496-b524cf233c555a334125d5f036c41011.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003014 00000000000 014562  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Al Jazeera Arabic launched on the Freeview platform at noon Thursday, becoming both the first foreign language service to debut on UK DTT, and the first standard definition channel to use MPEG-4.

It means the Doha-based channel will only be available to audiences that have opted for HD reception equipment.

The channel is carried on the new digital terrestrial multiplexes awarded to Arqiva in 2013.

Estimates suggest that by June 2014 approximately 3.2 million Freeview HD households across the UK will have access to Al Jazeera Arabic bringing its total reach in the UK to more than 6 million households.

Dr Mostefa Souag, Acting Director General of Al Jazeera Media Network said: “As the major Arabic language outlet broadcasting various perspectives on current events from the Arab world, we are delighted to be able to reach more viewers in the UK through Freeview. We believe that there is a growing demand by audiences that understand Arabic in the UK for in-depth analysis and reporting, which we have bringing to our viewers for the past 17 years. The inclusion of Al Jazeera Arabic on Freeview has doubled its access to viewers in the UK market, which is a necessary step forward for our global presence.”

Guy North, Marketing Communications Director at Freeview commented: “The addition of Al Jazeera Arabic extends the global news perspective available on Freeview and brings viewers even more subscription-free news content.”

Al Jazeera English and Al Jazeera English HD which were launched on Freeview in November 2013.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0136484-d70680e50c34d35f967de2c735d1625a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006026 00000000000 014765  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        May 26, 2012 18:12 IST

Google's just released fourth biannual Transparency Report says that between January and June 2011, the Indian government asked it to remove 358 different items from various Google-owned web services such as Orkut and YouTube.

Google complied in only 51 per cent of cases. The requests were made by various central and state government departments through 68 different requests. This is the fourth such report and it goes against Information and Broadcasting Minister Kapil Sibal's claims that internet companies are not willing to "self-regulate".

Worryingly, the report also confirms allegations that what bothers government officials the most about the internet is not defamation or hate speeches but online criticism of the government.

In a brief note accompanying the report, Google observed, "We received requests from state and local law enforcement agencies to remove YouTube videos that displayed protests against social leaders or used offensive language in reference to religious leaders. We declined the majority of these requests and only locally restricted videos that appeared to violate local laws prohibiting speech that could incite enmity between communities. In addition, we received a request from a local law enforcement agency to remove 236 communities and profiles from Orkut that were critical of a local politician. We did not comply with this request, since the content did not violate community standards or local law."

Google's lawyers review each request to see if it would hold as per Indian laws, and if they think it does, they remove it. They also remove content regularly, whether or not requested by the government, if it violates their terms of service.

While defamation and hate speech are often cited as reasons for greater regulation and control over free speech on the internet, the report shows that requests on these counts were very few.

Thirty nine out of 358 were related to defamation, of which 24 related to Blogspot. Only eight requests were made on account of hate speeches -- six for YouTube and two for Orkut.

Only 20 items were sought to be removed on account of privacy and security, and only one on account of national security and three YouTube videos on account of pornography.

In yet another indication that such content removal requests from India are arbitrary and rarely go through a legal process, the report shows that only three blogger-related items were asked to be removed by court orders.

The report does not indicate any new trend about India as even the earlier report, for July-December 2010, had stated, "We received requests from different law enforcement agencies to remove a blog and YouTube videos that were critical of chief ministers and senior officials of different states. We did not comply with these requests."

Google does not reveal who made requests to remove what and neither does the government.

The four reports that cover the period between July 2009 and June 2011 show that Google has complied with 51 per cent requests by the Indian government in this two-year period.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136500-ab4fe79f823ecb2d7145a14f7b338fac.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017326 00000000000 015335  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation’s journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.

Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue

Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!

Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.

Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation’s journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.

Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue

Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.

Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?



A memorial is seen at the scene where Australian college student Christopher Lane, 23, of Melbourne, was found dead of a gunshot wound on Friday in Duncan, Oklahoma, August 21, 2013. (REUTERS/Bill Waugh) Ad Policy

As the nation takes stock of the fiftieth anniversary of the March on Washington, I’m listening to a news program playing a recording of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. speaking of peace and reconciliation and mountaintops to be crested. I’m also online, watching my screen blink with discussions about current events like the dismissal of a racial harassment suit against Paula Deen and the debate over New York’s stop-and-frisk policies. The decades-long span of unsolved issues and endless crises fills me with sadness and unease.

According to a recent Pew poll, “Blacks were nearly three times as likely as whites to be living in poverty. And the median net worth of white households was 14 times the median net worth of black households.” But this disparate reality is felt very differently: nearly twice as many blacks as whites feel that blacks are treated less fairly by police and the courts; blacks are three times more likely than whites to feel that blacks are treated less fairly in employment, education, hospitals and stores. These findings are consistent with a trend documented by a 2011 article in the journal Perspectives on Psychological Science: whites now see anti-white bias as a bigger problem than bias against blacks—or as the study’s title puts it: “Whites See Racism as a Zero-Sum Game That They Are Now Losing.”

It is one problem to have immense disparities. It is quite another when those inequalities are rendered invisible by those who stoke the fears and resentments that apparently feed the nonempirical perceptions of many Americans. Take the media treatment of the searingly tragic murder of Christopher Lane, a white Australian student attending a university in Oklahoma on a baseball scholarship. Three teens have been arrested for shooting him in the back while he was jogging, apparently because they were “bored.” But while that so-called boredom is being mined for all its shock value, it is far too cavalier a way to describe the well of such inhuman callousness. Indeed, together the three suspects had histories of assault, little to no schooling, imprisoned parents and untreated trauma from gun deaths in their own families.

Initial reports were that all three suspects were black. In fact, one of them was white, though one right-wing outlet blithely and wrongly substituted the image of an uninvolved, angry-looking black man in his place. But before this mistake was revealed, the pre-existing liturgy was pushing the rapture that only demagoguery can create. Lines were drawn so that “gun culture” referred to those white people ostensibly exercising their Second Amendment rights to stockpile weaponry for the apocalypse, while “gang culture” referred to those black people (rarely accorded the imagined grace of Second Amendment rights) who also stockpile weaponry for the apocalypse. In either case, some of these arms end up in the hands of the unstable or mentally ill, or children, or the outlandishly aggrieved, or the intentionally criminal. America is not only where Christopher Lane was killed, but also where—if we want to play the “reversals” game—the very next week, a black woman named Antoinette Tuff talked a disturbed young white man into putting down his AK-47 after he walked into an elementary school full of minority kids threatening a massacre. She did so by speaking to him in human, not bestial, terms. “I tried to commit suicide last year,” she said. “We all go through something in life.” America is also where there are more mass murders like Newtown and Aurora than anyplace on the planet other than war zones—and where, every day, more than 100 people of every stripe kill themselves, half by gunfire.

Eighty-four percent of white murder victims are killed by other whites; 93 percent of black victims are killed by other blacks. This violence is a national disgrace, a problem that knows no racial boundaries. We are a shoot-‘em-up nation. How, then, does the small fraction of interracial killings end up as the dominant narrative, cast in terms that play out fantasies of a race war?

Trayvon Martin is not the same person as the troubled teenagers who allegedly shot Christopher Lane, yet he is endlessly figured as though he were. Questions like “Why doesn’t Obama admit that these guys look like his son?” and “Where’s the outcry from the NAACP now?” ricochet around the media. But seriously, who on the planet would protest the arrest and prosecution of the young men who committed this crime? What exactly is being imagined here? That members of the civil rights movement would actually defend murder? Or write it off when committed by black people?

We can argue all day about what causes people to take potshots in Oklahoma or gang-rape women in India or slash schoolchildren in China or traffic sex slaves in Belgium. Yes, yes, personal responsibility—but not racialized responsibility. Perhaps it helps to put the question of violent crime in a global context, for then it becomes clearer that across humanity, the greater or lesser incidence of such crime is linked to factors like social upheaval and dislocation, poverty, population density, availability of weapons, untreated mental illness and lack of education.

In Australia, where homicides by gunfire have diminished dramatically since strict gun control laws were enacted in 1996, Lane’s death has prompted calls for tourists to stop coming to the United States. “This is the bitter harvest and legacy of the policies of the NRA that even blocked background checks for people buying guns at gun shows,” one politician observed. The Australian media have not only discussed the broken humanity of the young suspects, but also foregrounded the scandalous availability of firearms here. It might be interesting if, after spending too much of the last fifty years talking in circles, we in America could see ourselves as reluctant tourists in the land of our own psyches. It might be helpful to begin shifting our discussion to the way in which all our souls are broken when we dehumanize by general habit.

In the aftermath of the George Zimmerman verdict, the editors of The Nation examined race and law in the United States.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136539-4ee59e747a04d851f5bc2c25f5a18704.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007406 00000000000 015052  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Frustrated by her stagnant 12,000-peso monthly salary ($275) managing one of Manila's top record stores, Joepi Paloma quit her job and took a leap of faith on the Philippines' then-nascent call center industry.

Seven years and four promotions later, she earns a handsome six-figure (peso) monthly wage leading a team of more than 550 people in one of the archipelago's fastest-growing outsourced call centers. The sector is a rare spot of good news in an economy that has habitually underperformed, leaving around a third of the estimated 94 million population in poverty.

"It's exciting for the Philippines," she says. "I make good money, but my goal is also to make sure we keep creating jobs. If we keep our seats, [jobs] are filled. That's 550 families with at least one bread winner."

Lured by tax breaks, cheap labor, and an abundance of college-educated English speakers, global outsourcing firms have flocked to the Philippines.

Big names such as IBM, Shell, HSBC, Proctor & Gamble, and the Hershey Company all have Filipinos taking and making calls on their behalf.

So gilded is the industry that the southeast Asian nation last year stole India's perch as the world's leading location for call centers. Around 600,000 Filipinos are employed in outsourcing and the government forecasts the sector to generate $12 billion to $13 billion in 2012, rising to $100 billion by 2020.

After just a decade in existence, call centers account for 5 percent of gross domestic product, half the amount sent home by the estimated 9 million overseas Filipino workers, according to research by the Business Processing Association of the Philippines (BPAP).

"India is the call center pioneer, but the neutral accent of Filipinos means clients and their customers now prefer us to answer their calls," argues BPAP's Martin Crisostomo. "Filipinos have a natural gift for customer service: we are polite, respectful of elders, patient, and good shock absorbers for angry customers."

Taking advantage of the industry growth

In recognition of the success in the call center industry, President Benigno Aquino has pledged 62 million pesos ($1.4 million) to drum up new information- and technology-outsourcing business.

But industry leaders want more. They are pressing for the retention of tax holidays for new entrants to the outsourcing market, income tax breaks for skilled expatriates, and state-funded training for aspiring call center workers.

The goal is to capture the specialized, and more lucrative, outsourcing markets such as accounting, medical transcription, animation, and gaming – for which India still holds most of the aces.

The 'magic' industry

For now, Philippine businesses are enjoying the cascade of new money.

Cab firms, bars, cafes, car showrooms, and retailers of luxuries such as iPads, laptops, and other gadgets have scooped up customers from young workers with cash to spend.

"You can call it a magic industry – it's created an entire night economy in the Philippines," says Jojo Uligan of the Contact Center Association of the Philippines, an industry lobby group.

Eighty percent of call centers are in Manila, the sprawling capital, but outsourcing hubs are also opening in the provinces, bringing roads, airports, and jobs to poor areas.

Despite unforgiving hours that compel agents to inhabit a twilight world to serve US working hours, the sector appeals to a swath of young, driven Filipinos.

Workers start at around 13,000 pesos a month, about a third more than most graduate jobs, but top earners can take home 10 times that.

The big hope is that call centers will eventually convince more young Filipinos to stay in the country in search of prosperity.

"The more decent-paying jobs we have here, the more of our people we can keep," says BPAP's Crisostomo. "That keeps Filipino families together."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136046-4820c2a65c284c771609faf7f5cab3c4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015263 00000000000 015115  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Editor’s Note: When activists in Switzerland dumped 8 million Swiss coins – one for each citizen – in front of the Parliament building in Bern last fall, the rest of the world took notice. Not just because it was a compelling publicity stunt, but because the activists secured enough signatures to get a referendum on an unconditional basic income on the ballot. If it’s adopted as part of the Swiss constitution, citizens, regardless of whether they work, would receive 30,000 Swiss Francs (about $34,000) a year.

The idea has intellectual legs, at least, in the United States with renewed support from the political left and right. Hear some of those voices, including libertarian economist Charles Murray, in our Making Sen$e report below.

The conservatives we spoke to would replace all other social welfare programs with a guaranteed basic income to make government aid more self-directed and efficient. Some on the right support a slightly different guaranteed minimum income as a means-tested form of public assistance. Many liberals see the guaranteed income as a tool to combat economic inequality, which, by most accounts, is far more extreme in America than in Europe.

But adopting a measure similar to the one in Switzerland – let alone putting it to a popular vote – in America is still widely considered a far-flung idea. Here to explain why this kind of wealth redistribution is much more palatable in more economically equal countries like Switzerland is someone familiar with both societies: Swiss native and Harvard Business School professor Felix Oberholzer-Gee. He also appears in the Making Sen$e segment on Monday night.

Will a guaranteed income pass in Switzerland? He’d be surprised if it did — and even more surprised if the idea ever seriously took root in America.

— Simone Pathe, Making Sen$e Editor

In Western Europe, there is a lively debate about proposals to guarantee every citizen a basic income. The idea, which has a long history dating back to the 1920s (at least), is increasingly popular in policy circles and the broader population. The German and Spanish parliaments explored it. The Swiss will soon vote on an initiative that would guarantee everyone $2,800 each month — no questions asked, irrespective of whether a person works. Early polls indicate that more than 45 percent of Swiss voters will support the initiative.

The supporters of a guaranteed income are a varied lot. They range from unreconstructed communists to humanists with a strong sense of dignity and the wealthy. One concern that many of them share, however, is the global rise in income inequality. In the past few decades, economic growth lifted hundreds of millions out of poverty. But, at the same time, the distribution of income became increasingly skewed in favor of wealthy individuals.

The current situation is exceptional from a historical point of view. For example, the top 10 percent of earners in the U.S. captured 35 percent of income through the 1950s and 1960s. Today, this share stands at 50 percent. Rising inequality reflects gains at the top in all sources of income: salaries and business income, as well as capital income and capital gains.

There are many reasons why income inequality has risen. One is technology, which tends to benefit the well-educated. Machines increasingly take over routine tasks, leaving low-paid service jobs for unskilled workers. As a result, U.S. employment and wages tend to grow at the very bottom and at the very top of the distribution in skills. The middle is hollowed out.

Import competition from poorer countries is a second reason. Chinese imports, for example, explain about one quarter of the decline in U.S. manufacturing from 1990 to 2007.

Third, globalization produces so-called superstar effects. In a flat world, top talent is handsomely rewarded for its broad appeal. The Brazilian soccer player Pelé, the best ever, earned $1.1 million in 1960 (adjusted for inflation). The Portuguese forward Cristiano Ronaldo made $17 million this past year. Pelé played for 350,000 television sets in Brazil. At the most recent World Cup, 700 million people watched Ronaldo, as Eduardo Porter writes in “The Price of Everything.”

While rising income inequality is a global phenomenon, it is perhaps surprising to see that radical redistribution is more extensively debated in Europe than in the United States. After all, income inequality is greater in the U.S. than in Europe, and it is growing faster in America too. Comparing the incomes of the top 20 percent to the bottom 20 percent, this ratio stands at 4.0 in Sweden, 4.3 in Germany and 5.6 in France. With a ratio of 8.4, the U.S. is in a different league, more similar to Kenya (8.2), Ghana (8.4), and Nicaragua (8.8). So why is there far more demand for redistribution in Western Europe?

Beliefs about the reasons for inequality turn out to be important. According to the World Values Survey, 60 percent of Americans believe that the poor could become rich if they just tried hard enough. In Europe, however, the number of individuals who hold similar beliefs is only half as large. In Brazil, a mere 19 percent believe that poverty stems from laziness rather than circumstances, connections and luck.

Beliefs about the reasons for poverty are critical for the willingness to redistribute income. People like to be generous if they think the poor are deserving of their support. But they have a strong aversion to giving if they suspect the less fortunate do not try hard to escape their circumstances.

These differences in beliefs give rise to two policy regimes: one with little redistribution and low taxes, the United States, and one with a greater demand for redistribution, Europe.

There is evidence in both places for these dynamics. As U.S. tax rates fell, the top income share rose, not only because the affluent paid less, but also because it makes sense to bargain harder for improved remuneration in a lower-tax environment. Meanwhile, in Europe, people are justified in thinking that “luck” (in the form of being born to the right parents) is an increasingly important determinant of income. From 1820 to 1910, inheritances made up 20-25 percent of disposable income in France. This share fell to 5 percent in the early part of the 20th century. Today, France is back to where it was 100 years ago. This return of inherited wealth is a far weaker dynamic in the United States.

So, will Europe provide a guaranteed income to its citizens? My personal view is that this is unlikely. The Swiss in particular (most of whom are temperamentally risk averse) are too practical to turn into strong proponents of radical redistribution. Differences in beliefs about the reasons for income inequality, however, will continue to drive redistributive policies.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0136152-31777a30788ebacfc434b07a2e78a546.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005431 00000000000 015032  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Groovy geodesic dome in Lafayette listed for $889,000

Inspired by 20th century architect Buckminster Fuller, this unique Lafayette home with a geodesic dome design is on the market for $889,000. Inspired by 20th century architect Buckminster Fuller, this unique Lafayette home with a geodesic dome design is on the market for $889,000. Photo: Todd Taylor Photo: Todd Taylor Image 1 of / 24 Caption Close Groovy geodesic dome in Lafayette listed for $889,000 1 / 24 Back to Gallery

Back in 1969, a Bay Area couple purchased a property in the hills of Lafayette with one acre of scenic pastoral land and a rustic hunting lodge.

Sheila and David Williamson lived with their children, then ages 2 and 7, in the uninsulated shack, while they constructed their dream home with their own two hands.

"We were living in a cul-de-sac in Concord and everyone knew everything about everyone else and I just said, 'We need to get away,'" Williamson said. "We moved to this beautiful spot in the middle of nature. We had no money and so we had to do everything ourselves."

Six and a half years later they had erected a stunning geodesic dome made from rich, gorgeous recycled woods at the end of a private, one-lane country road neighboring Briones Regional Park.

That two-bedroom, two-bathroom property at 1750 Toyon Rd. is now on the market for the first time for $889,000, offering the opportunity to live in an unusual home tucked away in a quiet rural corner of the Bay Area's suburban sprawl.

"When you stand inside this home and realize it was all built by hand, it's remarkable," said listing agent Dina del Monica of Pacific Union. "You think it's going to be in bad shape, but it has beautiful hardwood floors, a Bosch dishwasher in the kitchen, and updated bathrooms."

The Williamsons followed the calculations used by architect and inventor Buckminster Fuller, who popularized the architectural design for the geodesic dome in the U.S. in the 1950s. They chose the design because is was energy-efficient and provided the maximum amount of space using the minimum amount of materials.

The Williamsons and their children, friends, and neighbors cut every piece of wood and hammered in every nail. Sheila made all the stained-glass windows by hand, and David eventually quit his job as a maintenance machinist at the Oakland Tribune to speed up work on the house, while Sheila became the main breadwinner, working in social services for Contra Costa County.

"He was very handy. He did everything. Nothing was already made. He cut all the pieces of wood. I did the staining and the painting," Williamson said. "It was a learning experience. Those were probably some of the best years of our lives."

The Williamsons remodeled their home in 1986, adding a family room and a bathroom, and del Monica says the home has been well-maintained.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0136491-40a5d2cd325eca6a740e281072ce6431.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011370 00000000000 015007  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        HOLYROOD is set to become one of the most powerful devolved parliaments in the world after a deal on Scotland's future finances was finally agreed.

First Minister Nicola Sturgeon and Chancellor George Osborne brought months of wrangling over the so-called 'fiscal framework' - the complex financial arrangements behind the parliament's new powers - to an end in a five-minute phone call.

It means the Scotland Bill, which will devolve almost full control over income tax and a £2.5billion welfare budget to Holyrood, will be given the go-ahead.

The historic legislation is now almost certain to approved before the Holyrood election on May 5 and, from April 2017, Scots workers can expect to pay all their income tax to the Scottish Government.

Scottish Secretary David Mundell told Holyrood's Devolution Committee there would be "no impediment" to the early transfer of some powers subject to the passing of the Scotland Bill.

Mr Mundell, who will make a statement to the House of Commons on Wednesday on the final fiscal framework deal, said he expects control over income tax will pass to MSPs in time for the next budget of the new Scottish Parliament.

The time-scale for the transfer of new powers over welfare remains to be agreed by the two governments through the joint ministerial group on welfare, he said.

But he added: "My envisaged timetable is that, subject obviously to Parliament bringing forward its legislative consent motion and the Bill proceeding to Royal Assent ahead of the Scottish Parliament elections, a number of the powers will be in place almost immediately after the Scottish Parliament elections.

The deal, which represented a compromise by both governments, was hailed by ministers at Holyrood and Westminster.

Ms Sturgeon said Scotland had avoided a £7billion "cash grab" by the UK Government - a reference to the amount the Treasury's original proposals would have cost Holyrood over a 10 year period.

In her second of two statements to MSPs during a fast-moving day of negotiation, she added: "The more powers this parliament has, the better we can deliver for the people of Scotland."

Mr Osborne said the deal fulfilled the pro-UK parties' pre-independence referendum 'Vow' of further devolution.

He added: "The arrangements we've reached with the Scottish Government are fair to Scotland and fair to taxpayers in the rest of the UK.

"This clears the way for the debate in Scotland to move on to how these tax and spending powers should be used."

After 10 rounds of talks between Finance Secretary John Swinney and Chief Secretary to the Treasury Greg Hands, the two governments had remained deadlocked over how to reduce Scotland's 'block grant,' or budget allocation, from from Treasury to take account of the parliament's new tax powers.

Under the compromise, the Treasury's preferred mechanism for adjusting the grant will be used.

However, it will be tweaked to ensure that Scotland does not lose out if, as forecast, the country's population grows more slowly than England's.

The arrangement meets a key demand of the Scottish Government, which insisted anything less would breach the cross-party Smith Agreement on the new powers.

Crucially, in terms of securing agreement, the arrangements will be reviewed after five years but with the two governments still sharply at odds over a long term solution, the row is likely to resurface after the transition period.

A late concession by the Treasury will ensure both governments must agree a solution after 2022, rather than simply stick with the temporary mechanism.

Ms Sturgeon said that would protect Scotland's budget into the future, adding: "This deal will not allow a single pound or even a penny to be taken from Scotland's budget."

She said the agreement had required "compromise on both sides," while Mr Hands agreed it amounted to a "classic compromise".

Also as part of the deal, the Treasury will provide £200million towards the cost of setting up a Scottish welfare system, four times its initial offer.

The Scottish Government will be able to borrow £3billion in order to manage fluctuations in tax revenues and invest in infrastructure projects.

In a significant concession by the Scottish Government, Ms Sturgeon confirmed tax forecasts will be prepared independently by the new Scottish Fiscal Commission watchdog rather than by ministers themselves.

At Holyrood, opposition MSPs welcomed the deal and joined Ms Sturgeon in praising the efforts of Mr Swinney to make it possible.

But their focus switched quickly to coming election, when tax is expected to become a dominating issue.

Labour's Alex Rowley called on the First Minister to use the new powers to make a "break from austerity".

Scots Tory leader Ruth Davidson said: "This is a major challenge to the SNP because grudge and grievance will no longer wash."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0136526-644f98bdbbca56846dbc699aaeec9c54.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004444 00000000000 015444  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Baltimore County's top prosecutor says he will not pursue criminal charges against former Ravens cheerleader and fitness author Molly Shattuck after re-examining allegations of sexual abuse involving a teenage boy.

State's Attorney Scott Shellenberger said Friday that his office has spoken with a representative of the victim's family.

Shattuck, 48, admitted to performing oral sex on the boy last summer at a vacation house in Bethany Beach, Del. She pleaded guilty in a Delaware court to fourth-degree rape and was sentenced last month to 48 weekends in a community corrections center.

Shattuck was scheduled to report to a Delaware corrections facility this weekend to begin serving her sentence. Her attorneys didn't return calls seeking comment Friday.

When Shattuck was arrested last November, authorities said she would pick the boy up from class and take him to a parking garage at the T. Rowe Price building in Owings Mills, where they would "kiss or 'make out'" in the back of a car.

She admitted to raping her son¿s 15-year-old friend at a Delaware beach house. Now former Ravens cheerleader Molly Shattuck may face more charges ¿ this time, in Baltimore County. She admitted to raping her son¿s 15-year-old friend at a Delaware beach house. Now former Ravens cheerleader Molly Shattuck may face more charges ¿ this time, in Baltimore County. SEE MORE VIDEOS

The boy, who was 15, attended McDonogh School in Owings Mills with Shattuck's son.

Shellenberger said in a statement that he decided against pursuing additional charges against Shattuck "after careful consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances including the nature of the allegations of what occurred in Baltimore County, as well as the recently concluded prosecution in Delaware."

He declined to comment further.

The Baltimore Sun generally does not name victims of sexual crimes.

Some victims' advocates have said the Delaware sentence was too light. Prosecutors sought jail time, and sentencing guidelines called for up to 22 months for the fourth-degree rape charge.

Shattuck originally faced other charges — including providing alcohol to a minor — that were dropped as part of her plea agreement.

Shattuck was required to register as a sex offender in Delaware and in Maryland for 25 years.

alisonk@baltsun.com

twitter.com/aliknez                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0136535-3d1677ea114e23a463a6b8d0a04c1219.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006400 00000000000 014723  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Swedish physician and statistician Hans Rosling insisted that facts must be used to guide debates over public policy. This stance is surprisingly rare since most "serious" politicians and pundits make their livings by falsely peddling dystopia and by dispensing "alternative facts." In order to get the facts about population, living standards, food supplies, ecology, economic growth, life expectancy trends, and so forth to the public, Rosling established the fantastic Gapminder project. "Unveiling the beauty of statistics for a fact based world view" is Gapminder's motto. Gapminder makes brilliantly available in easily graspable graphics the best statistical information about the human and planetary prospect.

"We promote a new way of thinking about the world and the society which we call Factfulness. It is the relaxing habit of carrying opinions that are based on solid facts," states the website. Gapminder exists because...

...We humans are born with a craving for fat and sugar. But we are also born with a craving for drama. We pay attention to dramatic stories and we get bored if nothing happens. Journalists and lobbyists tell dramatic stories. That's their job. They tell stories about extraordinary events and unusual people. The piles of dramatic stories pile up in peoples minds into an overdramatic worldview and strong negative stress feelings: "The world is getting worse!", "It's we vs. them!" , "Other people are strange!", "The population just keeps growing!" and "Nobody cares!" For the first time in human history reliable statistics exist. There's data for almost every aspect of global development. The data shows a very different picture: a world where most things improve; a world that is not divided. People across cultures and religions make decisions based on universal human needs, which are easy to understand. The fast population growth will soon be over. The total number of children in the world has stopped growing. The remaining population growth is an inevitable consequence of large generations born decades back. We live in a globalized world, not only in terms of trade and migration. More people than ever care about global development! The world has never been less bad. Which doesn't mean it's perfect. The world is far from perfect. The dramatic worldview has to be dismantled, because it is stressful and wrong. It leads to bad focus and bad decisions. We know this because we have measured the global ignorance among the world's top decision makers in public and private sector. Their global ignorance is high, just like the ignorance of journalists, activists, teachers and the general public. This has nothing to do with intelligence. It's a problem of factual knowledge. Facts don't come naturally. Drama and opinions do. Factual knowledge has to be learned. We need to teach global facts in schools and in corporate training. This is an exciting problem to work on and we invite all our users to join the Gapminder movement for global factfulness. The problem can be solved, because the data exists.

Earlier I cited a Nature article about Rosling which offered a 8 item quiz (scroll down a bit) that promises to change your mind about the world.

Rosling died of pancreatic cancer on Tuesday morning. Rosling did great good for the world and he will be sorely missed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136543-18df70d088b10e6d988fa6c01f87d49a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006740 00000000000 015140  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        US schools are not yet ready for Linux. Yes sad to say, it is not because they can’t do Linux or don’t need a feasible, safe and renewable source for technology. US schools are not ready to accept Linux because they don’t feel the need.

1. Teachers Resistant to Change

You may be shocked to know that most teachers really look at technology as an evil requirement. Teachers feel overburdened with creating lesson plans, managing ever increasing problems with students, left with little energy or desire to learn new technology. Even proposing the idea of Linux will be met with heavy resistance just because it means change.

2. Teachers are Not Accountable for Technology

Teachers must be held accountable for their implementation of technology into the classroom curriculum. Just because you take kids to a computer lab it does not mean that they learned anything from that time. Teachers must have a clearly outlined requirement for what they are responsible to teach to students in technology. Many school districts have technology goals but the teachers are not really held accountable to achieve the goals. Goals need to be measured on a regular basis. You can argue their are Federal mandates for technology but all that is talk because on the local school system level…no one checks if teachers are doing anything worth while in technology. In reality, most teachers are not doing anything new in technology so how could you ever suggest Linux.

3. School Boards are Technology Clueless

In fact, if you look at schools systems closely you will find that many school boards have people on them that are completely unqualified, especially in technology. I have been to countless school board meetings trying to explain and demonstrate technology goals especially as they relate to Linux. I understand that school board positions are thankless and most people would not even consider it but if you want technology and Linux in schools you must get people on school boards who have an understanding of the technology needs and how Linux can meet those goals.

4. Change the Grant Process

Grants are the worst thing that could ever happen for a school district. First, almost all grants are directly tied to Microsoft software. Second, most school districts use grants to purchase technology they cannot sustain. So that, they have a surge of technology and in a few years they are back to total junk. If school districts see technology as important they need to budget for training and equipment. I have never seen a grant for Linux! Each time I have written a grant and suggested Linux it has been challenged, challenged by individuals who really have no idea about Linux or technology. If you want to see Linux in schools create some Linux grants.

5. Create a Technology Plan

Schools need 5 year technology plans that they are forced to implement and be accountable for. Sure, ERATE requires a technology plan for schools but most teachers have never seen the plan and no one implements the plan. And once again there is no accountability for the plan. The school slaps together a plan and submits it to the state and it is given a rubber stamp. Here in Montana the schools send the technology plans to the state and it was discovered that the state did not even read the plans…just approved them.

Conclusion:

Water runs down hill and sad to say that describes the US school system. Until we as Americans can individually and as a country demand more out of schools and educators, Linux is only a remote option.

Advertisements                                0136073-9b3f07ad132ee15352798ab5484e0a6c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000030450 00000000000 015027  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Representatives of Ansar al-Sharia — al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula's (AQAP) political wing — would later visit the children, bringing candy and 100,000 Yemeni riyals each (then worth $465). The militants also swore to take revenge on the families' behalf, tapping into the Yemeni tradition of blood feud.

The targeted car as it continues to burn following the CIA drone attack in Azzan on March 30, 2012. (Photo by Ayman al-Bariki)

Though the number of people injured in covert US strikes is not officially recorded, they play a crucial role in the struggle for hearts and minds across Yemen's southern hinterland. Bystanders and family rushed the children to a local clinic, where Hamza awoke while shrapnel was extracted from his chest. All of the children survived.

Next to Amin, his friend Hamza Khaled Baziyad lay unconscious. In total, five children aged between 10 and 14 were injured as they gathered close to the local mosque.

Recovering from his shock, 13-year-old Amin realized he had been hit by shrapnel. "Blood was pouring from my leg."

"I was on my way to play football with my friends when the airstrike hit," Amin Ali al-Wisabi told VICE News, recounting the day when a CIA drone struck his hometown of Azzan in Yemen. "We had stopped to sit down and plan the match when all of a sudden an explosion hit a passing al-Qaeda car."

Read more

"I was on my way to play football with my friends when the airstrike hit," Amin Ali al-Wisabi told VICE News, recounting the day when a CIA drone struck his hometown of Azzan in Yemen. "We had stopped to sit down and plan the match when all of a sudden an explosion hit a passing al-Qaeda car."

Recovering from his shock, 13-year-old Amin realized he had been hit by shrapnel. "Blood was pouring from my leg."

Next to Amin, his friend Hamza Khaled Baziyad lay unconscious. In total, five children aged between 10 and 14 were injured as they gathered close to the local mosque.

Though the number of people injured in covert US strikes is not officially recorded, they play a crucial role in the struggle for hearts and minds across Yemen's southern hinterland. Bystanders and family rushed the children to a local clinic, where Hamza awoke while shrapnel was extracted from his chest. All of the children survived.

The targeted car as it continues to burn following the CIA drone attack in Azzan on March 30, 2012. (Photo by Ayman al-Bariki)

Representatives of Ansar al-Sharia — al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula's (AQAP) political wing — would later visit the children, bringing candy and 100,000 Yemeni riyals each (then worth $465). The militants also swore to take revenge on the families' behalf, tapping into the Yemeni tradition of blood feud.

Saleh Muhammed al-Sunna, a 55-year-old pedestrian on his way to Azzan's vegetable market, was just 15 meters (50 feet) from the targeted vehicle. The intensity of the blast tore his body to pieces. Days later Ansar al-Sharia gave his family 200,000 riyals.

Related: Britain's Covert War in Yemen: A VICE News Investigation

"The deaths of innocent bystanders has a moral dimension but also a huge strategic dimension in cultures which have a very strong sense of honor," said British MP David Davis, chair of the UK's All-Party Parliamentary Group on Drones. "It will make the problem worse."

The Azzan strike, on March 30, 2012, is clear proof of the risk. "We were devastated by the news of Saleh's death," said Abdelhakim al-Hadad, al-Sunna's cousin. "We would have done anything to avenge his death. America and Britain are the ones who deprived our family of its breadwinner."

The ID card and portrait of Saleh Muhammed al-Sunna, who was killed by the drone strike while on his way to buy vegetables. Witnesses found his body in pieces. (Photo by Abdelhakim al-Hadad)

The target of the strike was Ahmed Said Saad, who five Azzan residents described to VICE News as a Syrian doctor and a member of Ansar al-Sharia. Documents from GCHQ, Britain's signals intelligence agency, leaked by Edward Snowden, described Saad using the codename "Khalid Usama," as part of a group of radical surgeons working for AQAP.

According to another account, Saad is believed to have worked with bomb maker Ibrahim al-Asiri to surgically implant undetectable explosives in would-be suicide bombers.

Al-Asiri had already experimented with inserting explosives into the anal cavity but found that the volume of explosives that could be held there struggled to project through the body. Instead he moved on to producing explosives to be placed in the potential suicide bomber's "love handles."

Earlier that day, Saad gave a talk seven miles down the road in the town of al-Houta in Shabwa governorate. As a VICE News investigation revealed, the doctor was found by an agent working for Britain's Secret Intelligence Service (SIS, also known as MI6) who tagged his vehicle, allowing it to be picked up by the Overhead program — a surveillance network run by the US, UK, and Australia integrating satellite imagery with digital and telephonic communications.

'They could've hit them on open road, away from a built-up area. Why didn't they do that?'

The Overhead program, of which GCHQ is a part, then informed the CIA, who sought corroboration of the target's location from officers at Yemen's National Security Bureau (NSB), who SIS agents were mentoring, before routing a drone to intercept the car. It is likely GCHQ was tracking Saad as part of the program, before passing on the information for the strike. As a former senior CIA official responsible for operations in Yemen explained: "The sharing there was very, very extensive... particularly with the Brits. There was very clear coordination and cooperation."

Although Saad's 4x4 was in open ground on its short journey, the Reaper drone tracking his vehicle did not fire until the car entered Azzan, a town of approximately 10,000 people. The CIA drone unleashed a Hellfire missile as the vehicle passed by a vegetable market near a mosque in the western district of Azzan's inner town. The two militants were killed instantly.

The proximity of al-Sunna, only 15 meters from the blast, and the shrapnel injuries to five children in a populated area raise questions about the CIA's rules of engagement. US military documents leaked to The Intercept in 2015 show that one condition required before a strike is that there is a "low" risk of collateral damage, as determined by a pre-strike Collateral Damage Environment (CDE) assessment.

"CDE-Low," according to US rules of engagement guidelines, means that no civilian should be within the "kill radius" of the strike, which for a Hellfire missile is 15-20 meters from the point of detonation. The strike is deemed to be CDE-Low if civilians are within the "casualty radius," the area within which there is a risk of shrapnel injury. While the five children were within the casualty radius of the strike, al-Sunna was within the kill radius, suggesting that the CIA did not conform to the US military's rules of engagement.

The attack also raises questions in Britain about the legality of SIS' intelligence sharing, which was critical to the find-and-fix phase of Saad's assassination. UK rules of engagement require that there is no risk of collateral damage according to the pre-strike CDE, either within the kill or casualty radius of the strike.

"Where the British state knows the intelligence will lead to an assassination, we ought to be confident that it meets our own rules and guidelines, by which I mean laws," Davis, the UK MP, told VICE News.

SIS shared the targeting information because Saad's name was added to a shared kill list by President Barack Obama. At the time, the addition sparked debates within the US intelligence community. According to Daniel Klaidman, author of Kill or Capture, several US intelligence officials were skeptical of Saad's involvement in al-Asiri's work. There were also concerns about the implications of targeting doctors.

But as one former senior CIA official, responsible for operations in Yemen, told VICE News, al-Asiri was undoubtedly "among the most dangerous threats to Western nations." By extension that included his acolytes and, once Obama had ruled on Saad's fate, the CIA and SIS were cleared to engage.

Related: Dead Civilians, Uneasy Alliances, and the Fog of Yemen's War

That they eventually did so inside a densely populated town alarmed many of Azzan's residents. Mohsen Hassan Salem, who took his injured nephew Amin for treatment in the provincial capital of al-Mukalla some 140 miles away, told VICE News that "the family really struggled" to meet the $1,500 cost of treatment. "They could've hit them on open road, away from a built-up area. Why didn't they do that?"

Nearly a year after the strike, the CIA arranged for $50,000 in freshly minted dollar bills to be paid to al-Sunna's family via the NSB, Yemen's principal intelligence agency. But they never compensated the children. This is only the second publicized case of secret CIA condolence payments.

A spokesman for the White House's National Security Council told VICE News: "Although we will not comment on specific cases, were non-combatants killed or injured in a US strike, condolence or other ex gratia payments, such as solatia, may be available for those injured and the families of those killed."

But the CIA's gesture was likely too little too late. By then AQAP had already twice visited the injured children to pay condolences, bringing 50,000 riyals on each occasion and promising revenge on their behalf. The CIA's cash delivery was not accompanied by any recognition of its mistake or apology. The NSB official who handed al-Sunna's family representative the money suggested but never conceded that the money had come from "the Americans."

'It was as if a sheep had been slaughtered, nothing more'

Al-Hadad, authorized to represent the family, said that in exchange for receiving the cash, the NSB official demanded he bring a signed declaration from the family stating that they would forfeit any legal recourse. The encounter with the NSB was cold, he said. "It was as if a sheep had been slaughtered, nothing more."

The Yemeni government has long struggled to maintain a strong presence outside of Sanaa, and such interactions engendered hostility among the local population, making them less willing to provide information about al-Qaeda, and even sympathize with the jihadist cause. Since 2011, Azzan has been regularly occupied by AQAP militants, who once again took the town last February.

Professor Jillian Schwedler, of City University of New York, recently wrote that historically Yemen's Islamists saw no place for jihadists in the country's politics. But the secret war in Yemen, now in its 15th year, helped change that. "For al-Qaeda, the drone program is a gift from the heavens. Its recruiting narrative exploits common misperceptions of American omnipotence, offering an alternative route to justice and empowerment," she noted.

Yemeni boys in front of their houses, damaged during a US drone-backed campaign against al-Qaeda in the southern town of Zinjibar in February 2013.(Photo by Yahya Arhab/EPA)

The British government has never publicly admitted involvement in the US' covert war in Yemen. Moreover, in 2013, UK Ambassador to Yemen Jane Marriot categorically stated: "We don't support any form of extrajudicial killing." But, as a VICE News investigation revealed, British SIS officers and seconded military personnel provided systematic and sustained support for the CIA strikes in Yemen. And in Saad's case, British intelligence was crucial to his assassination.

VICE News put its findings to the CIA, GCHQ, and the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office, which represents SIS, but all declined to comment.

Letta Tayler, senior counterterrorism researcher at Human Rights Watch, commented: "When AQAP does a better job than the US government at providing redress for civilian deaths in US drone strikes, the Obama administration should realize it has a serious problem."

"These allegations raise serious questions about the role the UK is playing in Washington's legally dubious drone program, The UK should immediately make public any role it played in US drone strikes in Yemen, and explain the basis for these actions under international law."

Additional reporting by Mohyeddin al-Shawtari.

Follow Namir Shabibi on Twitter: @nshabibi

Follow Jack Watling on Twitter: @Jack_Watling

Watch the VICE News documentary, Inside War-Torn Yemen, Sanaa Under Attack:                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0136044-00004967fa92277f67eb8c45be7593b3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002510 00000000000 014700  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Another 90210 resident is heading for the hills.

Sources confirm to TVLine exclusively that Trevor Donovan — whose heretofore-closeted alter ego Teddy was at the center of a high profile coming out storyline last season — will not be returning to The CW soap as a series regular for Season 4.

Fans, however, have not seen the last of Teddy.

Although a spokesperson for the show declined to comment, a 90210 insider says Donovan will appear as a guest star in roughly five episodes this fall.

“I look back on getting this real-life story line as a blessing,” Donovan told TVLine in a statement. “To be able to simultaneously take on a challenging role and bring awareness to a relevant social issue was a win-win for me. I’m looking forward to what opportunities and adventures lie ahead.”

News of Donovan’s looming departure comes as 90210 undergoes a period of transition — both on screen and off. Season 4 will find much of the West Bev crew moving on to college — a rite of passage that triggered the exits of the show’s two remaining adult characters, Lori Loughlin and Ryan Eggold. Meanwhile, behind the scenes, Life Unexpected scribes Patti Carr and Lara Olsen have taken over as co-showrunners, replacing Rebecca Sinclair.

Thoughts? Shocked? Saddened? Indifferent? Did you see the writing on the wall? Weigh in below.                                                                                                                                                                                        0136479-de50530492aaaa39e22fd31ea8e69003.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007414 00000000000 015107  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Customs Commissioner Nicanor Faeldon refuses to name these politicians with 'unreasonable requests' to the Bureau of Customs, but tells them to stop their corrupt ways

Published 3:40 PM, August 02, 2017

MANILA, Philippines – Bureau of (BOC) Customs Commissioner Nicanor Faeldon said getting out of his job "will be the happiest day of his life," but also vowed that he would not step down.

"They can kick me out anytime," Faeldon said in a press briefing on Wednesday, August 2. "But this is a mission for me and as a soldier, I will not quit."

Lawmakers have called for the BOC chief to resign after a shabu shipment from China worth P6.4 billion was smuggled into the Philippines. (READ: Faeldon asks Duterte to probe P6.4B shabu shipment from China)

But Faeldon lashed back at politicians, saying they help perpetuate corruption in the BOC with their "unreasonable requests."

Faeldon said he receives calls every day asking that certain people be promoted, requesting specific designations, and offering bribes for deductions on shipment fees.

Many of these politicians, he said, have people in the BOC "to protect the interests of their bosses."

"My God! Shame on you. Stop it," Faeldon said. "This is not your country, this is not your property. This is not mine. This is the Filipinos' Bureau of Customs."

While Faeldon refused to name names, he hinted that one who is most angry at him in Congress has sent him the most requests.

"Look at you. Ikaw 'yung madaming pinapadala sa aking requests, kaya galit na galit ka ngayon," he said. (Look at you. You're the one who sends me a lot of requests, and that's why you're angry now.)

When asked if he mentioned these "corrupt" politicians to President Rodrigo Duterte in their emergency meeting on Tuesday, August 1, Faeldon said it was not in his nature to do such a thing.

"I don't want to humiliate anybody... Hindi ako mahilig magsumbong. (I don't like to report people.) I appeal to them directly," he said. "Magalit na kayo sa akin (Get mad at me). Try your best to take me out of here everyday. But as long as I am here, I will continue to say no [to your requests]."

In the same meeting, the President "reiterated his trust and confidence" in the BOC chief and asked him to stay on.

Faeldon said he was given a general order "to cleanse the bureau of anything – corruption, drugs, everything."

The commissioner's job

Following the interrogation he received at the House of Representatives on Tuesday, Faeldon said lawmakers failed to ask him the right questions.

He said many of their questions related to the job of employees and not that of the commissioner.

"My job here is to chart the strategic directions of the bureau. Not to supervise. Not to micromanage. Not to do the job of an agent," Faeldon said.

"What are my plans to put in place permanent reforms to eradicate corruption here? To permanently end smuggling here? To make the bureau more efficient – at par with the practices all over the world? These are the questions I want to be asked."

Adding to the problem of corruption is the lack of training for the bureau's employees, according to Faeldon.

"For 115 years, this bureau has never had a training institution... Pagpasok mo (When you begin working here), you have one-hour orientation and you're in. That's why the bureau is so corrupt," he said.

"We are dealing with millions of pesos every day. The temptation is so high, so the character of the employee must be very strong. They have to refuse, they have to reject."

Faeldon also explained that with only 16% capacity for X-ray inspections in the BOC, there is a higher chance that contraband would get into the country.

Until this capacity for X-ray inspections reaches 100%, he said, corruption would continue in the bureau.

"The smugglers, they know our weaknesses." – Rappler.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0136023-a6682b5f3ed1578d6531e6d5a605fbbc.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014331 00000000000 015170  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Ramda

A practical functional library for JavaScript programmers.

Why Ramda?

There are already several excellent libraries with a functional flavor. Typically, they are meant to be general-purpose toolkits, suitable for working in multiple paradigms. Ramda has a more focused goal. We wanted a library designed specifically for a functional programming style, one that makes it easy to create functional pipelines, one that never mutates user data.

What's Different?

The primary distinguishing features of Ramda are:

Ramda emphasizes a purer functional style. Immutability and side-effect free functions are at the heart of its design philosophy. This can help you get the job done with simple, elegant code.

Ramda functions are automatically curried. This allows you to easily build up new functions from old ones simply by not supplying the final parameters.

The parameters to Ramda functions are arranged to make it convenient for currying. The data to be operated on is generally supplied last.

The last two points together make it very easy to build functions as sequences of simpler functions, each of which transforms the data and passes it along to the next. Ramda is designed to support this style of coding.

Introductions

Philosophy

Using Ramda should feel much like just using JavaScript. It is practical, functional JavaScript. We're not introducing lambda expressions in strings, we're not borrowing consed lists, we're not porting over all of the Clojure functions.

Our basic data structures are plain JavaScript objects, and our usual collections are JavaScript arrays. We also keep other native features of JavaScript, such as functions as objects with properties.

Functional programming is in good part about immutable objects and side-effect free functions. While Ramda does not enforce this, it enables such style to be as frictionless as possible.

We aim for an implementation both clean and elegant, but the API is king. We sacrifice a great deal of implementation elegance for even a slightly cleaner API.

Last but not least, Ramda strives for performance. A reliable and quick implementation wins over any notions of functional purity.

Installation

To use with node:

$ npm install ramda

Then in the console:

const R = require('ramda');

To use directly in the browser:

<script src="path/to/yourCopyOf/ramda.js"></script>

or the minified version:

<script src="path/to/yourCopyOf/ramda.min.js"></script>

or from a CDN, either cdnjs:

<script src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/ramda/0.25.0/ramda.min.js"></script>

or one of the below links from jsDelivr:

<script src="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/ramda@0.25.0/dist/ramda.min.js"></script> <script src="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/ramda@0.25/dist/ramda.min.js"></script> <script src="//cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/ramda@latest/dist/ramda.min.js"></script>

(note that using latest is taking a significant risk that ramda API changes could break your code.)

These script tags add the variable R on the browser's global scope.

Or you can inject ramda into virtually any unsuspecting website using the bookmarklet.

Note for versions > 0.25 Ramda versions > 0.25 don't have a default export. So instead of import R from 'ramda'; , one has to use import * as R from 'ramda'; Or better yet, import only the required functions via import { functionName } from 'ramda';

Build

npm run build creates es , src directories and updates both dist/ramda.js and dist/ramda.min.js

Partial Builds

It is possible to build Ramda with a subset of the functionality to reduce its file size. Ramda's build system supports this with command line flags. For example if you're using R.compose , R.reduce , and R.filter you can create a partial build with:

npm run --silent partial-build compose reduce filter > dist/ramda.custom.js

This requires having Node/io.js installed and ramda's dependencies installed (just use npm install before running partial build).

Documentation

Please review the API documentation.

Also available is our Cookbook of functions built from Ramda that you may find useful.

The Name

Ok, so we like sheep. That's all. It's a short name, not already taken. It could as easily have been eweda , but then we would be forced to say eweda lamb!, and no one wants that. For non-English speakers, lambs are baby sheep, ewes are female sheep, and rams are male sheep. So perhaps ramda is a grown-up lambda... but probably not.

Running The Test Suite

Console:

To run the test suite from the console, you need to have mocha installed:

npm install -g mocha

Then from the root of the project, you can just call

mocha

Alternately, if you've installed the dependencies, via:

npm install

then you can run the tests (and get detailed output) by running:

npm test

Browser:

You can use testem to test across different browsers (or even headlessly), with livereloading of tests. Install testem ( npm install -g testem ) and run testem . Open the link provided in your browser and you will see the results in your terminal.

If you have PhantomJS installed, you can run testem -l phantomjs to run the tests completely headlessly.

Usage

For v0.25 and up, import the whole library or pick ES modules directly from the library:

import * as R from 'ramda' const {identity} = R R.map(identity, [1, 2, 3])

Destructuring imports from ramda does not necessarily prevent importing the entire library. You can manually cherry-pick methods like the following, which would only grab the parts necessary for identity to work:

import identity from 'ramda/src/identity' identity()

Manually cherry picking methods is cumbersome, however. Most bundlers like Webpack and Rollup offer tree-shaking as a way to drop unused Ramda code and reduce bundle size, but their performance varies, discussed here. Here is a summary of the optimal setup based on what technology you are using:

Webpack + Babel - use babel-plugin-ramda to automatically cherry pick methods. Discussion here, example here Webpack only - use UglifyJS plugin for treeshaking along with the ModuleConcatenationPlugin . Discussion here, with an example setup here Rollup - does a fine job properly treeshaking, no special work needed; example here

Typings

Translations

Acknowledgements

Thanks to J. C. Phillipps for the Ramda logo. Ramda logo artwork © 2014 J. C. Phillipps. Licensed Creative Commons CC BY-NC-SA 3.0.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0136075-cea3618d51e0b3a5deee549436239017.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001411 00000000000 015022  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        There are three brand new Disney Pixar "Cars Toons" Shorty Shorts now live on Disney.com and Cars.Disney.com. Dubbed "Shorty Shorts" because they're no longer than a minute and a half long, each video offers a quick and fun peek into the world of "Cars." Directed by Jeremy Lasky and produced by Mary Alice Drumm, Disney Pixar "Cars Toons" feature some of our favorite characters in new and surprising situations.

Head to Disney.com or Cars.Disney.com to check out all three videos, including:

· "Hiccups" - When Lightning McQueen gets the hiccups, everyone in Radiator Springs thinks they have the cure.

· "Bugged" - Red's peaceful morning routine is interrupted by a pesky visitor.

· "Spinning" - Guido discovers he has a hidden talent as a street corner sign spinner.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0136532-c7aa9aa608c8d02ad840e60f66f00a34.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016714 00000000000 015161  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        There's a number that illustrates the brutal dynamics of the hyperinflation of 1923 better than anything else. It's the number four. In the fall of 1923, prices were doubling in Germany approximately every four days.

Grotesque price increases have occurred in other countries and at other times, such as in Greece in 1944, China in 1949 and Zimbabwe in 2008. But hyperinflation has left behind deeper scars in Germany than anywhere else. Three generations after the collapse of the German mark, the fear of hyperinflation is more alive today than ever before.

The global glut of money as a result of the financial crisis has evoked painful memories of the great inflation that began with the beginning of World War I in 1914 and ended in chaos in 1923. Each new report on the need for billions in Europe's crisis-ridden countries reignites concerns over the stability of money. According to a poll by the Allensbach opinion research firm, Germans fear inflation even more than life-threatening diseases like cancer.

'A Repeat Is Unthinkable'

Worried citizens are fleeing into tangible assets, buying gold and silver bars, houses and apartments -- or at least books with grim titles like "National Bankruptcy is Coming!" The paradoxical aspect of the inflation debate is that so far only the warnings have been inflationary. The euro has proven to be more stable than the deutsche mark ever was. Economists are more concerned that prices will decline on a broad scale, crippling the economy. It makes no sense to invoke terrible visions of 1923 today, says economic historian Hans-Joachim Voth. "A repeat is unthinkable," he notes. The Germans suffer from a sort of "collective psychosis," concludes Voth, who teaches in Barcelona.

Jens Weidmann, president of the German central bank, the Bundesbank, also views the inflation of the 1920, along with the 1948 currency reform, in which Reichsmark savings were converted to deutsche mark at a ratio of 100 to 6.50, as "historically unique events." Both, says Weidmann, were primarily a consequence of paying for the war by printing money. And, according to Weidmann, they also highlight the risks that occur "when a bank subordinates the goal of securing monetary value to securing the solvency of the state."

A later phase in economic history is of greater importance to the president of the Bundesbank. "For us today, the lessons of the 1970s and early 1980s are far more important, because the independent Bundesbank was more effective than other central banks in controlling the inflation triggered by the oil price shocks." So why do citizens still react so sensitively, if not hysterically, when it comes to 1923?

The 'Delirium of Billions'

Perhaps the most important reason is that the middle class suffered the most from the hyperinflation of 1923: white-collar workers, government employees and the self-employed, all diligent savers, who became completely impoverished and drifted into the "delirium of billions," as the later Foreign Minister Walter Rathenau described the state of emergency.

Families today still remember the horrifying reports of what once happened to grandparents and great-grandparents. The fate of someone like Berlin author Maximilian Bern illustrates the extent of despair.

In 1923, Bern withdrew his savings, more than 100,000 marks, from the bank. But 100,000 wasn't much compared with the 2.5 quintillion marks in circulation at the end of October. Years earlier, the money would have been enough to pay for Bern's retirement, but now it was worth no more than the price of his last subway ticket. Bern went home, locked his door and died of hunger.

Doctors, teachers and professors had not only lost everything they owned, but also their confidence in the state. In 1914, many had gone to war with enthusiasm, and they had bought bonds, which generally yielded a five-percent return. The government collected 98 billion marks, but not a pfennig of the money was repaid.

A Double Loss of Confidence

People felt cheated, both of victory in the war and their money in the bank. The same bitter experience was repeated a generation later, when the Third Reich came to an end.

This double loss of confidence shaped the civil society of the postwar period. Its members yearned for stability and order and were sharply opposed to experiments, especially with their money. This need for security -- in other words, their aversion to risk -- is practically proverbial to this day in Germany.

A pronounced emphasis on security in monetary matters also shapes behavior in the business community. Particularly companies in key industries, such as machine building and plant manufacturing, have a very strong interest in a stable currency, because of their need to estimate long-term costs. Years often pass between the receipt of an order and the delivery of products.

"We need patient capital for our type of production," says Werner Abelshauser, an economic historian from the western city of Bielefeld. For this reason, he explains, German business owners still harbor a deep fear of inflation. Southern European economies are more trade-oriented, says Abelshauser, and they have shorter turnaround times and are therefore less sensitive to inflation.

An Obsessive Pursuit of Stability

But probably the greatest impact of the experiences of 1923 is on German monetary policy, even if Bundesbank President Weidmann tends to downplay this today. The Bank of the German States, the precursor to the Bundesbank, also set clear priorities. The stability of the currency was paramount, while stimulating the economy and fighting unemployment were secondary. The first Bundesbank president, Wilhelm Vocke, was all but obsessive in pursuing this course.

Vocke became the director of the Reichsbank, Germany's central bank, in 1919 at the age of only 33 and would stay until 1945. He was appalled at how, in 1923, the central bank leadership focused its energy on the smooth operation of the printing presses, and at how spending policy in the Third Reich led "straight to inflation." Vocke was subsequently forced to leave the Reichsbank. After the war, he was in a perfect position to help launch the new currency.

In 1948, the Allies had decreed that the Bank of the German States was not to be "subject to the directives of any political entities or public agencies, with the exception of the courts." It was something then Chancellor Konrad Adenauer could never accept. He persistently tried to exert pressure on Vocke, such as in May 1956, when the Bundesbank tightened the reins as the economy threatened to become overheated. Vocke, as self-confident as the chancellor, remained unimpressed. The chancellor, he later joked, was "a complete novice in this difficult field. I let him talk." The Bundesbank's independence promoted so much confidence in the currency that the Germans, despite their fears of inflation, became a nation of savers.

The Irony of History

"Independence and the clear mandate to ensure price stability remain the conditions of success for a central bank," says Weidmann. "This also, and particularly, applies to the euro system." Of course, this makes him part of a minority on the executive board of the European Central Bank (ECB), because the ECB is literally flooding markets with cheap money, even to an "unlimited" extent if necessary, as ECB President Mario Draghi has stated.

This is the irony of history: Washington and Paris, the Western wartime allies, once decreed complete independence and strict budgetary discipline for the Bundesbank, but now the mentors are violating their own principles.                                                    0136562-a254c38c35bbbf51ec7f731623bfd983.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017632 00000000000 015204  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Once the darlings of the UK startup scene, Dopplr has dwindled inexorably ever since it was bought by Nokia a year ago

Founded in Finland early in 2007, Dopplr was the great white, beautiful hope of the UK startup scene; a well-respected design and development team, and a service that imaginatively and stylishly captured the zeitgeist of business, travel and location services.

It published annual travel summaries for users and included their carbon output. It boosted the profile of money-spinning conferences. And – of most interest to potential investors – it attracted a wealthy, technophile and evangelical base of "upscale" business users. Backers included Esther Dyson, Tyler Brule, Joshua Schachter, Lars Hinrichs and Reid Hoffman. So what could go wrong?

In a word: Nokia.

The Finnish mobile manufacturer, which sells more phones than any other company, paid a rumoured $20m (give or take a few million) for the service almost exactly a year ago, with a deal that closed on 28 September, 2009.

Since then, Dopplr has fallen completely out of the web's view. Its blog has not been updated since two days after the acquisition. While Dopplr was too young to have grown a large user base, the Nokia acquisition could, with some imagination, have given it scale. Instead, comScore shows its monthly unique user numbers falling from 39,000 in September 2009 to 29,000 in July this year.

While the Guardian has been told that Dopplr's back-end system is still being maintained, its front-of-house appears woefully neglected, with no sign of the much-admired annual travel reports. Even if this was purely a talent acquisition, with the company bought for its staff, why allow the site to wither on the vine?

Dopplr's design chief Matt Jones had already left, joining Schulze & Webb (reincarnated as Berg) but still tied to Dopplr one day a month as a design advisor. Jones already had close to ties with Nokia as a former director of UX design there. Not only that, chief executive Marko Ahtisaari became senior vice president for design at Nokia, chief tech officer Matt Biddulph and developer Tom Insam both moved to Nokia's base in Berlin as strategist and developer respectively and are still there, working out lock-in periods.

At the time of the acquisition, people only saw possibility. "I'm guardedly optimistic that Nokia is smart enough to know not screw up a truly elegant service," wrote Dopplr user Chad in response to the news. Duncan Semple added: "I just hope the service won't get neglected or changed too much to fit with Nokia's other services." Trickles of comments this year have variously asked if anyone is still listening — and, echoing in an empty blog, talked of transferring to rival service TripIt.

Despite numerous requests over a number of weeks for comment about its plans for Dopplr, Nokia has not responded.

Since the launch of its Ovi internet services brand in August 2007 – soon after Apple's game-changing iPhone went on sale – Nokia has made a series of acquisitions to try and offer more social media and location features for its mobile phones. The results, however, are far from compelling.

In June 2008, Nokia acquired social activity service Plazes, saying the "visionary team" and "key assets" would allow it to extend its context-based services. The service is still operational — but has not been integrated with Ovi.

Nokia bought Canada's Oz Communications in November 2008 to improve social messaging services, German map technology firm bit-side GmbH in February 2009 and Hamburg-based Cellity in July 2009. Like many of the other deals, Cellity appeared to be a straightforward talent acquisition; Nokia said at the time the deal would "accelerate service development in some areas" and immediately closed the service. A month later it bought Plum, a 'private' social network from the US. And last week Nokia completed its acquisition of Motally, a US mobile metrics tool, saying it would continue to serve Motally's existing customer base.

However on the same day, to Motally users' dismay, it sent them a termination notice for the service.

All these firms, like Dopplr, have joined Nokia's services division. Fred Destin, a prominent venture capitalist, told the Guardian that the Dopplr deal was a straightforward talent acquisition, and that Dopplr was never that powerful. For Nokia and its vast, mainstream consumer base, there was little incentive in maintaining a niche service.

"My sense is that they were going to try and look at Dopplr as a horizontal piece of technology they could use on phones," he said. "Nokia doesn't have a great track record of maintaining innovation internally, and they are in soul-searching mode. It's a classic case of a large company acquiring a small company and not being entirely sure what to do with it."

He added: "There's a bunch of reasons it was a weird acquisition and it's difficult for a small company to flourish inside a company like that."

Comparable services Yapta and TripIt had 104,000 unique users in September 2009, according to comScore. Yapta shrank to 29,000 by July 2010 but TripIt grew to 190,000.

One UK startup told the Guardian how his startup pulled back from a partnership with Nokia. "The experience in the app store and Ovi Maps is just too poor. I don't think there's anything they could have done with Dopplr. They aren't used to a partnership world."

One other entrepreneur said that the deal could be valued in terms of its staff, and cited a common startup valuation formula of $500,000 per high-profile developer. At that rate, Biddulph, Jones and the team should be very pleased with the price put on their head. As for Dopplr – perhaps it was only ever a beautiful experiment, and one that ended in a modest but well-earned exit for its creators.

But Nokia needs something to start going right for it. Though it sells more smartphones than any other company, including Apple and BlackBerry-maker Research In Motion (RIM), in 2009 its revenues fell by 20% compared with 2008, from €50bn to €41bn, but its profits crashed from €3.7bn to just €270m – and its first-quarter figures for 2010 were more like 2009 than 2008.

Its efforts to launch the Ovi app store to compete with Apple's iPhone app store and the Android Marketplace run by Google have impressed few so far – and if the lesson of Dopplr is repeated, then it may be shunned by exactly the innovative people it needs to attract.

One source close to Dopplr said he wasn't surprised Dopplr was being allowed to deflate. "Nokia," he said. "Where good ideas go to die ..."

Companies bought by Nokia

A selected list of acquisitions the company has made over the past three years

Dopplr

What is it: travel-focused social network

When bought: September 2009

How much: $20m (est)

What happened next: nothing, apparently. "We have decided to bring it into a maintenance mode… but will not develop it further at this stage," Nokia said in a statement on Friday following the Guardian's story on its disappearance.

Symbian

What is it: mobile operating system company; Nokia already held shares

When bought: June 2008

How much: €264m

What happened next: it made Symbian open source and based its phones on it.

Navteq

What is it: American-based sat-nav data and products

When bought: October 2007

How much: $8.1bn

What happened next: Nokia phones now include free sat-nav.

Novarra

What is it: wireless internet system

When bought: March 2010

How much: n/a

What happened next: nothing visible.

Cellity

What is it: web and mobile address book

When bought: July 2009

How much: n/a

What happened next: nothing visible. The last mention of Cellity on Nokia's site is in 2009.

Plum

What is it: system for saving and sharing files in a social network

When bought: September 2009

How much: n/a

What happened next: visitors to plum.com have fallen to a tenth of those a year ago.

Motally

What is it: mobile analytics

When bought: August 2010

How much: n/a

What happened next: Motally customers were told accounts would be closed.                                                                                                      0136112-5252a83350ffa3f40deb2122acbcae80.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002621 00000000000 015206  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A Tokoroa couple who savagely attacked two children over a number of years have each been jailed for 18 months.

Stanley Willard Hamon, 46, and Elizabeth Tanya Matangi, 33, were found guilty by a Rotorua District Court jury in February of wilful ill treatment, assaults with a weapon and assaults on a boy and girl at various places around the North Island, Matangi from 2001 to 2011 and Hamon from 2005 to 2011.

Sentencing them today Judge Chris McGuire compared them with Bonnie and Clyde without weapons. He said they had been on the run from authorities after Matangi had abducted the two youngsters who had been in CYF care.

She is presently serving two years four months behind bars for the abduction and today's sentence was added to that, taking her total jail time to 3 years 10 months.

One of the charges against Hamon stemmed from him holding a gun to the boy's head, threatening to shoot him then bury him in a forest.

The child had been hit over the head by Matangi with a hot pot and a bowl.

The jury heard Hamon had pushed both children's heads down a toilet and whipped the boy with a belt. Judge McGuire said despite the guilty verdicts against him Hamon continued to maintain his innocence.

Crown prosecutor, Chris Macklin, said since the trial the boy had attempted to take his life. During the trial Judge McGuire ruled the girl should not give evidence because of her "parlous psychological state".                                                                                                               0136510-54ece5692bcca7ddcb508d5a4a39ea0c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000021565 00000000000 015465  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The devastation incurred by the landfall of Hurricane Sandy on the northeast coast of the United States just over one year ago exemplifies the need for further advances in accuracy and reliability in numerical weather prediction. High resolution numerical weather simulations carried out on hundreds of thousands of processors on the largest supercomputers are providing these very insights.

The National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) Weather Research and Forecasting (WRF) model has been employed on the largest yet storm prediction model using real data of over 4 billion points to simulate the landfall of Hurricane Sandy. Using an unprecedented 13,680 nodes (437,760 cores) of the Cray XE6 Blue Waters supercomputer at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications at the University of Illinois, the team of Peter Johnsen from Cray, Inc., Mark Straka from NCSA, and Mel Shapiro, Alan Norton, and Tom Galarneau from NCAR achieved an unprecedented level of performance for any weather model. The model used approximately 4 billion grid points at an extremely fine resolution of 500 meters. Forecast data was written and analyzed by the NCAR team members using the NCAR VAPOR visualization suite.

The landfall of Hurricane Sandy along the New Jersey shoreline late on October 30th, 2012 produced a catastrophic storm surge extending from New Jersey to Rhode Island. The research highlighted here demonstrates the capability of the NCSA/Cray Blue Waters supercomputer to conduct a cloud-resolving WRF-ARW simulation of an intense cyclone over a relatively large domain at a very-fine spatial resolution.

The Blue Waters system is a Cray XE/XK hybrid machine composed of 362,240 AMD 6276 “Interlagos” processors and 4224 NVIDIA GK110 Kepler accelerators all connected by the Cray Gemini 3-D (24^3) torus interconnect. It provides sustained performance of 1 petaflop on a range of real-world science and engineering applications. Our motivation was to reduce time to solution as much as was under our control without major source code restructuring. The WRF version 3.3.1 source code was modified from the public distribution chiefly with concerns for reducing the I/O burden per MPI task and limiting the necessary information to a single MPI rank.

Topology Considerations Are Vital

Domain configuration and process layout using MPI rank ordering features of the Cray XE6 job scheduler (ALPS) form a cornerstone in efficiently using the XE6 3D torus interconnect and allowing WRF to scale this successfully. We used the Cray grid_order utility to generate improved placement of the ranks for the primary communication pattern in the WRF solver, which is nearest neighbor halo exchanges. Reducing the number of neighbors communicating off-node is the primary goal. Using an alternate placement allows us to get 3 communication partners for most MPI ranks on the same node, instead of only 2, as would be with the default placement. At very high scales, this strategy improves overall WRF performance by 18% or more.

We found the most effective way to run WRF on the AMD Bulldozer core-modules was to exploit WRF’s “hybrid” MPI/OpenMP structure, utilizing 2 OpenMP threads per MPI rank. This puts 16 MPI ranks on each XE6 node.

The optimized placement we’ve employed also has the benefit of sending smaller east-west direction exchanges off-node and keeping as many larger north-south messages on-node as possible, resulting in 75% fewer bytes being sent over the network. We verified empirically the long-known tactic of decomposing WRF’s domain with many fewer MPI ranks in the X direction than the Y, as this leads to longer vectors on the inner compute loops.

Our simulations yielded an average Tflop count of 32.454 Tflops per second, per simulation time step. Parallel efficiency was still above 60% even on 13,680 XE6 nodes. Over 12 million off-node halo exchange messages totaling 280 GB were processed every WRF time step.

I/O Considerations at Scale

On the Blue Waters system, the Lustre file system was used for all file activity.

Two techniques were used to handle the large I/O requirements for the Sandy simulation –

Parallel NetCDF (PnetCDF), jointly developed by Northwestern University and Argonne National Laboratory, was used where practical. The MPICH library from Cray has a tuned MPI-IO implementation that aligns parallel I/O with the Lustre file system. This format is required when post-processing tools are used. WRF has a multi-file option where each subdomain, or MPI rank, reads and writes unique files. This was used for very large restart files and some of the pre-processing steps. The Blue Waters Lustre file system was able to open and read 145,920 restart files in 18 seconds for a 4560 node case.

Additionally, use of WRF’s auxiliary history output options to select only the output fields of greatest interest, thus reducing the volume of output considerably, was of great utility in our work.

Scalability of Hurricane Sandy run. Sustained performance in Tflops/second (y-axis, left) and parallel efficiency over base run on 8,192 cores (y-axis, right) are shown.

Forecast Analysis and Validation

The following figures show a comparison of the maximum radar reflectivity (a surrogate for precipitation) from the simulations at 3-km and 500-m horizontal resolution. In both simulations, a broad region of heavy precipitation is located on the west and southwest side of Sandy, and is organized in a region where warm moist northeasterly flow intersects a northwesterly surge of cold continental air (not shown).

Comparison of (a) 3-km and (b) 500-m horizontal resolution ARW simulations of maximum radar reflectivity (shaded according to the color bar in dBZ) verifying at 1500 UTC 29 October 2012.

The 500-m simulation is superior to that at 3-km because it shows the fine-scale linear structure of the convective precipitation bands, consistent with the available observations (not shown). The next images show a zoomed-in view of maximum radar reflectivity and 300-m wind speed within the inner-core of Sandy at 1800 UTC 29 October 2012. This zoomed perspective allows for examination of the full detail of the simulation, noting that the resolution of the simulation (7000×7000 grid points) exceeds the resolution of standard computer monitors by a factor of seven. Here we note the utility of ultra-advanced computational capability to represent the full range of scales spanning the storm-scale circulations down to fine-scale turbulent motions and individual cloud and precipitation systems.

500-m ARW simulation of (a) maximum radar reflectivity (shaded according to the color bar in dBZ) and (b) 300-m wind speed (shaded according to the color bar in m s−1) verifying at 1800 UTC 29 October 2012.

The model accuracy for predicting such key output fields as rainfall, pressures, wind speeds, and storm track was graphically validated against actual atmospheric measurements from the storm using NCAR’s VAPOR software suite. Given recent advances in accessing and displaying large volume geophysical datasets as exemplified by the VAPOR software, it is now possible to view the full temporal evolution of numerical simulations and predictions of atmospheric and other geophysical systems. Examples of the advanced visualizations of Hurricane Sandy with VAPOR can be found at:

https://www.vapor.ucar.edu/sites/default/files/movies/sandy_SC13_web_0.mp4

The results of this research will be presented at the Supercomputing conference this month in November. See the conference agenda here:

http://sc13.supercomputing.org/schedule/event_detail.php?evid=pap255

Cutting Edge Forecasting

NOAA has initiated the ten-year Hurricane Forecast Improvement Project (HFIP), which is evaluating a variety of modeling approaches, exploring the feasibility of real-time fine-scale hurricane projections. Its enhanced Hurricane WRF model (HWRF) is already being run in real time at a somewhat smaller scale. In a collaborative effort involving NOAA’s Hurricane Research Division and Environmental Modeling Center, Cray , NCSA, and NCAR, this code is already being run on Blue Waters to conduct performance studies at scale with grid nesting never before possible. Results are already promising that coming years’ hurricane seasons will be able to incorporate much finer detailed real-time forecasts generated by these simulations. The team is also exploring high resolution simulations with the Office of Naval Research ONR using the COAMPS model.

Research Team:

Peter Johnsen is a performance engineer and meteorologist with Cray, Inc. Peter’s expertise is optimizing environmental applications on HPC systems.

Mark Straka specializes in performance analysis of scientific applications on the Blue Waters system at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications.

Melvyn Shapiro, Alan Norton, and Thomas Galarneau are research meteorologists with the National Center for Atmospheric Research and are studying many weather phenomena, including Hurricane Sandy’s unique nature.                                                                                                                                           0136482-06bdd6e71ec9dc3225022f8e4ad7b2da.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011240 00000000000 015317  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        This morning, on the way to work, the employees of a few major United Kingdom-based ad agencies came across a message meant just for them.

Just in time for International Day of Action Against Advertising on Friday, artist network Brandalism's gone guerrilla again: It's erected posters in bus shelters just outside Ogilvy, JWT, AMV BBDO and TBWA Manchester, with the images referencing ad classics.

"Work for TBWA?" one reads. "You're shaping desire. You've got power and a moral responsibility. We'd love to talk to you." The ads drive people to Switch Sides, a Brandalism subsite.

"We speak with people who work in corporate advertising all the time," the site says. "Many are close friends, and express regular existential doubts about the work they do. Huge industries of artistic labour, and multi-million pound budgets—all in the pursuit of… what? Another leather sofa? The latest airline deal to Rome? Your creativity could mean so much more."

In addition to showing more photos from the execution, the manifesto continues:

Right now, the world faces multiple social and environmental crisis. Our rent is unaffordable, wealth inequality is growing, thousands are drowning in the Mediterranean sea and the climate is destabilising at a faster and faster rate. We cannot consume our way out of these problems. We need your skills and your passion. Not to sell us more Snickers bars or BP's latest sponsorship deal… but to change the world. We need more art directors, copywriters, strategic planners, graphic designers, 3D artists, developers and project managers. We need all of you. We have a battle to fight. But this not a battle against desire. We want more from life, not less. This Friday 25 March 2016 is an international day against advertising—called by our friends in France. It's a perfect day to consider what you do for a living and your role in the world. You might think, "It's easy for your to say, but I need to earn a living." And you're right, it's easy for us to write these words. Conversion, as all advertisers know, is not a simple process. We have mortgages to pay, children to support, parents to satisfy and status to uphold. We know these pressures. Many of us have worked in the industry. But we escaped the shackles of commercial marketing and fled to the worlds of community activism, environmental sustainability, refugee solidarity and artistic-political praxis. Although just a first step, confronting our responsibilities has allowed us to prioritise our personal beliefs over our corporate, career-driven selves. The sense of relief was astonishing. If you'd like to continue the conversation, then please get in touch with the email address at the bottom of this page. We promise to protect your anonymity. Where and how we take things from here, we're not quite sure. But we'll be waiting.

"The advertising industry has a profound impact on our values and what we consider important in life," said Brandalism's Robert Marcuse. "The skills of thousands of creative people are needed not to sell us more stuff, but to overcome the multiple social crisis of our times such as climate change, social inequality and child poverty. We want to start a conversation with those working in advertising about how we move beyond consumption and economic growth."

The organization also says that many of the ads were posted by former ad folk. On joining Brandalism, former creative Cynthia Philips adds, "I just didn't want to have to tell my grandchildren that I just stood at the sidelines when so many serious issues were going on around me."

The International Day Against Advertising is a call to arms to "free up the planet from ads," and expects participation from at least 20 cities in six countries, particularly in Europe, South America, and the US. These can include covering up, defacing or replacing ad panels, graffiti, or social media campaigns, among other things. (The website calls for action "individually, collectively, with direct and non-violent actions, by raising awareness about the ads which frustrate us.")

The first celebration of the day was last year during the World Social Forum in Tunisia. This year, French association Résistance à l'Agression Publicitaire is taking up the call to arms. The date commemorates a French court decision in 2013 that deemed a group of anti-ad activists as not guilty of "degredation" after they spray painted billboards in 2009.

They were acquitted in the name of freedom of speech and "reason of necessity" against ad oppression.

Late last year, Brandalism's team slathered the city of Paris with 600 fake ads ahead of the COP21, highlighting the environmental hypocrisy of brands vaunting their active involvement.

More creative variants appear below.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136421-7bdc84502a700e2375085bc5e5095840.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011114 00000000000 014575  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        I don’t know if Bruce Cassidy is the second coming of Scotty Bowman. I’m not even sure he is as good a head coach as Claude Julien was.

But what’s clear is that the Boston Bruins, who are 3-0-0 since changing coaches last week, are benefitting from having a new voice behind the bench. And they aren’t the only ones. From the St. Louis Blues to the New York Islanders, the best trades in the NHL this season have concerned a coach — not a player.

It’s called a bump, a boost or a boon. And while there is no guarantee that this short-term surge will continue for the long run, it quite possibly has saved Boston’s season. And a similar move could save Montreal’s season as well.

The Habs, who lost 4-0 to the Bruins on Sunday, still have a six-point lead atop the Atlantic Division. But after losing 10 of their last 14 games, they head into the bye week skidding toward the same proverbial cliff that the team fell off last year.

Maybe the five-day break will give the team a chance to clear its collective head and get back on track. Maybe acquiring a player like Matt Duchene at the upcoming March 1 trade deadline will make things right. But that’s nearly three weeks away.

By then, the Habs, who have played five more games than the second-place Senators and four more than the fourth-place Leafs in the Atlantic Division standings, could be out of a playoff spot.

Besides, the Habs don’t really need to make a trade. They just need a jolt in the same way that the Bruins, Blues and Islanders needed one.

In other words, they need to fire head coach Michel Therrien.

When the Blues fired Ken Hitchcock on Feb. 1, the team had lost five of its last six games and was clinging to the final wild card spot. Today, they are 5-1-0 under Mike Yeo and in third place in the Central Division. The Islanders are 8-2-2 since firing Jack Capuano, having climbed from last in the Eastern Conference to 10th place, just one point out of the wildcard spot.

Even the Florida Panthers, who fired Gerard Gallant in November, have shown a slight improvement since then.

It’s not about Xs and Os. A new coach might assign new roles to players and devise different power play schemes. But mostly it’s a wake-up call to the rest of the team. Trades are harder and harder to execute in today’s NHL, but firing the head coach is an easy way for a GM to get the message across that things need to change.

After that, it’s up to the players.

“It’s been pretty impressive,” St. Louis defenceman Colton Parayko told reporters after the Blues won their fourth straight game under Yeo. “We’ve just realized that if we want to do this, we’ve got to put together the effort and make sure that we work together as a team. We definitely have the team on paper to be one of the best in the league, so it’s just a matter of showing up and working together. It’s definitely an exciting time for us when we know what we can be like when we play our best.”

A year ago, the Pittsburgh Penguins found themselves at a similar crossroads when they fired Mike Johnston and replaced him with Mike Sullivan. At the time, the team was 15-10-3 and in fifth place in the crowded Metropolitan Division. The move ended up not only saving their season, but also resulted in the team winning the Stanley Cup. In the last eight years, two other coaches — Darryl Sutter and Dan Bylsma — have taken over a team in the middle of the season and won a championship.

There is no reason why the Canadiens could not pull a similar 180 with another voice behind the bench. They have the best goalie in the league in Carey Price, a defenceman in Shea Weber who is in the Norris Trophy conversation and a top scorer in Max Pacioretty who is two goals back of Sidney Crosby in the Rocket Richard Trophy race.

And yet, the Canadiens are a mess.

The team, which went 13-1-1 to start the season, is tied for fewest wins in the NHL since the beginning of February. Price hasn’t been nearly as sharp as he was at the beginning of the season, but it’s hard to blame the goaltending when Montreal has been shut out in three of its last five games and is averaging two goals per game in the last month.

With Alex Galchenyuk and Brendan Gallagher both healthy, there are no excuses. The Canadiens, who have another year after this one before Price becomes an unrestricted free agent, need to take advantage of this window before it starts closing and rebuilding teams like Toronto and Buffalo become even more competitive.

Montreal already made a culture-shifting move last summer, when GM Marc Bergevin traded P.K. Subban to Nashville for Shea Weber.

Now, another move is needed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0136556-df4e90c4d7d64f062073ead849313f07.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002213 00000000000 015041  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        ECHO PARK –– Thanks to Kelly Erickson for these photos of the new, nearly three-story high mural artist Shepard Fairey recently painted on the side of an apartment building on Sunset Boulevard near Portia Street. It’s the same spot where a French street artist had installed a mural of an old woman a few years back.

Fairey, whose studio is located a few blocks east on Sunset from the new mural, said on Instagram:

More Echo Park stories

Got a news tip or photo to share? Submit it here

“The crew and I just finished a mural on Sunset Blvd in #EchoPark and it is nice to have a big piece of art in our neighborhood. Echo Park is not as rough as it used to be, but some areas are still rough… specifically the brick wall we were painting on! The mural looks good in the end but it was very tough to get clean lines.”

Can’t get enough Echo Park news? Sign up for The Eastsider’s Echo Park Weekly email newsletter. Echo Park Weekly features EP-centric stories, tidbits, advice, observations, information as well as the week’s top news.

Jesús Sanchez, Publisher

The Eastsider

Please fill out every field

Problem with the form? Let us know                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136573-ddcb150e11c8cf5cbc4ea541e68d9eea.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002242 00000000000 015545  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Please enable Javascript to watch this video

ST. LOUIS (KPLR) - In an act of kindness a St. Louis community came together to help save a dog desperate in need of a rescue. It all started with Megan Gleason, she had been watching 3-year-old Sammie a boxer mix survive in bad conditions in a Clifton Heights neighborhood for over a year. Gleason called St. Louis City law and code enforcement and discovered the owner was barely up to code and could not remove the dog. Last week Gleason reached out to people in 13 neighborhoods with the Next Door app. Then suddenly she was swamped with hundreds of supporters and suggestions.

"She was left in a pen and her water would be frozen in the winter she also had limited access to shelter and in the summer she was in the heat." said Gleason.

After a week of, texts, phone calls and teamwork the owner released Sammie to volunteers. Meanwhile, Needy Paws placed the dog with a foster family. Concerned citizens also started a Go Fund Me page to pay for vet bills. The group of neighbors may have all been complete strangers, but are now good friends with a special bond that started with a special dog.

Needy Paws

Sammies Go Fund Me Page                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0136506-e744084352ee6970b1ed63bf8c35289a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002110 00000000000 014757  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        (Wikimedia Commons)

Vanilla beans, oddly enough, are not the only potential source of vanilla aroma. It also comes from coniferous trees and beavers.

Rumors have been circulating on the Internet that beavers’ anal secretions have the scent and taste of vanilla. Earlier this week, the Swedish National Food Agency confirmed that, saying that anal secretions that beavers use to mark their territory, called castoreum, can be used for vanilla flavoring in baked goods, chewing gum, pudding, etc.

In the U.S., castoreum is sometimes just cited as “natural flavoring,” in ingredient lists. However, beavers aren’t bred with the goal of harvesting their butt mucus, so it’s not likely to be a very common source of vanilla flavoring, according to the Agency. According to Fenaroli's Handbook of Flavor Ingredients, published in 2005, total annual consumption of both castoreum extract and castoreum liquid was around 250 pounds.

If it’s rare, it must be a delicacy.

We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0136435-3fbcf0d80ff2104793a979aaf9bd1fa2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017760 00000000000 015344  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Looking at the two possible though divergent futures for Syria.

The talk of the towns; namely in Damascus, Homs, Hama, Aleppo and other Syrian cities and hamlets; is focused today on renewed speculation concerning the possible next step in the resolution of the civil war that has raged for over four years now in Syria.

There is a nagging suspicion hanging in the air that fragmentation of the country along ethnic and sectarian lines leaves no other option but to introduce a federal system of government and create three autonomous regions, which would remain part of a unified Syria.

How to keep Syria together

The day after news of the Russia-U.S. agreement on a ceasefire circulated, the Hawar News Agency, the main media outlet of the Syrian Kurds, published an interview with Ilham Ahmed. Ahmed is a member of the Executive Council of the Democratic Society Movement (TEV-DEM) in Syrian Kurdistan, which operates out of Rojava, a de facto autonomous region in northern Syria.

The key revelation amounted to an admission that there is an understanding among all stakeholders that the partitioning of Syria without actually breaking it apart is the only sensible solution. Apparently, it is more than simply an “understanding,” something more akin to a roadmap.

According to Ahmed, Syria would essentially consist of three entities. Northern regions would belong to the Kurds; southern regions with Damascus as its capital would accommodate Alawites, Druze, Christians and others; and the centre of the country would be allocated to the Sunnis. All three would have their own parliaments.

History of fragmentation in Syria

Weighing the likelihood of a regulated federalization of Syria as a sound alternative to its chaotic “balkanization,” Grigory Kosach, professor at the Russian State University for Humanities and an expert on politics of the Arab world, invoking historical precedents told RIR.

“In theory, the federalization of Syria is feasible. It has been a patchy formation from the very beginning. There is a precedent. France, granted a mandate to rule over Syria by the League of Nations, split territories along regional and ethnic lines.”

Kosach is referring to the situation in 1920 (after the Sykes-Picot agreement) when the French, pursuing an agenda of self-interest and out of fear for the rise of Arab nationalism, applied “political fragmentation” by creating separate proto-states in Syria. Apart from the states of Aleppo and Damascus, ethnic Druze were allowed to have their own political unit under the patronage of France. Under the French, the Alawites enjoyed a special administrative regime in the mountain district behind Latakia.

“It was a tale of two cities, or rather a contest for supremacy between Aleppo and Damascus, both claiming the right to be the capital of an amalgamated Syria. Actually, the political and business elites of the two cities looked to different foreign partners and patrons. Damascus was focused on Lebanon and Arab countries to the south, while Aleppo sought benefits from dealing with Kemalist Turkey. Under certain circumstances, they could have parted ways.”

The fundamentals today have changed drastically. For the moment, Syrian Kurds seem to accept the concept of autonomy within the Syrian state. Will President Bashar Al-Assad or his successor be happy with such an arrangement? Will it not provoke Turkey into some sort of “preventive strike” to suffocate even an embryonic statehood for the Kurds? Their fear could be the emergence of such a state on the regional political map and, even more worrisome for Ankara, is that it could be in the close vicinity of its own restive Kurdish regions in southeast Anatolia.

“The feasibility of a federal administrative alignment in Syria is conditional on the progress to be made at the inter-Syrian dialogue,” Kosach adds.

The recent inauguration of a representative bureau of Syrian Kurdistan in Moscow is a sign of a “constructive dialogue” between the two sides, said a Kurdish official in a private conversation. From a legal standpoint, there are no “two sides.” It is not a diplomatic mission but the office of a “public organization.” Yet, the ball has been set into motion.

Does Moscow stand to win or lose?

If the federalization scenario unravels in the long run, Russia has nothing to lose but can count certain gains, argues Vadim Kozyulin, a senior research fellow at the PIR Centre, a Moscow-based independent think tank, in a comment to RIR.

“Although Syrian Kurds have never publicly declared their intention to strive for a separate statehood, the situation might evolve along the same route as in Iraqi Kurdistan. Formally (it might be called) autonomy, having all the attributes of a state within a state: government, legislation, military formations (”peshmerga”), viable sources for the regional budget, etc. Syrian Kurdistan could follow this example.”

In the context of a Syria solidified as a unified state, just as proposed by world powers in November 2015, the relatively workable cooperation between the Alawites and Christian minorities with the Syrian Kurds can be ensured, provided their willingness to compromise. Yet, it depends on whether the Kurds in the northern regions limit their ambitions to the benefits brought about by a wide or wider autonomy.

Cooperation is not guaranteed

In this respect, the cooperation of Sunni tribes and their leaders, some of whom are referred to as the “moderate opposition” with the formally “central authorities” in Damascus is far from guaranteed.

The concept of a Sunni state-like formation after the partition relates to the proposal by John R. Bolton, a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, who served as the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations from August 2005 to December 2006. Bolton, in an article published in November 2016 in The New York Times suggests “the best alternative to the Islamic State in north eastern Syria and western Iraq is a new, independent Sunni state.”

Bolton views this scenario through the lens of “creating a credible alternative to Daesh,” (Ed.: Daesh is an acronym from the Arabic for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant) which he defines as “Sunni-stan.” De facto it would mean a mono-religious entity with Shiites and Christians assigned to a subordinate status. It looks like a “Daesh-light” version, which, as Bolton phrases it, “could be a bulwark against both Mr. Assad and an Iran-allied Baghdad.”

The odds are not good that major regional players, now part of the conflict resolution process, would accept it. Primarily the major players include Russia, Iran, Iraq, and lest we forget, the still formally sovereign state of Syria.

Sunnis, the third pillar to a settlement

The chances of implementing another blueprint – a sustainable Sunni autonomy as part of a unified Syria – will be meagre as long as ‘Daesh’ or ISIS stays undefeated, remains a robust military machine and an alternative for radicalized Muslims.

However, if moderate Sunni groups, that are opposed to Daesh and are fighting the jihadists on their soil, are offered a platform to set up a separate administrative unit within Syria, would it not contribute to forming a united front against the arch-enemy?

Russia would be wise to tacitly support the ambitions of moderate Sunni organizations, asserts Kozyulin while emphasizing the need for Russian diplomacy to be flexible.

“Taking into account the entrenched animosity of the Sunnis, who constitute the majority in Syria, towards Assad’s regime, Moscow would be wise not to alienate them but positively engage them.”

Most likely, a unified Syrian state is the fairest and most sustainable option. But given the accumulated wrath and the legacy of blood vendettas that are typical of every civil war, it could be too late. For the moment, the political and military pendulum in Syria is in motion. It can swing either way: either federalization or balkanization.

The opinion of the writer may not necessarily reflect the position of RIR or its staff.

All rights reserved by Rossiyskaya Gazeta.                0136586-835f39397585416d36157664358ad8d0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014017 00000000000 014437  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A chance discovery of 80-year-old photo plates in a Danish basement is providing new insight into how Greenland glaciers are melting today.

Researchers at the National Survey and Cadastre of Denmark -- that country's federal agency responsible for surveys and mapping -- had been storing the glass plates since explorer Knud Rasmussen's expedition to the southeast coast of Greenland in the early 1930s.

In this week's online edition of Nature Geoscience, Ohio State University researchers and colleagues in Denmark describe how they analyzed ice loss in the region by comparing the images on the plates to aerial photographs and satellite images taken from World War II to today.

Taken together, the imagery shows that glaciers in the region were melting even faster in the 1930s than they are today, said Jason Box, associate professor of geography and researcher at the Byrd Polar Research Center at Ohio State. A brief cooling period starting in the mid-20th century allowed new ice to form, and then the melting began to accelerate again in the 2000s.

"Because of this study, we now have a detailed historical analogue for more recent glacier loss," Box said. "And we've confirmed that glaciers are very sensitive indicators of climate."

Pre-satellite observations of Greenland glaciers are rare. Anders Anker Bjørk, doctoral fellow at the Natural History Museum of Denmark and lead author of the study, is trying to compile all such imagery. He found a clue in the archives of The Arctic Institute in Copenhagen in 2011.

"We found flight journals for some old planes, and in them was a reference to National Survey and Cadastre of Denmark," Bjørk said.

As it happens, researchers at the National Survey had already contacted Bjørk about a find of their own.

"They were cleaning up in the basement and had found some old glass plates with glaciers on them. The reason the plates were forgotten was that they were recorded for mapping, and once the map was produced they didn't have much value."

Those plates turned out to be documentation of Rasmussen's 7th Thule Expedition to Greenland. They contained aerial photographs of land, sea and glaciers in the southeast region of the country, along with travel photos of Rasmussen's team.

The researchers digitized all the old images and used software to look for differences in the shape of the southeast Greenland coastline where the ice meets the Atlantic Ocean. Then they calculated the distance the ice front moved in each time period.

Over the 80 years, two events stand out: glacial retreats from 1933-1934 and 2000-2010. In the 1930s, fewer glaciers were melting than are today, and most of those that were melting were land-terminating glaciers, meaning that they did not contact the sea.

Those that were melting retreated an average of 20 meters per year -- the fastest retreating at 374 meters per year. Fifty-five percent of the glaciers in the study had similar or higher retreat rates during the 1930s than they do today.

Still, more glaciers in southeast Greenland are retreating today, and the average ice loss is 50 meters per year. That's because a few glaciers with very fast melting rates -- including one retreating at 887 meters per year -- boost the overall average.

But to Box, the most interesting part of the study is what happened between the two melting events.

From 1943-1972, southeast Greenland cooled -- probably due to sulfur pollution, which reflects sunlight away from Earth.

Sulfur dioxide is a poisonous gas produced by volcanoes and industrial processes. It has been tied to serious health problems and death, and is also the main ingredient in acid rain. Its presence in the atmosphere peaked just after the Clean Air Act was established in 1963. As it was removed from the atmosphere, the earlier warming resumed.

The important point is not that deadly pollution caused the climate to cool, but rather that the brief cooling allowed researchers to see how Greenland ice responded to the changing climate.

The glaciers responded to the cooling more rapidly than researchers had seen in earlier studies. Sixty percent of the glaciers advanced during that time, while 12 percent were stationary. And now that the warming has resumed, the glacial retreat is dominated by marine-terminating outlet glaciers, the melting of which contributes to sea level rise.

"From these images, we see that the mid-century cooling stabilized the glaciers," Box said. "That suggests that if we want to stabilize today's accelerating ice loss, we need to see a little cooling of our own."

Southeast Greenland is a good place to study the effects of climate change, he explained, because the region is closely tied to air and water circulation patterns in the North Atlantic.

"By far, more storms pass through this region -- transporting heat into the Arctic -- than anywhere else in the Northern Hemisphere. Climate change brings changes in snowfall and air temperature that compete for influence on a glacier's net behavior," he said.

Co-authors on the study include Kurt H. Kjær, Niels J. Korsgaard, Kristian K. Kjeldsen, and Svend Funder at the Natural History Museum of Denmark, University of Copenhagen; Shfaqat A. Khan of the National Space Institute, Technical University of Denmark; Camilla S. Andresen of the Department of Marine Geology and Glaciology at the Geological Survey of Denmark and Greenland; and Nicolaj K. Larsen of the Department of Geoscience at Aarhus University.

Photos, satellite images and other data for the study were provided by the National Survey and Cadastre; The Scott Polar Research Institute in the United Kingdom; the Arctic Institute in Denmark; researchers Bea Csatho and Sudhagar Nagarajan of the Geology Department at the University at Buffalo; and the NASA Land Processes Distributed Active Archive Center at the USGS/Earth Resources Observation and Science Center of Sioux Falls, S.D. Andreas Pedersen of the Danish company MapWork wrote the script for the software used in the study.

This work is a part of the RinkProject funded by the Danish Research Council and the Commission for Scientific Research in Greenland.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0136546-8b34c293128c7bcf8f717bae8a7a91ac.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006173 00000000000 015270  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        – Colorado senior outside linebackeris one of 42 student-athletes named to the 2017 Lott IMPACT Trophy Watch List, the Pacific Club IMPACT Foundation has announced.Named after Pro Football Hall of Fame member, Ronnie Lott, The Lott IMPACT Trophy is awarded to college football's Defensive IMPACT Player of the Year. Founded in 2004 by The Pacific Club IMPACT Foundation, The Lott Trophy is the first and only college football award to equally recognize athletic performance and the personal character attributes of the player. The Lott Trophy is given to the player who exhibits the same characteristics Lott embodied during his distinguished career: Integrity, Maturity, Performance, Academics, Community and Tenacity.McCartney is one of 17 linebackers on the watch list. The Pac-12 Conference had the most players on the list with 10 and McCartney's is joined by fellow league members: Koron Crump, LB, Arizona State; Porter Gustin, DE, USC; Chase Hansen, S, Utah; Hercules Mata'afa, DE, Washington State; Harrison Phillips, DL, Stanford; Cameron Saffle, DE, Cal;, LB, USC; Azeem Victor, LB, Washigton; Kenny Young, LB, UCLA.On the field, McCartney ranks in the top 40 all-time at Colorado in career sacks with 9½ in 27 games played and 25 starts. He was selected as a team captain for the Buffs in 2017. He is coming off a junior season that was cut short due to a knee injury. Before his injury in week three at No. 4 Michigan, he returned a fumble 18 yards for a touchdown to give CU a 14-0 lead over the Wolverines at the time.Off the field, McCartney has received national recognition for his academic success and contributions to his community.McCartney was named to the 2016 AFCA Good Works Team, one of just 12 Division I players honored last season, which recognizes and celebrates those who dedicate their time to bettering the community and the lives of others. McCartney is the only one of the 12 from last season's Good Works Team who made the Lott IMPACT Trophy Watch List.In the spring of 2016 he participated in CU's "Be A Match" program that coachstarted after his first year in Boulder. McCartney was a match and went through the grueling process of donating, missing the bulk of CU's spring practices in the process. Eight months later, he was informed that his blood stem cells he donated went to a male in his 50s or 60s and that he helped save that man's life.He graduated in May 2016 after just three years with a degree in one of CU's most challenging majors – Integrative Physiology – with a Pre-Med course of study at Colorado. He is now enrolled in CU's graduate program for IPHY with plans to go to medical school after the conclusion of his football career.Voters for the award include selected members of the national media, previous finalists, the Board of Directors of the Pacific Club IMPACT Foundation and a distinguished group of former college football head coaches. To date, the Foundation has donated more than $1.1 million to various charities throughout the country. The 14th annual Lott IMPACT Trophy Awards will be held Dec. 10 at The Pacific Club in Newport Beach, Calif. For more information on The Lott Trophy visit: www.LottImpactTrophy.org                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136549-6c63cf9a9e71edb29e275be2a7d0bf5a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004507 00000000000 015433  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        ARCOLA, Texas - KPRC 2 News has obtained the 911 call of a witness to a deadly plane crash that killed an instructor and injured a student Monday in Fort Bend County.

Pilot Jimmy Johnson and student Nezabian Thomas caught a strong crosswind just after takeoff from the Southwest Regional Airport.

"Me and my instructor are trying to correct and after that we didn't have enough thrust to climb anymore, so the nose went down and next thing you know you've got three seconds, you hit the ground. It was at a pretty bad angle too," Thomas said.

He was able to save himself, crawling out of the flaming wreckage, but his 68-year-old instructor died.

In the 911 call, a man is heard describing the scene.

"There's a fire at Houston Southwest Airport. Right in the middle of the runway, a plane crashed and a guy came here and he's burned," the caller said. "We need fire, ambulance. We need fire trucks."

He can then be heard talking to someone else, asking him, "Was it just you in the airplane?"

The man then tells the 911 operator, "There's a guy in the airplane... it's burning right now. It's next to a building. It's next to another airplane that's going to blow up also."

From his home nearby, Francisco Roque saw the column of thick, black smoke and began driving toward it as he photographed it with his cellphone.

“I live right next door. I was headed out, and I saw the heavy smoke coming out of the hanger and grabbed my camera and started recording.” Roque said.

Thomas, 20, is in the Air National Guard and took up flying lessons in January as a hobby.

"It was a New Year's goal of mine to start flying," Thomas said in a phone interview with KPRC 2 News.

"He's a very safe pilot, so I never thought this could happen to him. How do you prepare for this?" said Johnson's wife, Benjie Sanderson.

Johnson, 68, worked for Houston Light Sport Aviation, a flight school based at the airport, and owner of the aircraft. Investigators said he had logged thousands of hours in the air. Thomas, they said, had flown five previous times with the school's instructors.

Sanderson said her husband loved to fly and loved to teach others.

"If he had to die unexpectedly, I really do believe this would have been his choice,” said Johnson’s stepdaughter, Mary Redwine. "I'm sure he regrets someone else was injured in the process."

2016 Click2Houston/KPRC2                                                                                                                                                                                         0136124-c0a843ab25aa36c0a16687c2b5aa2849.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004407 00000000000 015065  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Tesla

Tesla

Lee Hutchinson

Volvo

Volvo

Jonathan Gitlin

Ron Amadeo

Anyone who has driven a Tesla can't help but be impressed by what the company has achieved in just a few short years. OK, the Roadster was basically a Lotus Elise underneath, but the Model S and Model X are ground-up designs and feature a very impressive powertrain. But at the same time, anyone who has driven a Model S or Model X also can't help but notice the company's weakest point—the terrible interiors. Evidently Tesla has realized this—as Electrek first reported earlier this week, the company has poached Volvo's head of interiors, Anders Bell, in order to remedy the problem.

I'm sure writing this will enrage some of the company's more vociferous online supporters, but I make no apologies. It's clearly evident that all the R&D money has been spent on that powertrain and on software (particularly Autopilot); the cabins have been almost an afterthought. It's not just a lack of design flair—although that is certainly true. It's also the materials used, most of which would look out of place in an economy car in 2016, let alone a luxury SUV or sedan that starts out at more than $60,000. And this stuff is important. As a driver, the interior of a car is the bit that you'll look at and touch almost all the time.

Acres of flat, black shiny plastic abound. The Model X central storage bin has cheap removable inserts for cup holders. And the cubby that lives below the massive touchscreen in the Model S? No one thought to give it a lip at the forward edge, so anything you put in there is headed straight for the back seat the moment you hit the accelerator. And that's before we've touched on the Q&A problems—the last Model S the company let me drive had that cubby misaligned, so there was a half-inch gap at the upper left corner.

Volvo, on the other hand, is one of the industry's leaders when it comes to good interior design. For mass-production vehicles, no one other than Audi does them as well as Volvo, and I'm a particular fan of the sense of space and the use of materials in both the XC90 and S90.

It's not the first strategic bit of poaching that Tesla has conducted. In May of this year the company hired Audi's Peter Hochholdinger to head up Model 3 vehicle production.

Listing image by Tesla                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136597-81a1a06402c991d554e49f09cf78ea3d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004300 00000000000 015044  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Did you know? Nothing whatsoever happened in British history between 3 and 13 September 1752. The British Calendar Act of 1751 proclaimed that in Britain (and Americn Colonies) Thursday 3 September 1752 should become Thursday 14 September 1752.

The Gregorian calendar The Gregorian calendar is the one most used nowadays. It is named after Pope Gregory Xlll who introduced it in 1582. There is a leap year every four years (or more precisely, 97 leap years every 400 years). This means that the year corresponds closely with the astronomical year (365.24219 days) so that it is just one day out every 3,300 years. The Julian Calendar Up until 1753, the calendar we used in Britain was the Julian Calendar. It was 365.25 days long, which was fractionally too long, and the calendar over time fell out of line with the seasons and thus was less accurate than the Gregorian Calendar. All change - "Give us back our 11 days!" In 1752 Britain decided to abandon the Julian calendar in favour of the Gregorian. By doing so, 3 September instantly became 14 September - and as a result, nothing whatsoever happened in British history between 3 and 13 September 1752. Many people believed their lives would be shortened. They protested in the streets, demanding "Give us back our 11 days!" Also on this day...... 3 September 1939 - WW2 declared

British ultimatum to Germany, demanding halt to invasion of Poland (which started on 1 September 1939), expired at 11am, GMT, 3 September 1939. At 11:15 AM, in a radio broadcast, Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain announced the declaration of war against Germany.

3 September - Cromwell Day

Oliver Cromwell died on this day in 1658. The day is commemorated with an open air service in front of his statue outside the Houes of Parliament in London. Cromwell was an English military and political leader best known in England for his involvement in making England into a republican Commonwealth and for his later role as Lord Protector of England, Scotland and Ireland. 3 September - Merchant Navy Day

The day remembers the 30,000 men of the British Merchant Navy who were lost between 1939-1945. For almost six years during WW2 barely a day went by without the loss of merchant ships and their crews.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136590-47093f51359476d00728ee68577f6390.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014456 00000000000 014441  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        'Rotating leadership may be part of the secret sauce that allows organizations like Apple to release breakthrough products and achieve a competitive advantage.'



Earlier this year, Apple released a list of partners that supply the chips, parts, and technology that make its products. (You can view the report here) The list is comprised of 156 companies -- from big brands such as Intel, Panasonic, and Samsung Electronics to less well-known firms like Zeniya Aluminum Engineering and Taiyi Precision Tech Corporation.



What's striking about the list is its length. The 156 partners underscore the fact that iPads, iPhones, and MacBook Airs are not only the results of the genius of the late Steve Jobs and his A-team of engineers. Rather, they are the fruits of numerous collaborative partnerships. Of course some of Apple's alliances are simple procurement relationships -- Apple needs a certain part, so it finds a willing seller. But many of these partnerships are intense, behind-the-scenes collaborations -- sometimes lasting multiple years -- that involve Apple and another company jointly designing new products and technologies.



The computer industry is highly collaborative. Any given product -- be it a laptop, a desktop, a tablet, or even an operating system -- is the result of many alliances and collaborations. I've always been interested in how these collaborations happen, and what it is that makes one partnership yield a groundbreaking innovation, while another yield nothing all that exciting. (Full disclosure: I've advised, consulted, or worked at a number of high-tech companies including Intel, Microsoft, Cisco, and Google.) Over the course of my career and in my fieldwork, I've talked to a number of Chief Technology Officers or Engineering VPs at big companies. They often report that the majority of their time is spent on these collaborations, and that many of them are incredibly challenging. These partnerships are hard to make successful, especially when success is defined as a breakthrough technology or achieving a 'big' performance improvement like a dramatic increase in hard drive memory or microprocessor speed.



Why is it so hard to make these collaborations work? In principle they should be easy to execute. After all, these companies are market leaders in their fields and they are not direct competitors. Often, these same companies have collaborated before. So they're not plagued by the usual problems associated with new alliance relationships, such as lack of trust.



It's the subject of my latest research* with my colleague from Stanford, Kathleen Eisenhardt. Together we looked at case studies of eight technology collaborations between 10 organizations in the computing and communications industries between 2001 and 2006. We found that the key to successful collaborations lies in the way the two partners share leadership. In particular, collaborations that use rotating leadership -- a give-and-take management approach where partners alternate control of phases of innovative development -- are most successful.



The approach helps generate better products, greater incremental revenues, more trade secrets, and a bigger number of patents than other kinds of collaborations. Employees prefer them, too. Team members rate the innovations generated by these kinds of rotating leadership collaborations as 50 percent better than innovations produced by other kinds of partnerships.



Generally speaking, the corporate collaborations we looked at used three different approaches to leadership: domineering, consensus, and rotating. Domineering leadership is where one partner controls the entire process. Decisions are made fast, but they're not always the best. Consensus leadership is where representatives from both sides agree on every decision at every point in the process. Decisions are thoughtful, but the innovation process takes much, much longer and partners often agree to the lowest common dominator aspirations.



In rotating leadership, the partners take turns being in charge. One partner takes over during the software design phase, say, and the other takes over the testing phase. During the time in which one partner is leading, it has complete unilateral control. This is optimal because it makes decisions speedier and more efficient. (This is an advantage rotating leadership shares with domineering leadership.) The fact that the leadership rotates back and forth allows both partners to contribute their expertise at different points in time. The result is a broader more diverse network of minds working together to solve problems. In other words, rotating leadership provides unilateral control to both partners, just at different times.



Another big benefit of rotating leadership is that it widens the pursuit of potential innovations. Different companies naturally have different priorities. Since leadership is shared, each company has an opportunity to single-mindedly pursue its objective and influence the collaboration's trajectory. Different objectives in different phases mean a larger search for innovation. This larger search often yields groundbreaking products and technologies.



Rotating leadership may even explain a puzzle in the computer industry and other interdependent environments. It may explain why some companies like Intel and Microsoft are able to maintain symbiotic relationships over many years. Famously, these partners used their relationship to develop the technologies underlying the Wintel platform. The platform became the industry standard, and allowed them to seize technological leadership from the PC original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) like IBM and Compaq. Taking turns may be necessary to prevent a long-term symbiotic relationship like this from becoming stale or competitive.



Apple's recent announcement has exposed what industry participants have widely known: that while Apple's PR emphasizes the lone wolf genius of the company and its leaders, Apple is actually very collaborative with other companies. (The new relationship with Intel being the most important example.) Rotating leadership may be part of the secret sauce that allows organizations like Apple to release breakthrough products and achieve a competitive advantage.



Jason Davis is an Associate Professor of Technological Innovation, Entrepreneurship, and Strategic Management (TIES) group at the MIT Sloan School of Management.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136451-039ac6935702eb0c0cb221db7c1fb786.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000140172 00000000000 015075  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Death by Dust

The frightening link between the 9-11 toxic cloud and cancer

by Kristen Lombardi

November 28th, 2006 5:22 PM















To date, 75 recovery workers at ground zero have been diagnosed with blood cell cancers that a half-dozen top doctors and epidemiologists have confirmed as having been likely caused by that exposure. Ernie Vallabuona is one of them.

photo: Scott McDermott photo: Scott McDermott



See also:

Believe 9-11 is causing cancer?

An open thread in Power Plays It was October 6, 2004, three years after Ernie Vallebuona's three-month stint as a rescue and recovery worker at ground zero in the wake of the 9-11 terrorist attacks, and he was hunched over and trembling, racked by a pain like nothing he had experienced in his 40 years of sound health. He had just returned to his Rockland County home after finishing the midnight-to-8 a.m. shift in the NYPD vice unit, where he'd reported to work for the last six years. Vallebuona had bought some fish from a street vendor near his office, on the Lower East Side. And as he drove the 35 miles from Manhattan to New City, he chalked up a searing stomachache to food poisoning. Maybe the vendor had filleted that fish with a dirty machete? It was October 6, 2004, three years after Ernie Vallebuona's three-month stint as a rescue and recovery worker at ground zero in the wake of the 9-11 terrorist attacks, and he was hunched over and trembling, racked by a pain like nothing he had experienced in his 40 years of sound health. He had just returned to his Rockland County home after finishing the midnight-to-8 a.m. shift in the NYPD vice unit, where he'd reported to work for the last six years. Vallebuona had bought some fish from a street vendor near his office, on the Lower East Side. And as he drove the 35 miles from Manhattan to New City, he chalked up a searing stomachache to food poisoning. Maybe the vendor had filleted that fish with a dirty machete? By the time he pulled into his driveway, the pain had grown excruciating, too horrible for him to even lie in bed that day. The chills swept over his body; so did the shakes. He called his doctor, who suggested ulcer medication. His mother advised him to forget that diagnosis and consult a specialist instead, but like a lot of young, healthy men, he didn't listen right away. Vallebuona isn't much for complaining; what ailing cop is? But for six months, he had noticed his body betraying him. His toes had reddened; his joints had stiffened. They throbbed in prickly pangs, as if glass shards were wedged underneath his skin. When his own heartbeat began to hurt, he had visited the family doctor, who diagnosed him with gout. He was told to drink cherry juice and take anti-inflammatory medicine. Neither worked. Now as his stomach convulsed, Vallebuona listened to his mother at last. Later that day, he found himself at a gastroenterologist's office in Pomona, lying on a table, watching a nurse poke at his abdomen. She felt a lump and ordered tests. It would take a month to reach a definitive diagnosis of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, a cancer of the lymphoid tissue. Evidently, Vallebuona had developed a golf-ball-sized mass in his abdomen that had grown so fast and so quick that pieces of it were dying and depositing into his blood, causing gout-like symptoms. One week after that, he was at a Manhattan hospital, meeting his oncologist, hearing about the heavy-duty chemotherapy he would have to undergo over the next four months. At the visit, a nurse explained he had an aggressive cancer�a rare stage-three�and asked a battery of questions. Did he ever do modeling with glue?

Did he ever handle insecticides?

Did he ever work with chemicals like benzene? Vallebuona answered no to all the questions. He had led a clean life; before becoming a cop, he'd worked in a bank. Sitting in the examining room with him, Vallebuona's wife, Amy, finally spoke up. "What about 9-11?" she asked. "What about all that smoke and dust?" Only then did Ernie Vallebuona first consider the possibility that the events of September 11 could be the cause of his cancer. This is not the story of rescue and recovery workers at ground zero getting sick with respiratory illnesses from their exposure; you have read those stories, and you have heard those cases. This is the story of 9-11 and cancer. To date, 75 recovery workers on or around what is now known as "the Pile"�the rubble that remained after the World Trade Center towers collapsed on the morning of September 11, 2001�have been diagnosed with blood cell cancers that a half-dozen top doctors and epidemiologists have confirmed as having been likely caused by that exposure. Those 75 cases have come to light in joint-action lawsuits filed against New York City on behalf of at least 8,500 recovery workers who suffer from various forms of lung illnesses and respiratory diseases�and suggest a pattern too distinct to ignore. While some cancers take years, if not decades, to develop, the blood cancers in otherwise healthy and young individuals represent a pattern that experts believe will likely prove to be more than circumstantial. The suits seek to prove that these 8,500 workers�approximately 20 percent of the total estimated recovery force that cleared the rubble from ground zero�all suffer from the debilitating effects of those events. The basis for the suits stems from the plaintiffs' argument that the government�in a desperate attempt to revive downtown in the wake of the catastrophic events on 9-11�failed to protect workers from cancer-causing benzene, dioxin, and other hazardous chemicals that permeated the air for months. Officials made these failures worse by falsely reassuring New Yorkers that they faced no long-term dangers from exposure to the air lingering over ground zero. "We are very encouraged that the results from our monitoring of air-quality and drinking-water conditions in both New York and near the Pentagon show that the public in these areas is not being exposed to excessive levels of asbestos or other harmful substances," Christine Todd Whitman, the then administrator of the EPA, told the citizens of New York City in a press release on September 18�only seven days after the attacks. "Given the scope of the tragedy from last week, I am glad to reassure the people of New York . . . that their air is safe to breathe and the water is safe to drink." Those statements were not only false and misleading, but may even play into the basis for the city's liability for millions of dollars in the recovery workers' lawsuits. Last February, U.S. District Judge Deborah Batts cited Whitman's false statements as the basis for allowing a different class-action lawsuit to proceed�this one, against the EPA and Whitman, is on behalf of residents, office workers, and students from Lower Manhattan and Brooklyn, many of whom suffer from respiratory illnesses as a result of 9-11. "No reasonable person would have thought that telling thousands of people that it was safe to return to Lower Manhattan, while knowing that such return could pose long-term health risks and other dire consequences, was conduct sanctioned by our laws," Batts wrote in her February 2 ruling. "Whitman's deliberate and misleading statements made to the press, where she reassured the public that the air was safe to breathe around Lower Manhattan and Brooklyn, and that there would be no health risk presented to those returning to the areas, shocks the conscience." And that was before anyone knew of the apparent cancer link, first reported in the New York news media in the spring of 2004. Even more shocking is the incidence of cancer and other life-threatening illnesses that have developed among those participating in the recovery workers' lawsuits. Given the fact that some cancers are slower to develop than others, it seems likely to several doctors and epidemiologists that many more reports of cancer and serious lung illnesses will surface in the months and years to come. The fact that 8,500 recovery workers have already banded together to sue, only five years later�with 400 total cancer patients among their number�leads many experts to predict that these figures are likely to grow, meaning a possible death toll in the thousands. In many ways, these illnesses suggest the slow but deteriorating health issues that faced the atomic-bomb survivors of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, where thousands died in the years and decades that followed the United States' use of nuclear weapons. And that similarity has not been lost on David Worby, the 53-year-old attorney leading the joint-action suits on behalf of those workers who are already sick, and even dying. "In the end," Worby declares, "our officials might be responsible for more deaths than Osama bin Laden on 9-11." In the five years since the attacks, much of the focus on the 9-11 health crisis has missed a broader question, the one that every ground zero worker fears most and the one that Ernie Vallebuona has already had to ponder: What about cancer? What if all that pulverized concrete and ground glass and caustic mist that Vallebuona inhaled while on the Pile didn't attack his lungs but instead went straight for his lymph nodes? Could this noxious mix have caused his lymphoma? No one has done a comprehensive study of the health consequences on the estimated 40,000 rescue and recovery workers who raced to ground zero after the attacks. A study by Mount Sinai Medical Center�one that received widespread media attention two months ago�released statistics on the five-year anniversary of 9-11 that focused almost exclusively on respiratory problems and bypassed any mention of cancer today. But David Worby has tracked the cancer patients among his growing client base for the last two years. Here are the latest tallies: Of the 8,500 people now suing the city, 400, or about 5 percent, have cancer. The biggest group by far consists of people like Vallebuona, who have blood cell cancers. Seventy-five clients suffer from lymphoma, leukemia, multiple myeloma, and other blood cell cancers; most are men, aged 30 to 60, who appeared in perfect health just five years ago. The field of cancer research is not known for consensus. But six prominent specialists on cancer and the link to toxins�on the faculty of the nation's top medical schools and public health institutions�all come to the same conclusions when told these statistics. They are Richard Clapp and David Ozonoff, professors of environmental health at Boston University School of Public Health; Michael Thun, director of epidemiological research at the American Cancer Society; Francine Laden, assistant professor of environmental epidemiology at Harvard School of Public Health; Jonathan Samet, chairman of the epidemiology department at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health; and Charles Hesdorffer, associate professor of oncology at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. These doctors and epidemiologists agree that the incidence of cancer among this subset of workers sounds shockingly high, that they cannot and should not be dismissed as coincidence, and that the toxic dust cloud that hung over downtown Manhattan, and particularly the Pile, likely caused or promoted the diseases. Some even went so far as to say that the blood cancer cases, especially, indicate what could become a wave of cancer cases stemming from 9-11 over the next decades. "Those numbers seem quite outrageous," is how Hesdorffer puts it. Now at Johns Hopkins, Hesdorffer directed until last year the tumor immunotherapy program at Columbia University Medical Center, where he treated two recovery workers who got cancer post�9-11. He notes that the average healthy adult person has a 20 percent risk of having cancer over a lifetime. Calculate that risk over five years�the time frame from the events of 9-11 until today�and it drops to about 1 percent. Yet 5 percent of the suits' workers�1 percent of the overall worker population�have already been diagnosed with malignancies. And these patients don't include the thousands whose illnesses have yet to be recorded because they aren't participating in the lawsuits or in the World Trade Center medical-monitoring programs. What the experts find most telling are the types of cancer now emerging. They say the blood cancer cases seem too disproportionate to be random. Two percent of these workers have been diagnosed with what amounts to related diseases, none of which fall into the "high-frequency" category, which includes prostate cancer. One out of 9,000 people nationwide gets lymphoma a year; for myeloma, it's one out of 30,000. By contrast, the 75 blood cancer patients translate into several dozen new cases a year. "That's not just a fluke," says Ozonoff, who studies cancer clusters and toxic waste sites. Samet, a worldwide expert on smoking and cancer, notes that when so many cases of related cancers emerge, it can signal a forming cluster. "It sounds like an impressive cluster of cancer cases, and I would want to study it," he says. To be sure, the experts advise caution until more evidence is collected. They acknowledge that the data needed to draw a definite link between 9-11 and cancer don't exist. None of the cancers emerging now are the kinds that come only from toxic exposures�like, say, asbestosis, which is caused by asbestos and can take two decades to grow. This sentinel cancer would go a long way toward proving a 9-11 connection. Absent that, scientists would want to determine whether a higher proportion of cancer patients exists among the workers than in the general public. But because there are no independent data on the 40,000-strong group, they can't make this calculation yet. Meanwhile, the latency periods for most cancers from the time of a full-blown carcinogenic exposure to a full-blown malignancy can take years, if not decades. Says Thun, of the American Cancer Society: "It is the exception rather than the rule to have cancers develop this quickly." Despite the lack of definitive data, we may still be in the midst of a cancer epidemic. Indeed, according to these experts, traditional data don't help much here because 9-11 represents such a singular exposure. No one can deny that the workers were exposed to a blend of pulverized and aerosolized toxins that had never existed in any occupational setting before. And this mix of toxins alone is enough to cause more aggressive cancers. "It's also enough to throw out prescriptions on timing," Hesdorffer adds. Back in May 2004, before most doctors even contemplated a 9-11 link to cancer, Hesdorffer provided testimony to the federal government's September 11 Victim Compensation Fund on behalf of one police officer who had developed pancreatic cancer within a year after his recovery stint. Hesdorffer finds it odd that two of his patients had been diagnosed with the rare cancer after working on the Pile. "It's strange to have two people who were subjected to the same exposure," he says, "developing the same cancer in the same time frame." Now that he has learned of Worby's statistics, he is convinced that "there is definitely more than a likely link between the 9-11 exposures and cancer." Francine Laden, who specializes in air pollution and cancer, agrees. Because so many of Worby's clients have blood cancers�which have faster incubation periods than tumor cancers, forming in as little as five years�Laden confirms that it's not a stretch to attribute their diseases to the dust cloud. "Blood cancers are different," she says, noting the tie between benzene and leukemia, as well as dioxin and lymphoma. "It's not beyond the realm of feasibility that these chemicals caused these cancers." Ozonoff puts it more firmly: "For an acute episode like this, it's definitely possible these blood cancers were caused by 9-11." Ozonoff echoes all five of his colleagues when he draws parallels between the aftermath of 9-11 and that of another massive exposure: the atomic-bombs dropped on Japan. Bomb survivors experienced excessive spikes in leukemia rates within the first five years, a surprising discovery for epidemiologists in the mid 20th century. While this outbreak resulted from radiation, both it and 9-11 involved a sudden and intense blast of carcinogens. For bomb survivors, leukemia appeared first, followed by breast and lung cancer. "That could happen with 9-11," says Samet, the Johns Hopkins epidemiology department chair. "It might be what we're seeing today." It's also possible that the carcinogens in the Trade Center dust accelerated cancers already dormant or developing in the recovery workers, epidemiologists say. According to Richard Clapp, who directed the Massachusetts Cancer Registry from 1980 to 1989, toxins can not only instigate the genes that cause cancerous cells to divide, but also hasten their dividing. That means that a person with an undetected cancer will develop it faster and in a more virulent manner. He calls this the "promotional effect" and says some toxins associated with 9-11 have been known to speed up lymphomas and leukemias. "The promotional effect could have happened already," he says. Either way, Clapp adds, "It's hard not to attribute these cancers to 9-11." His gut, he says, is telling him one thing: "We'll be seeing a cancer explosion from 9-11, and we're starting to see it today."

A nurse would ask John Walcott about possible causes of his acute myelogenous leukemia. Like Vallebuona, Walcott answered no to all the questions. And like Vallebuona, he didn't connect the dots between his time at ground zero and the cancer growing in his body.

photo: Scott McDermott At 8:30 on the morning of the terrorist attacks, Ernie Vallebuona was driving with his three-year-old son, also named Ernie, to a nearby Home Depot in search of the perfect paint color for the family bathroom. Vallebuona always listens to 1010 WINS in the car, so he turned on the radio. He soon heard the incredible news that a plane had crashed into one of the twin towers. Instantly, he got the call to respond. "We're all mobilizing," his NYPD supervisor told him via cell phone. "Get to work as fast as you can." Over in Pomona, some 36 miles away from Manhattan, 37-year-old NYPD detective John Walcott was at his suburban home, killing time before a midnight tour on the narcotics unit, where he'd worked for a dozen years. He was relaxing on the couch when a friend from St. Louis called. "What the hell is going on in New York?" the friend asked, incredulously. Walcott had no idea what his friend meant. He flipped on the TV, only to see flames raging from the twin towers. Minutes later, he was behind the wheel of his minivan, speeding down the highway toward the World Trade Center. Some 200 miles southeast of the Trade Center site, 49-year-old Gary Acker was working in a bomb shelter dubbed the "earth station," an undisclosed location where AT&T; keeps its large satellite dishes. At the time, Acker was managing the company's disaster recovery team, which restores critical communications after catastrophes. He had long viewed the post as the crowning achievement in his 31-year career, one that suited his desire to make a difference. When the first plane hit the north tower, he was sitting in an equipment room, four floors below ground, running emergency drills. No one had turned on the TV, so he remained oblivious to the events unfolding in Manhattan. His wife, Alison, called him. "Look at the TV," she said, just as the second plane hit the south tower. Acker knew that New York City officials would be calling AT&T; for help. "Pack up your equipment," he heard his wife say, "and get ready to ride." Back in Manhattan, Jessy McCarthy was not about to roll anywhere. The Verizon field technician was sitting in his office on East 91st Street, listening to the news on the radio, when he heard about the planes hitting the towers. He froze in place, unable to pull himself away from the broadcast for hours that day. Only that afternoon did he manage to go to a nearby work site to repair phone lines. Sitting in his truck, he stared in disbelief at all the people doused in gray dust walking up Third Avenue from downtown. His eyes locked on the caravan of people who'd been caught in that cloud. By the time McCarthy was taking in this ghostly scene, Vallebuona and Walcott had joined thousands of first responders at the World Trade Center. Both arrived at the site shortly after the 110-story twin towers came crashing down, and they spent the next 15 hours sifting through the wreckage. Racing to the scene from the Seventh Precinct, on Pitt Street, Vallebuona encountered a giant cloud of dust and smoke so hazy and dense, he couldn't see his hand in front of his face. He circled the periphery of what he thought was the scene, following the blaring sirens and running past pumper trucks and police cruisers twisted up like discarded tin cans. The dust caked his eyes and coated his lips. It filled his nostrils with a horrible smell, like burned plastic and flesh. Vallebuona happened to have a bandanna in his pants pocket, which he wrapped across his face. It did little to ward off the rancid odor. Walcott was also experiencing the noxious effects of the chemical brew. While the massive cloud had dissipated, the crystalline particles hung in the air like speckles in a snow globe. He waded though mounds of pulverized dust, knee-deep, tasting it on his lips, spitting it out of his mouth. Without a mask, he was coughing immediately. First came the black mucus and ashen chunks, then the dry heaves and blood. For hours, he wiped away dark gunk dripping from his eyes. He couldn't help but think that something was wrong. But he focused on the mission at hand, on the faint hope of discovering survivors. That day, he stepped over the only human body that he would find intact�a female, burned beyond recognition, a charred bra over her face. Acker arrived on the scene 24 hours later, after driving with 11 team members up the East Coast in a company trailer equipped with satellite transmission consoles and multiplex cables. He would spend the next 33 days in and around ground zero�first setting up a satellite at 1 Police Plaza, then manning phone lines across the street from what came to be known as the Pile. The plume enveloped the area from the moment he set foot there until he left. Many nights, he'd oversee the satellite atop 1 Police Plaza, just east of ground zero, and watch as the prevailing winds subsided and the bright-blue smoke settled in. It hung so heavily on the city that he couldn't see the guards stationed across the street. In these early days, Acker, Vallebuona, and Walcott all struggled to protect themselves from the toxic dust. The foul odor clogged the air for the three months that Vallebuona ended up working at the site�first on the Pile, hauling rubble with buckets, then around the perimeter, providing security and escorting residents to their dust-laden homes. When he and Walcott searched the rubble as part of the initial bucket brigade, they wore nothing over their faces but surgical masks. Respirator masks came weeks into their months-long recovery work; sometimes they came with the wrong filters. Because Walcott was a detective, he ended up spending his five-month stint not just at ground zero, but also at Fresh Kills. As much as he choked on the Lower Manhattan air, he dreaded the Staten Island landfill. Walcott knew everything in the towers had fallen�desks, lights, computers. But apart from the occasional steel beam, the detritus that he sifted through there consisted of tiny grains of dust�no furniture pieces, no light fixtures, not even a computer mouse. At times, the detectives would take shelter in wooden sheds, in an attempt to get away from what Walcott likes to call "all that freaking bad air." One day, he was sitting in the shed with his colleagues, eating candy bars and drinking sodas, when some FBI agents entered. They were dressed in full haz-mat suits, complete with head masks, which they had sealed shut with duct tape to ward off the fumes. As Walcott took in the scene, contrasting the well-protected FBI agents with the New York cops wearing respirator masks, one thought entered his mind: What is wrong with this picture? The same thought would cross Acker's mind only fleetingly, and only after weeks of working near ground zero, while he was hacking so hard he vomited something akin to chewed-up licorice. During his first days at the site, he wore the painter's mask that an NYPD lieutenant had given him, but it soon became too filthy from debris. By October, he was spitting up so much gunk that he called his doctor for an antibiotics prescription. But he wouldn't leave the site; when the fumes got bad, he'd sit in the company trailer and flip on the air conditioner. That had a filter, at least. AT&T; had stocked its disaster trailers with almost everything�rubber boots, hard hats, rope, a first aid kit. Funny, Acker thought, staring at the shelves. All this stuff, yet no one had ever considered respirators. , Acker thought, staring at the shelves. Around this time, McCarthy was just beginning to report for recovery duty. When Verizon asked for volunteers to restore phone lines near ground zero, he didn't hesitate. He arrived for his first assignment in early October and wound up staying downtown for the next 13 months, going from basement to basement, moving from Wall Street skyscrapers to Chinatown walk-ups. The first thing he saw in the company terminals was the Trade Center dust, piled on top of consoles, crammed into corners. He had to wipe down the equipment with his bare hands to see the wires. The dust had an orange hue; at times, it twinkled. And it always stunk, an unforgettable smell he struggled to get past every time. Invariably, he'd find it in his hair, on his eyelashes, in his tool belt, even under his fingernails. Sometimes, he'd gaze at the ceiling and get the sense of standing in the middle of a meadow thick with pollen. He could see the soot and dust floating in the air. When it occurred to these responders that they might be sacrificing their health for the sake of the cleanup�as it did to anyone who came in contact with the foul-smelling smoke and dust�they took comfort in the official word at the time. In the immediate aftermath of 9-11, the EPA issued multiple statements on the air quality downtown. All were reassuring in nature. On September 18, the day after the New York Stock Exchange reopened for business, the EPA's Whitman said the air was safe to breathe. It has turned out those words were, in fact, false. In August 2003, the EPA inspector general issued a scathing 155-page report concluding that the agency hadn't had the data to make such blanket declarations at that time. By then, more than a quarter of EPA samples showed unsafe levels of asbestos, and the agency had yet to complete tests for mercury, cadmium, lead, dioxin, and PCBs. The inspector general's report went on to disclose another disconcerting fact�that the White House had pressured the EPA to sanitize its warnings about ground zero. The inspector general revealed that the White House Council on Environmental Quality had taken a red pen to the agency's press releases, adding reassuring statements and deleting cautionary ones, creating the overly rosy picture that the air was clean. In reality, the 9-11 fallout was like nothing anyone had been exposed to before. Everything in the towers had been ground into dust�concrete, steel, glass, insulation, plastic, and computers. Dust analyses would detect glass shards, cement particles, cellulose fibers, asbestos, and a mixture of harmful components, including lead, titanium, barium, and gypsum. In all, the dust contained more than 100 different compounds, some of which have never been identified. And then there were the fires that smoldered for three months. They gave off not only the putrid plume, but also a blast of carcinogens�asbestos, dioxin, and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, or PAHs. They also emitted benzene. In one disturbing analysis done by the U.S. Geological Survey, the dust had such high alkalinity levels it rivaled liquid Drano. Thomas Cahill, a physicist who sent a team to analyze the plume from a rooftop a mile away from ground zero, says he got worried once he noticed the color of the smoke had turned a fluorescent blue. That's a sure sign that ultra-fine particles (which can go deep into the lungs and enter the bloodstream) were coming off the Pile and permeating the air. When his team tested the plume, the scientists found higher levels of sulfuric acid, heavy metals, and other insoluble materials than anywhere else in the world, even in the Kuwaiti oil fields. "Not nice stuff," says Cahill, a professor emeritus of physics at the University of California at Davis, who has published three papers on the 9-11 plume, "and it was all being liberated by that smoldering pile, so those people got the full force of it." Today, Cahill is trying to identify what exactly the recovery workers were inhaling, but the data are incomplete. He does know one thing for certain: "You'd have to stand by a busy highway for eight years to get what these people on the site got in just four weeks." He then adds, "These poor people are part of an enormous experiment, I think." In May 2003, John Walcott was 39 years old. He had just become a first-time father�of his daughter, Colleen�and had proudly coached a Bedford high school hockey team to the state regionals. That spring, he had noticed his energy fade. But he figured his 16-hour days juggling the narcotics beat, hockey practice, and parenthood were finally catching up to him. Still, the fatigue would consume him for weeks. He'd fall asleep at his desk or behind the wheel. Often he'd nod off in the middle of a conversation. Then he got the diagnosis: acute myelogenous leukemia, a white-blood-cell cancer. He was ordered straight to the hospital, where he underwent chemotherapy for the next 28 days. Eventually, a nurse would ask Walcott questions similar to those put to Valle-buona, the ones meant to pinpoint the possible causes for his cancer. Like Vallebuona, Walcott answered no to all the questions. And like Vallebuona, he didn't connect the dots between his time at ground zero and the cancer growing in his body. Visiting him in the hospital later, his sister, Debbie, did. "John," she said, "what the hell do you think you were around at ground zero?" It was a question that Gary Acker would also have to confront that summer, in a visit to his own doctor's office. The AT&T; manager had never shaken that World Trade Center cough, struggling with sore throats and lung infections for 18 months after completing his recovery work, suffering through all kinds of inhalers and antibiotic regimens. At one point, his doctor diagnosed him with sleep apnea and ordered him to wear a pilot-like mask strapped over his face at night, so as to reduce his roaring snores. It didn't work. A perennial optimist, Acker ignored any hint that his health problems were 9-11 related. In September 2002, he got the first warning that his health was deteriorating from exposure to the dust cloud when he underwent a pulmonary test for the company. He was stunned by the doctor's response. "How many packs of cigarettes do you smoke a day?" the doctor asked Acker. "I don't smoke. I never have in my life." "Well, you have a real breathing problem," the doctor informed him. His second warning came in the summer of 2003, as Walcott was getting chemotherapy. In August, Acker was landscaping the backyard at his home, in Columbus, New Jersey, carrying two 50-pound buckets of stones, when his body buckled under a jolt of pain. It felt as if somebody had jabbed a fishhook into his rib cage and was slowly gutting him. He allowed for the possibility of a kidney stone and paid a trip to the doctor. Days later, he got a diagnosis that would stop his heart cold: multiple myeloma, a plasma cell cancer. Already, the super- advanced cancer had eaten its way through the bone marrow in his ribs, as well as many other bones in his body. For a fleeting moment, Acker thought about that thick and foul plume hanging over the Pile; could it have caused his cancer? But his optimism flooded back and he focused on his treatment instead�on the chemotherapy pills that he would take twice a day for the next 28 days. Only days later, after his oncologist confirmed that his myeloma likely formed in the last two years, did he finally make the tie-in to 9-11. By the spring of 2004, Acker and Walcott had endured not only months of chemotherapy, but also stem cell transplants. They experienced a series of life-threatening infections and trips in and out of the hospital before beating their cancers into remission.

For a fleeting moment, Gary Acker thought about that thick and foul plume hanging over the Pile; could it have caused his multiple myeloma?

photo: Scott McDermott Meanwhile, Vallebuona had just begun noticing gout-like symptoms. They started in his big toes, which doubled in size and became hot to the touch, and then moved to his knees, joints, and chest. For six months, he went back and forth to the doctor, getting more medicine, seeking more remedies. He wouldn't doubt that diagnosis until October 2004, when the searing stomachache tipped him off to what had really been causing pain in his abdomen. When he got the cancer diagnosis, Valle-buona was relieved about one thing. His doctor had been wrong about the gout. If nothing else, at least he wouldn't have to live with that excruciating pain for the rest of his life. As Vallebuona was coming to grips with his cancer in the fall of 2004, Jessy McCarthy was still feeling healthy. The Verizon technician had managed to evade the kinds of respiratory problems that have afflicted so many ground zero workers�the cough, the sinusitis, the asthma�in the two years since his recovery assignment had ended. He would experience nothing to suggest the grave disease that would sneak up on him. At least not until one day in October 2004, while taking a shower, when he saw a swelling around the glands under his arm, about the size of a marble. He thought: This is not right.

In March 2005, after a biopsy of one of his lymph nodes, Jessy McCarthy finally was given the definitive diagnosis of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. By then, the recovery workers' lawsuits had been more than a year in the making.

photo: Scott McDermott But McCarthy didn't feel sick; there were no dizzy spells or nausea. A trip to the family doctor to ask about the lump yielded little information, just something questionable about his blood. So McCarthy plodded on with his life, holding down his full-time job, taking care of his teenage son. Suddenly, within weeks, he noticed the lump had grown, and more had developed. His lymph nodes swelled all over his body, underneath his arms, in his groin, around his neck and chest. The lumps just seemed to sprout; they grew so big that they looked like mini-baseballs. Suddenly, McCarthy found himself undergoing a battery of medical exams�CAT scans, PET scans, blood tests, and anything else that would help narrow down the possibilities. It took six months to rule out every type of lymphatic infection. In March 2005, after a biopsy of one of his lymph nodes, McCarthy finally was given the definitive diagnosis of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. By then, the recovery workers' lawsuits had been more than a year in the making. Back in the winter of 2004, Walcott had just survived the worst of his hospital stays, a 17-day stretch of 106-degree fevers, and was confined to his home. Months had passed since he learned that his leukemia likely resulted from his exposure to benzene while on the Pile, but he went in search of legal advice. He started with a lawyer friend, who encouraged him to keep looking. One attorney offered to take Walcott's case, as long as he put up his modest house to cover the fees. "Forget it," he said. Eventually, parents of the kids on his high school hockey team heard about his plight. During a visit, Walcott told some parents about his fruitless search. They had an idea. They could contact a trial lawyer whose son went to the same high school; his name was David Worby. "I took the case as a favor," the lead attorney in the recovery workers' lawsuits says, sitting in his spacious penthouse office in White Plains. A trim man whose brown hair is graying at the temples, David Worby exudes confidence as he reclines in his chair and recalls the early days of what has become his greatest legal crusade. Long before the 9-11 suits, he had built a reputation as a gladiator lawyer on personal-injury cases; in 1989, he set a Westchester record by winning $18 million for a construction worker run down by a car. Fifteen years later, he was settling into early retirement when one of the Bedford parents told him about the ailing Walcott. "What was I supposed to do?" Worby asks. What started out as a case for one sick recovery worker quickly snowballed. Today, a team of 20 attorneys at his firm of Worby Groner Edelman Napoli & Bern is handling the suits, filed in U.S. District Court in Manhattan, for the thousands of workers associated with the Trade Center cleanup�police officers, firefighters, sanitation workers, iron workers, and Latino day workers. Last month, Federal District Judge Alvin Hellerstein rejected the city's claim for immunity in the Worby lawsuits and recently capped its liability at $1 billion. The judge is expected to appoint a special master to settle the workers' claims. Worby's client list continues to grow. It now includes Vallebuona, Acker, and McCarthy, all of whom came to him after he filed the first suits in September 2004. They found out about him as most of his clients do�by word of mouth, one sick recovery worker to another, one worried spouse to another. Others have called him after hearing about the cases on TV or the radio or in the papers. Most of the clients have grown ill from respiratory problems like asthma, sinusitis, and bronchitis. But some have kidney failure, and 400 people have developed cancer. So far, 83 clients have died. The number of cancer patients has multiplied at a rate that Worby says he never anticipated. Back in 2004, he represented only 20 workers who had cancer. But by last March, he had watched that number soar to 200, and within six months after that, it had doubled. Now he gets at least several calls a week from clients who have just been diagnosed with some cancer. Or from new clients who have had the cancer for weeks or months. Like many trial lawyers, Worby has a penchant for talking in fervent, breathless tones, as though his words were writ large, in bright, blinking letters. Convinced that the 9-11 fallout has made for a cancer explosion, he doesn't hesitate to say so. "There is going to be a cancer catastrophe the likes of which we've never seen in this country," he says. "The numbers are going to be staggering." Perhaps it'd be easy to dismiss him as another hot-aired plaintiffs' attorney were it not for his own command of numbers. He has become something of a gumshoe epidemiologist, compiling the data on his cancer patients that are lacking in the larger worker population, tracking their diseases, ages, diagnosis dates, and their 9-11 exposures. "Look at the cancers my clients have," he says, flipping through a dozen pages of a document entitled "Seriously Ill Clients." It's updated every month; this one is dated September 13, 2006. The document outlines what he calls his "cancer clusters" and lists rare cancers often associated with the 9-11 toxins, such as thyroid (30 people), tongue and throat (25), testicular (16), and brain (10). He keeps a separate document on the 75 people with blood cancers. Two dozen of them have various forms of leukemia; the remaining four dozen have various forms of lymphoma, multiple myeloma, and other blood cell cancers. "If I had two blood cancers, it'd be a strong coincidence," Worby argues. "But 70? That defies coincidence. The word coincidence should not be in anyone's vocabulary." Worby contends that it wasn't just the unprecedented amount of toxins in the air that caused his clients to develop cancer; it was that the toxins worked together. Worby calls it a "synergistic effect," and cancer specialists say there is such a thing as toxic synergy, which occurs when chemicals combine. They can enhance the damage that the other ones would cause. Think of it this way: The benzene at ground zero may have caused Walcott's acute leukemia; the dioxin probably sped up its development. "This amount of toxicological exposure is going to speed up normal latency periods," Worby argues. He makes this assertion with the same zeal that he exhibits in the courtroom, citing medical studies on animals, rattling off the findings as if they were second nature. Why would the doctors monitoring the effects of 9-11 on people's health not understand this connection, he wonders. "Why would people not make this link?" Five years after September 11, there's no doubt that the toxic dust cloud has devastated the lungs of those who participated in the Trade Center cleanup. In September, the Mount Sinai Medical Center released data from its WTC Worker and Volunteer Medical Screening Program, which has tested 17,500 recovery workers to date. In that analysis, doctors found that nearly 70 percent of the 9,500 subjects they surveyed experienced new or worsened respiratory symptoms at ground zero; close to 60 percent saw those symptoms persist for years. Doctors have seen chronic sinusitis, laryngitis, asthma, gastroesophageal reflux disorder, and disabling musculoskeletal conditions. Even the famous World Trade Center cough has lasted much longer than anticipated. "All of us have been badly surprised by the persistence and the chronicity of the World Trade Center diseases," says Robin Herbert, the director of the screening program. But at the Mount Sinai program (and at the WTC program of the FDNY, which declined to comment for this article), the link between the dust cloud and cancer is discussed more as a possibility than a reality. It's not that doctors aren't extremely concerned about the connection, Herbert says, given the cancer-causing agents and other toxins in the mix. While individual cancer cases may be attributed to 9-11 toxins, she says, the doctors, so far, lack full epidemiological proof linking the two. "We don't know if we're seeing a spike in cancer rates," Herbert says, as they have in the rates of respiratory illnesses. Herbert confirms that the Mount Sinai doctors have seen some workers with cancer, including unusual cancers, but says they'd expect some workers to develop malignancies over the last five years anyway. Is there more incidence of cancer among Pile workers than among those who didn't toil on the Pile? "That's the key question," she says. The Mount Sinai epidemiologists have just begun to try to answer that by launching an initiative to update medical records, document new diagnoses, and track less-com mon diseases like cancer. It's a slow process, with no timeline. Still, she says, "We are now aggressively investigating every case of cancer that has been reported to us." But the WTC programs�funded by the federal government�have their share of critics, who wonder how interested the doctors are in the 9-11 and cancer issue. Al O'Leary, the spokesperson for the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association, says that many of its members feel as if the doctors are ignoring the signs of a growing cancer cluster. "It was our impression that no one in the medical-monitoring programs believed the cancers could be happening this early," he explains. Over the past year, the police union has fielded a steady increase in calls from members who have developed cancer since working at ground zero. Last July, the PBA started its own World Trade Center health registry for its members, listing seven cancer cases at the time. Today, there are 20 cases; they include the 35-year-old who worked on the Pile and at Fresh Kills and now has multiple myeloma, the 45-year-old who surveyed the Trade Center site for two years and now has leukemia, and the 41-year-old who manned the landfill morgue for three weeks and now has myeloma. "Now, don't you think this is all very suspicious?" O'Leary asks. "The medical community needs to be more open-minded about what diseases can be caused by 9-11." Some cancer specialists agree. Hesdorffer, of Johns Hopkins, still remembers the reaction to his testimony before the Victim Compensation Fund, back in 2004. He was called back about a half-dozen times to explain why he would attribute the pancreatic cancer in his two patients to the dust cloud so soon after 9-11. It was as if no one wanted to make the connection; one patient lost his claim despite the doctor's opinion. "We're in this period where no one wants to accept the link," Hesdorffer observes. Maybe the official denial stems from economics, from a desire to limit the amount of money owed to the thousands who have lost their health. Or maybe it has to do with politics. Admitting a link, as he points out, "would mean that the fallout from 9-11 was a lot bigger than we'd thought." What it would mean is that people got cancer from government decisions. From the decision of Whitman to lie about the air quality in Lower Manhattan, which gave the recovery workers and many other New Yorkers a false sense of security. From the decision of the White House to put Wall Street ahead of public health, which the EPA inspector general found had influenced all those rosy statements. And from the decision to let workers toil without proper respirators for weeks, or without any respirators at all. For Gary Acker, now 54 and still undergoing monthly chemical drips to heal his bones, gone are the annual trips hunting for caribou in Canada and fishing for trout in the Adirondacks. Those years in the late '90s when he threw the javelin and shot put in the New York version of the Olympics seem like an adolescent memory. No longer working at AT&T;, he devotes his time to trying to relax, watching mindless sitcoms on TV, anything to make himself laugh. "If I'm laughing, I'm not stressed," he says. His doctors tell him that no stress means less chance of a cancer relapse. Last year, Jessy McCarthy, now 48, had to work through his chemotherapy treatment, juggling the 72-hour drips with his job and his son for six months. He didn't have much choice; otherwise he'd lose his medical benefits. He could never afford the medical bills on his $65,000 salary; some of his medications cost $5,000 a dose. Now in remission, he continues to fix phone lines, though he knows the day will come when he can't anymore. Already, he has had to call for help on assignments he used to do alone. He also knows, in the back of his mind, that his cancer is the kind that will likely return, and possibly kill him. Walcott and Vallebuona, both retired from the force because of their cancer, continue to live with the side effects of their treatments�the lost feeling in their hands and feet and the extreme fatigue. While Vallebuona has undergone chemotherapy, radiation, and a stem cell transplant, he still hasn't been able to beat his lymphoma into remission. They also grapple with what they both like to call "chemo brain." The drugs left Walcott, now 42, too incoherent to witness or recall the first time his daughter learned to walk or talk. For Vallebuona, now 41, the littler things seem to escape him, like the weekend plans his wife mentioned earlier in the day. But even their foggy minds have not erased the memories of two planes hitting the World Trade Center on that sunny September morning, when they had woken up healthy and happy to be alive. send a letter to the editor go to next article in news ->



More by Kristen Lombardi The Squatter

Daniel Peckham won't leave his Chelsea apartment�not even for the $800 one-bedroom on West 69th Street his landlord offered to get him out. Is he crazy?



Some Kids Left Behind

Stuyvesant alums finally join the fight for 9-11 health benefits



Stump the Trump

The Donald crows about a big tower for Soho. Activists would like to shut him up.



Trouble in Store

Workers at a Brooklyn grocery say they're not paid fairly, if at all.



Silence of the Lam

Accused of sexually abusing young boys, a Brooklyn rabbi lit for Israel 22 years ago. Now one alleged victim wants him brought back for trial.



Daniel Peckham won't leave his Chelsea apartment�not even for the $800 one-bedroom on West 69th Street his landlord offered to get him out. Is he crazy?Stuyvesant alums finally join the fight for 9-11 health benefitsThe Donald crows about a big tower for Soho. Activists would like to shut him up.Workers at a Brooklyn grocery say they're not paid fairly, if at all.Accused of sexually abusing young boys, a Brooklyn rabbi lit for Israel 22 years ago. Now one alleged victim wants him brought back for trial. ..

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136231-a1cb6f9ba9123b9de6c5d24f1afd816b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002344 00000000000 015402  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Press Release

Once upon a time, the Thunderbolts were the Masters of Evil, villains posing as heroes. Two decades later, their leader has returned…and Baron Zemo will reclaim the legacy of the Thunderbolts – with the infinite power of the cosmic cube! This February, Marvel celebrates the history of the Thunderbolts in THUNDERBOLTS #10 – a can’t-miss, oversized 20th anniversary issue! Kicking off the brand-new “Return of the Masters” story arc – creators Jim Zub and Jon Malin put Baron Zemo back on the board! And he’s coming to reclaim what’s his – the Thunderbolts themselves! What will the Winter Soldier have to say about that? As Zemo seeks to attain power over Kobik, the sentient Cosmic Cube, how does that factor into Captain America’s sinister plans?

But that’s not all! This oversized issue also features a special tale reuniting original Thunderbolts creative team Kurt Busiek and Mark Bagley! Witness the return of fan-favorite character Jolt in their first Thunderbolts story together in over 15 years! “Return of the Masters” begins on February 22nd in THUNDERBOLTS #10!

THUNDERBOLTS #10

Written by JIM ZUB & KURT BUSIEK

Art by JON MALIN & MARK BAGLEY

Cover by JON MALIN

Variant Cover by MARK BAGLEY                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0136501-4969240ad2ffa2af0a5d690e04dd7c52.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004465 00000000000 015165  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A day after being fired by President Trump, FBI Director James Comey wrote an email to the bureau explaining that he is "not going to spend time" thinking about the decision to fire him or how it was executed.

"I will be fine," Comey assured his former staffers.

CBS News obtained a copy of the email, which wasn't sent by Comey himself but was forwarded by someone within the bureau. The email's existence was first reported by CNN.

What does Comey's firing mean for the FBI?

Comey wrote that he has "long believed the president can fire an FBI Director for any reason or for no reason at all" and said he will not question that decision -- and he hopes no one else will.

"I have said to you before that, in times of turbulence, the American people should see the FBI as a rock of competence, honesty and independence," the email read. "What makes leaving the FBI hard is the nature and quality of its people, who together make it that rock for America."

Comey wrote that "working with you has been one of the great joys of my life."

Several FBI employees and agents told CBS News they were touched by what they took as the very personal nature of the farewell email, especially after the abrupt announcement of his dismissal on Tuesday.

After Comey's dramatic firing, current and former FBI agents and employees told CBS News they were shocked by the decision.

"I am not happy. I think this is bulls--," one current special agent told CBS News. "We are living in partisan times. Both sides criticized the director; that's why he should still be in the job. The vast majority of the bureau is in favor of director Comey."

White House: Comey "politicized' the role of FBI Director, leading to firing

Agents and employees told CBS News that they take issue with White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders' comments that Comey had lost the confidence of the bureau.

The White House said Wednesday that Comey had been fired because Mr. Trump had lost confidence in him. But many have questioned the timing, since the FBI is leading the investigation into ties between the Trump White House and Russia.

Sources tell CBS News that just last week, Comey asked Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein for more resources for the FBI's Russia investigation, something the Justice Department denies.

CBS News' Andres Triay contributed to this report.                                                                                                                                                                                                           0136598-0bfad6f397d75c15a9a0f6b00d6c5bad.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006333 00000000000 015416  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The problem for the companies, it's worth emphasizing, is not that they were so unduly eager to cooperate with U.S. government surveillance. Many seem to have done what they could to resist. The problem is what the U.S. government -- first under Bush and Cheney, now under Obama and Biden -- asked them to do. As long as they operate in U.S. territory and under U.S. laws, companies like Google or Facebook had no choice but to comply. But people around the world who have a choice about where to store their data, may understandably choose to avoid leaving it with companies subject to the way America now defines its security interests.

Here's Naughton's version of the implications:

The first is that the days of the internet as a truly global network are numbered. It was always a possibility that the system would eventually be Balkanised, ie divided into a number of geographical or jurisdiction-determined subnets as societies such as China, Russia, Iran and other Islamic states decided that they needed to control how their citizens communicated. Now, Balkanisation is a certainty....

Second, the issue of internet governance is about to become very contentious. Given what we now know about how the US and its satraps have been abusing their privileged position in the global infrastructure, the idea that the western powers can be allowed to continue to control it has become untenable.... Nothing, but nothing, that is stored in their [ie, US-based companies] "cloud" services can be guaranteed to be safe from surveillance or from illicit downloading by employees of the consultancies employed by the NSA.

The real threat from terrorism has never been the damage it does directly, even through attacks as horrific as those on 9/11. The more serious threat comes from the over-reaction, the collective insanity or the simple loss of perspective, that an attack evokes. Our government's ambition to do everything possible to keep us "safe" has put us at jeopardy in other ways.

One more note: it is also worth emphasizing that this damage was not done by Edward Snowden, except in an incidental and instrumental sense. The damage comes from the policies themselves, just as the lasting damage from Abu Ghraib came not from the leaked photos but from the abuse they portrayed.

What governments do eventually becomes known. Eventual disclosure is likely when a program involves even a handful of people. (Latest case in point: Seal Team Six.) It is certain when an effort stretches over many years, entails contracts worth billions of dollars, and requires the efforts of tens of thousands of people -- any one of whom, as we've seen from Snowden, may at any point decide to tell what he knows.

In launching such an effort, a government must assume as a given that what it is doing will become known, and then calculate whether it will still seem "worthwhile" when it does. Based on what we've seen so far, Prism would have failed that test.

____

* Of course the "trust" comes with the caveat that the companies have been piling up this data for their own commercial, ad-targeting, data-mining purposes. But that's a known risk, more or less. The demands placed on the companies by the U.S. government are, for the public at large, the main news of the Snowden revelations.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136621-d723a56e08d6aa4a0c5436c35625093d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015547 00000000000 014750  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.

Feb. 9, 2015, 11:55 PM GMT / Updated Feb. 10, 2015, 3:29 AM GMT

Delaying vaccines is not only a waste of time, it could be dangerous to your kids. And no, foreigners aren’t bringing most measles cases into the U.S.

Experts on measles vaccines say they’re frustrated by the wide array of rumors being fed by websites, organized anti-vaccine groups, and the media. They debunked many of the myths at a seminar Monday organized by the Johns Hopkins school of public health.

Here are seven misconceptions they took on:

It’s OK to delay vaccines and it lets your kid’s immune system mature

No, it’s not, says Dr. Neal Halsey, director of the Institute for Vaccine Safety at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health.

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends that babies get their first combined measles, mumps and rubella (MMR) vaccine at 12 months and a second dose at age 4 to 6, before starting pre-school or kindergarten. Not only is your child vulnerable to measles if you delay this, but older kids might be more likely to have frightening complications from the vaccine.

“People are delaying immunization for their children because they are concerned about this very small, precious 12-month-old,” Halsey said. But about 5 percent of children develop what’s known as febrile seizures when they get a fever for any reason. These seizures are almost always harmless, but they are scary.

And about one in 6 kids gets a fever after getting the first dose of MMR vaccine. This risk actually goes up in children older than 1, Halsey said. “So it is not safer to delay. It is safer to give the vaccine on schedule,” he said.

"It is safer to give the vaccine on schedule”

And the immune system responds less effectively to vaccines as kids reach the teen years and beyond, so early vaccination is better, Halsey says.

It’s also been shown that people who live in clusters with other vaccine-delaying parents or vaccine exempters have higher rates of vaccine-preventable disease such as pertussis or whooping cough, says Daniel Salmon, deputy director of the vaccine safety institute at Johns Hopkins.

“States that offer personal belief exemptions … have about 50 percent more pertussis than other states,” Salmon said. “If you live in an exemption cluster, you are twice as likely to live in pertussis cluster.”

Foreigners, especially illegal immigrants, are bringing measles to the US

It’s true that measles was eliminated in the United States in 2000 and all outbreaks now begin with an imported case.

But last year, the worst year for measles in the U.S. since 1994, 635 out of 644 cases of measles were in U.S. citizens, says Dr. Diane Griffin of Johns Hopkins.

And out of these cases, 77 percent were unvaccinated people. What is mostly happening is that Americans who are not vaccinated are going to a country where measles is more common and bringing the virus back. Unless they live in a community where many people are not vaccinated, usually they don’t infect very many other people, Griffin said.

“When measles happens anywhere in the world it can come here on a plane pretty quick,” she said. And they aren’t coming over land borders — measles has been eliminated in all of the Americas by very high vaccination rates. They’re coming from Europe and Asia, as well as the Philippines.

“2011 that was the year that we were just bombarded from Europe, mostly from France,” Griffin said.

More people die from the vaccine than from measles

Actually, measles kills more than 140,000 people a year globally, according to the World Health Organization. And WHO estimates that measles vaccines save 1 million lives a year.

In contrast, just 57 claims of deaths due to measles vaccines have been filed through the federal Vaccine Injury Compensation Program, a no-fault system set up to compensate people injured by vaccines. The program doesn’t say how many of those claims were actually allowed.

“Here is one single vaccine that prevents more than a million deaths every year,” Salmon said.

Existence of the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program proves vaccines are harmful

No one ever said vaccines are 100 percent safe. People can be allergic to a vaccine. Former California Rep. Henry Waxman helped write the legislation that led to the program's 1986 launch. He told the seminar it was set up because vaccine makers were dropping out of the business because of fear of pricey lawsuits, and public health officials feared the U.S. would suffer a shortage of vaccines.

“Here is one single vaccine that prevents more than a million deaths every year."

“We looked at the problem and said what we needed to do was assure vaccine manufacturers that these rare, rare cases where they might be held to liability could be dealt with another way,” Waxman told the seminar. The result was a no-fault system: If people could prove they suffered an injury that has been known to be caused by vaccine, they could be compensated without having to prove the vaccine caused the problem. It’s paid for by a tax on vaccines. People who have been vaccinated can spread measles

This erroneous idea may be perpetuated by people who get measles mixed up with polio. Some polio vaccines are made using “live” viruses. These can revert to “wild” type and cause outbreaks, and now WHO recommends using a “killed” polio vaccine first to provide immunity and then boosting with the live one to prevent this spread.

Even though MMR vaccines are made using live viruses, they are weakened much more than the polio vaccine viruses.

“Measles live vaccine doesn’t transmit easily at all,” said Dr. Jane Seward of the CDC’s Division of Viral Diseases. “I don’t think there has ever been a secondary transmission,” she added. “There is no evidence of any transmission of measles virus from a child to household contacts.”

Vaccination is a political debate

It may look that way, with Republicans like New Jersey Governor Chris Christie and Kentucky Senator Rand Paul making comments about vaccination being a matter of liberty. But Waxman has seen vaccine questions raised from the left, also.

“This is not a partisan matter,” he said. “There has been broad bipartisan support for immunizations. I think we have to recognize there are science deniers on the left as well as the right,” he said.

Vaccines cause autism

This one’s been debunked over and over but Halsey says it still comes up.

“The evidence is overwhelming,” he said. The Institute of Medicine has investigated and repeatedly said it’s not true. A special federal court, the U.S. Court of Federal Claims, ruled against three families in 2009 who claimed vaccines caused their children's autism, saying they had been "misled by physicians who are guilty … of gross medical misjudgment."                                                                                                                                                         0136507-52dad389ec8b5ee321d24ef687f8c522.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011537 00000000000 015216  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Twenty Reconstructionist Rabbis at the center of a debate over whether spiritual leaders should be allowed to marry outside the Jewish faith have formed a new association to “affirm a serious commitment to traditional Jewish thought and practice.”

It’s caled Beit Kaplan: The Rabbinic Partnership for Jewish Peoplehood, and news of its formation was announced Thursday evening in an email to The Forward.

The group’s founding rabbis said in a statement that they will be an “educational consortium and resource for rabbis, congregations, and lay people wishing to continue the work and vision of Rabbi Mordecai M. Kaplan (1881-1983).”

Several of the 20 rabbis have been outspoken critics of a seismic shift in Reconsructionism that, in September, decided it was okay to ordain students in its rabbinical seminary, the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College, who were in interfaith relationships.

Darkaynu.org Rabbi Reba Carmel. Share



Pinterest

Email

“Many younger progressive Jews, including many rabbis and rabbinical students, now perceive restrictions placed on those who are intermarried as reinforcing a tribalism that feels personally alienating and morally troubling in the 21st century,” an RRC document explained last fall.

In January, as debate over the policy change intensified, seven rabbis said they would quit the movement.

Rabbi Reba Carmel, a founding member of Beit Kaplan told The Forward then that letting rabbis marry outside Judaism, is “detrimental to the Jewish people in America …(who)ultimately we will be assimilated out of existence.”

“It goes to the heart of what it means to be a Jewish leader,” said Carmel, a 2009 RRC graduate.

Thursday night, Beit Kaplan’s acting spokesperson Shoshana Hantman (also one of the 20 founders), had this to say about the group:

“We have formed a new association in order to represent rabbis, congregations and laypeople who adhere to a more traditional Kaplanian reading of Reconstructionist Judaism.”

“The decision to form the association was sparked, in part, by the recent RRC policy shift that muddled the definition of what it means for a rabbi to have a Jewish family. Other contributing factors include a desire to return the focus of liberal Judaism to Rabbi Mordecai Kaplan’s vision of Jewish peoplehood and a desire to affirm connections to the Jewish people globally, including in Israel.”

Kaplan and his son-in-law Ira Eisenstein were the founders of the Reconstructionist Movement, which shook up American Judaism in the 20th Century.

One of the most revolutionary things? Kaplan in 1922 was the first to hold a public celebration of a bat mitzvah in America.

It was for his daughter Judith, and celebrated at his New York shul, the Society for the Advancement of Judaism.

wikimedia commons Rabbi Mordecai Kaplam. Share



Pinterest

Email

Something else revolutionary that day: Judith Kaplan read from the Torah.

“The Rabbinic Partnership hopes to offer rabbis a place to continue the work Kaplan described decades ago: not to react to the circumstances that change Jewish life, but to actively shape those circumstances, and to do so in partnership with supportive and caring colleagues,” said a third founding member, Rabbi Lester Bronstein.

The other 17 founding rabbis are: Emanuel S. Goldsmith, Carol Harris-Shapiro, David Osachy, Fred Schwalb, Jerry Seidler, Joan Pitzele Sacks, Karen Sussan, and Kevin Hale/

Also: Larry Pinsker, Marna Sapsowitz, Rebecca Lillian, Rick Libowitz, Yaacov Kravitz, Yocheved Heiligman, Daniel Brenner, Andrew Jacobs, and Howard A. Cohen.

The controversy over over-assimilation of Jews has presented itself in different ways in recent years: most recently in the fight to designate an egalitarian prayer space at Israel’s Western Wall.

Several Orthodox and right-wing leaders condemned Reform Jews. One even cited Christian Chelsea Clinton’s marriage to a Jew.

Yariv Levin of the Likud party said: “Reform Jews in the United States are a dying world. Assimilation is taking place on a vast scale. They are not even tracking this properly in their communities. It is evidenced by the fact that a man who calls himself a Reform rabbi stands there with a priest and officiates at the wedding of the daughter of Hillary Clinton and no one condemns it, thereby legitimizing it.”

While the breakaway Reconstructionists have not sought to ban interfaith nuptials among their congregants, last fall’s decision to okay it among the Rabbinate was too much for the Beit Kaplan founding members and their supporters.

“It was the last straw,” said Arlo Binderman, a member of Congregation Kol Haneshama in Sarasota, Fla.

“The (Reconstructionist) movement used to be a little left of Conservative and now it has become way left of Reform Judaism.”

This story "Reconstructionist Rebels Form Splinter Group After Schism Over Intermarried Rabbis" was written by John A. Oswald.                                                                                                                                                                 0136554-db0a3c9ded346339c0a0568cdc517c8c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007674 00000000000 015263  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        How do you market the Affordable Care Act to Millennials? If you’ve got a good answer, tell the White House right away. It’s tried everything to get us to sign up for health insurance on the federal exchanges — and most of its attempts have been off-tune, off-putting, or just downright dumb.

The latest effort involves former NBA star Magic Johnson. Sorry: While Johnson commands respect for his athletic and personal achievements, he’s the not the best candidate to market anything to Millennials. He retired in 1991. Anyone under 23 never even saw him pick up a basketball.

So here’s marketing lesson No. 1: You’ve lost us when we have to Google your spokesman.

The Magic mishap isn’t the ObamaCare marketing team’s first mistake. There’s also the “Brosurance” debacle, a Web and print campaign that started in Colorado but went “national” for all the wrong reasons.

The ads depict Millennials as idiots and floozies. One ad shows college kids doing keg stands; another shows a couple about to hook up, with the tag: “Let’s hope he’s as easy to get as this birth control.”

That leads us to lesson No. 2: You’re doing it wrong when you validate adults’ perception that Millennials are moronic.

Other campaigns have been weird, sad or both. One print ad urged us to go to healthcare.gov by telling us that “Mom loves her comfy jeans.” So did that kid in college who played World of Warcraft, but he never made me want to buy health insurance. Then there’s the “pajama boy” campaign, which convinced anyone over 30 that Millennials are insufferable. And another ad targets women with a not-so-catchy tune sung by cats and dogs.

That’s marketing lesson No. 3: Cat songs aren’t the same as cat gifs. #icanhazrelevance?

To be fair, Millennials aren’t always laughing at the administration’s ads. Sometimes we’re laughing with them — when they feature celebrities and comedians who we’ve actually heard of, like Amy Poehler, Sarah Silverman or Will Ferrell.

But the real joke is on us. ObamaCare just isn’t a good deal for my generation.

The problems start with how much plans cost. Insurance rates have skyrocketed for Millennials since the exchanges opened in October. According to the Manhattan Institute, the average 27-year-old man is facing a 97 percent premium hike and the average 27-year old woman a 55 percent increase.

Sure, subsidies may make up part of the difference between what we’re paying now and what we paid before ObamaCare. But many of us would prefer the freedom to choose options outside the exchange system. It’s no coincidence that the latest Harvard poll shows that only 13 percent of Millennials “definitely” plan on buying an ObamaCare plan.

Millennials are also the least able to afford these increased costs. We’re already struggling with stratospheric levels of college debt that grow every year (with averages of $26,600 in 2011, $29,400 in 2012, and $35,200 in 2013). Nearly 16 percent of 18- to 29-year-olds can’t find meaningful employment. Clearly we need every penny we can get.

The administration has tried to downplay these costs with more lame marketing. Late last year, the Department of Health and Human Services launched an interactive campaign where Millennials could submit videos praising ObamaCare. The winning entry? The song “Forget about the Price Tag.”

That’s not something we can do. Saturday may be “National Youth Enrollment Day,” but the simple fact is that ObamaCare gives us little incentive to join its ranks.

That’s especially true for an event that’s held on a Saturday. If the Brosurance ads are accurate, we’re too busy dealing with the consequences of our poor decisions from Friday night. And it doesn’t help that healthcare.gov will be down for maintenance Saturday. Talk about a planning fail.

Now if you’ll excuse me, I need to finish reading Magic Johnson’s Wikipedia page.

David Pasch, 25, is the communications director at Generation Opportunity.                                                                    0136525-c7d47829c7dc6c9547cba8a688d0264f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001341 00000000000 015141  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        1 of 7 View Caption

Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune Oil wells along the Nine Mile Canyon National Backcountry Byway in Duchesne County, Tuesday Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune Horses in Nine Mile Canyon, Tuesday January 19, 2016. Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune Soldier Creek Road, leading into Nine Mile Canyon in the northern Book Cliffs, Tuesday Janu Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune Petroglyphs at First Site in Nine Mile Canyon, Tuesday January 19, 2016. Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune A BLM sign competes with oil wells for attention along the Nine Mile Canyon National Backco Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune A BLM sign competes with oil wells for attention along the Nine Mile Canyon National Backco                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0136513-f7f9940349e383f5b45dd9278da7bd0c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006711 00000000000 015143  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The government is likely to promulgate the land ordinance for an unprecedented fourth time after conclusion of Parliament's Monsoon Session, with no consensus still in sight on the contentious bill.

The Joint Committee of Parliament headed by MP S S Ahluwalia, which is looking into the contentious legislation, meanwhile plans to seek a two-week extension till August 3 to finalize its report.

Indications are that the panel is unlikely to come out with its report during the Monsoon Session and could seek further extension, making it necessary for the government to re-promulgate the ordinance once again. The ordinance was promulgated for the third time on May 31.

Sources in the government see nothing unusual in the re-promulgation of the land ordinance. They said at least 15 ordinances have been promulgated twice or more.

An ordinance, which has a life span of six months otherwise, has to be re-promulgated if it does not get the endorsement of Parliament within six weeks of the start of a session. Monsoon Session starts on July 21 and ends on August 3.

The government has so far maintained that re-promulgation was necessary for maintaining its continuity and providing a framework to compensate people whose land is acquired. Congress, which has been opposing the new brought by the government, had fiercely attacked it when the ordinance was re-promulgated on May 31.

Sources in the government, however, say that at least six ordinances have been promulgated thrice during various governments including UPA-II.

UPA II had promulgated two ordinances thrice---the 'Re-adjustment of Representation of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes in Parliamentary and Assembly Constituencies Ordinance, 2013' between January 30, 2013 and Septmeber 27, 2013, and 'The Securities Laws (Amendment) Ordinance, 2013' between July 18, 2013 and March 28, 2014 in the 15th Lok Sabha.

'The Buidling and Other Construction Workers (Regulation of Employment and Condition of Service), 1996' was promulgated twice by the Congress government led by P V Narsimha Rao and repromulgated again by United Front Government headed by H D Deve Gowda.

The same happened with the Industrial Disputes (Amendment) Ordinance, 1996, the Arbitration and Conciliation Ordinance, 1996 and The Depository Ordinance, 1996 which were promulgated twice by the Rao government and once more by the Deve Gowda dispensation, which succeeded him.

Sources in the government indicate there is little possibility of the government, which has just completed the first year of its five-year term, opting for the joint session route to pass the bill and invite further criticism for pushing the law 'through force'.

The Joint Committee of Parliament, which is struggling to arrive at some sort of consensus on the vexed land issue, had earlier decided to seek one week's extension till July 28. However, as it was not found sufficient, it decided to have its tenure extended further till August 3.

Originally the panel had to submit its report on the first day of the Monsoon session beginning July 21.

The panel will have to take the nod of Parliament for the extension when the session begins. The panel has decided to seek a two-week extension in one go now, the sources said.

Out of 672 representations that the committee received, 670 have opposed the amendments being brought by the NDA government in the land bill, particularly dropping the consent clause and social impact survey. So far, 52 representatives have also appeared before the committee.                                                       0136587-93f2f93a1b708f373af5bfd540e01c71.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002607 00000000000 015123  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE’s lead over Republican nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE is narrowing in Minnesota, according to a new poll.

ADVERTISEMENT

Clinton leads Trump by 6 points, 44 percent to 38 percent, among likely voters in a Star Tribune Minnesota Poll released Sunday morning.

Her lead was 13 points, 48 percent to 35 percent, in the spring.

Pollsters found overwhelming support, 58 percent to 28 percent, for Clinton in Minneapolis and St. Paul.

Trump, however, has the edge in the suburbs, 41 percent to 37 percent, and the rural areas of the state, 44 percent to 28 percent.

Women favor Clinton and men back Trump, according to the poll, but both candidates are distrusted by voters.

The poll of 625 registered Minnesota voters, conducted Sept. 12 to 14, has a margin of error of 4 percentage points.                                                                                                                         0136612-5022a71a07e349b06e13f9ce1dd4a066.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004227 00000000000 015013  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Following a brief spike overnight (as China intervened in its equity market), crude prices slipped lower, testing towards a $51 handle after Saudi Arabia says OPEC is on track to wrap up its production curbs by the middle of the year, potentially leaving its aim of clearing a global oil glut unfinished.

As Bloomberg reports, OPEC and Russia won’t need to prolong output cuts beyond June because the agreed reductions will have already ended the oversupply in world crude markets, Saudi Minister of Energy and Industry Khalid Al-Falih said in Abu Dhabi on Monday. However, ending the deal by mid-year and restoring production would mean the surplus just starts building again, thwarting OPEC’s ambition of whittling down bloated oil inventories.

The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries said that draining off a stockpile “overhang” of more than 300 million barrels -- enough to supply China for almost a month -- was the main aim of supply curbs agreed with Russia and other producers. Twenty-four nations signed up to a joint cutback of 1.8 million barrels a day on Dec. 10. If they extend the deal for six months beyond its scheduled expiry in June, that surplus will be entirely eliminated by the end of the year, according to Bloomberg calculations based on data from the International Energy Agency. If they don’t extend the deal, and restore output to previous levels, about two-thirds of that glut will remain in place.

“If the reduction is of such short duration, this will hardly be sufficient to balance the oil market,” said analysts at Commerzbank AG led by Eugen Weinberg in Frankfurt. “In this case the market participants who bet on rising prices will probably withdraw from the market, putting corresponding pressure on prices.”

And that is what we are seeing begin to occur on this illiquid US holiday trading day...



When OPEC announced its original deal in Vienna, the group said it could be extended for another six months to “take into account prevailing market conditions and prospects.” Al-Falih said OPEC will reassess the situation when it meets again and the group’s members have said they’re will to extend the pact if necessary.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136565-4dcb1b4b5d4d8a18dfaf48c50e333570.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000051362 00000000000 015253  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Verily all praise is due to Allaah, and may peace and blessings be upon our Prophet Mu h ammad, and upon his family and his Companions, one and all .





To proceed...





No Muslim would ever agree with the mocking, ridicule, and blasphemous lies directed at our Deen and at our beloved Prophet ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ). Rather the Imaams of Ahlus-Sunnah, the likes of Maalik, al-Layth, A h mad, Is h aaq, and ash-Shaafi’ee, have agreed unanimously that the one who mocks, ridicules, and defames the Prophet ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) has disbelieved, and that the prescribed punishment for the one who lives in the lands of the Muslims and does that is death, a punishment that falls under the authority of the Muslim ruler.





There is no doubt that these types of attacks on our Prophet ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) will cause anger and make the stomach of every Muslim turn due to his love for Allaah, His Messenger, and His Deen. But the Muslim who is truthful, sincere, and just, he doesn’t allow himself to be overcome by emotion and respond to these attacks with a knee-jerk reaction that entails actions which Allaah and His Messenger have prohibited. Rather, like in all matters, he is first and foremost patient, and then he takes those matters back to the Qur’aan and Sunnah and the understanding of the Companions, and those ‘Ulamaa’ who are firmly-grounded in knowledge. So he is patient and he plants his feet squarely upon knowledge, and he submits to what Allaah and His Messenger ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) have decreed.

ﯵ ﯶ ﯷ ﯸ ﯹ ﯺ ﯻ ﯼ ﯽ ﯾﯿ

ﰀ ﰁ ﰂ ﰃ ﰄ ﰅ ﰆ ﰇ ﰈ ﰉ ﰊ ﰋ

ﰌ ﰍﰎ ﰏ ﰐ ﰑ ﰒ





“O you who believe! Obey Allaah and obey the Messenger, and

those of you who have been placed in authority (over you). (And) if

you differ in anything amongst yourselves, refer it back to Allaah

and His Messenger, if you truly believe in Allaah and in the Last Day.

That is better and more suitable for final determination.”





And al- H aafi th Ibn Katheer mentions that “those of you who have been placed in authority (over you)”, according to Ibn ‘Abbaas, Mujaahid, ‘A t aa’ and others from the Salaf refers to the ‘Ulamaa’. And Ibn Katheer mentions that it is general to both the rulers and the ‘Ulamaa’. And of course this means the ‘Ulamaa’ of Ahlus-Sunnah, not those who ahlul-bid’ah call scholars, the likes of al-Qara d aawee, al-‘Awdah, ‘Abdur-Ra h maan ‘Abdul- Kh aaliq, and other than them from the callers to misguidance.









What has transpired over the past few days in the lands of the Muslims and other than them as a reaction to the film attacking Islaam and insulting our beloved Prophet ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) - contradicts the guidance and Sunnah of Allaah’s Messenger ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ). One should remember that these types of attacks are not something new. Indeed Allaah mentions throughout the Qur’aan that His messengers ( عليهم الصلاة و السلام ) were constantly mocked and defamed, that their people called them crazy, mad, and even labeled them as sorcerers, etc. Allaah تعالى said:





ﭑ ﭒ ﭓ ﭔ ﭕ ﭖ ﭗ ﭘ ﭙ ﭚ ﭛ ﭜ ﭝ





“Likewise, no Messenger came to those before them except that they said: "A sorcerer or a madman!"





And this happened with the Prophets and Messengers from Noo h ( عليه السلام ) up to His final Messenger, Mu h ammad ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ).





In the lifetime of Allaah’s Messenger ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) there were those who cursed and insulted him openly. Ka’b bin al-Ashraf al-Yahoodee, in al-Madeenah, used to recite defamatory poetry about him and made explicit poetry about the women of the Muslims. And there was ‘Abdullaah bin Kh a t al in Makkah, who had two female singers who he had sing songs making fun of Prophet Mu h ammad ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ).





As for Ka’b bin al-Ashraf, when he returned from Makkah to al-Madeenah and began reciting his poetry insulting him, the Prophet ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) asked his Companions, “Who will deal with Ka’b bin al-Ashraf? For indeed he has harmed Allaah and His Messenger.” And this was when the Prophet ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) was in his dawlah in al-Madeenah and he was the ruler, and Ka’b bin al-Ashraf was living under his authority in al-Madeenah. But the Prophet ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) didn’t ask his Companions to punish his neighbors, companions, or even his family members for what Ka’b bin al-Ashraf did. Nor did he punish the representatives of his tribe, Banu an-Na d eer, or randomly target the Jews of al-Madeenah nor did he boycott their businesses. Any person of sound intellect would agree that this would be unjust and defies logic, not to mention the texts of the Book and the Sunnah. Instead he ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) -as the ruler - dealt with Ka’b bin al-Ashraf, the one who caused that harm specifically.





‘Abdullaah bin Kh a t al was in Makkah, and he had two female singers who he taught to sing songs making fun of the Prophet ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ). And at that time, the Prophet was in al-Madeenah, and was the ruler ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ), and never did he attack anyone from the kuffaar in al-Madeenah or any other town or village as retribution for the defamation and insults of ‘Abdullaah bin Kh a t al towards him. Nor did he command his Companions to attack Makkah or its people because of him. Rather he was patient ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) and did not oppress, and did not transgress. He was patient and he was just ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ). So when the Prophet ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) conquered Makkah, and he entered Makkah with his armies, he ordered them not to harm anyone who did not fight them, except for a small group of people who he named by name ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ). From them – and here the Prophet ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) had conquered Makkah, and had might and capability (qudrah) – from them was ‘Abdullaah bin Kh a t al and his two songstresses. He didn’t tell them to kill Ibn Kh a t al’s neighbors or his family members. He didn’t destroy the property of the members of his tribe. Rather he ordered them to kill ‘Abdullaah bin Kh a t al and his two songstresses.





These are just two examples of how the Prophet ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) dealt with those who abused him in his lifetime. He was aadil (just), and was s aabir (patient) - ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ). He did not oppress and was not unjust, and these people cursed him, abused him, mocked him, and insulted him during his lifetime - ( صلى الله عليه وسلم )!! So where are the actions of the jamaa’aat (political groups and parties) and the ignorant folk who’ve been affected by them from the actions and example of Allaah’s Messenger ( صلى الله عليه وسلم )?!





Where do you find that the Messenger of Allaah ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) and his Companions went to another town and protested, or that they murdered the innocent, or destroyed or burnt their property to the ground because of what the likes of Ibn al-Ashraf and Ibn Kh a t al did in Makkah and al-Madeenah?!





Rather he was patient and just ( صلى الله عليه وسلم )!! And ‘adl (justice) is to put everything in it’s proper place. And what we see from these people in Egypt, Yemen, Libya, and other places in the Middle East, is oppression, injustice, and deviation from his Sunnah. And Allaah said:













ﮍ ﮎ ﮏ ﮐ ﮑ ﮒ ﮓ ﮔ ﮕ ﮖ ﮗ ﮘ

“So warn those who oppose his command, lest some fitnah befall him or they afflicted with a painful punishment.”









And what further elucidates the distinction between the guidance of Mu h ammad ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) and those Muslims who have been overtaken by emotion and misguidance, is the narration of ‘Aa’ishah ( رضى الله عنها ), collected by al-Bu kh aaree, Muslim, A h mad and others, when a group of Jews entered upon the Messenger of Allaah ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) and said “as-saamu ‘alaykum” (death be upon you). So ‘Aa’ishah ( رضى الله عنها ) understood what they said, so she responded: “wa ‘alaykum as-saam wal-la’nah” (and death and curses be upon you). So the Messenger of Allaah ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) said: “Take it easy, O ‘Aa’ishah! Verily Allaah loves rifq (gentleness and leniency) in all matters.” So ‘Aa’ishah said: “O Messenger of Allaah! Didn’t you hear what they said?” So he ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) said: “I already responded to them (by saying) ‘wa ‘alaykum’ (and upon you, too).”





Our Deen is not based on emotion. Rather the Muslim who truly and sincerely loves Allaah and His Messenger ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) will stick to his guidance and his Sunnah:





ﭮ ﭯ ﭰ ﭱ ﭲ ﭳ ﭴ ﭵ ﭶ ﭷ ﭸﭹ ﭺ ﭻ ﭼ ﭽ

if you truly love Allaah, then follow me. (If you do) Allaah will love you and forgive you for your sins. And Allaah is all-forgiving, most merciful.” “Say:if you truly love Allaah, then follow me. (If you do) Allaah will love you and forgive you for your sins.And Allaah is all-forgiving, most merciful.”









Here are some points to consider and reflect upon:





- bid’ah, as the ‘Ulamaa’ of Ahlus-Sunnah like Shay kh Ibn Baaz, Shay kh al-Albaanee, and Shay kh Ibn ‘Uthaymeen have clarified. Kh awaarij. Of course the jamaa’aat as-siyaasiyyah allow them and promote them as they are means for them to contend with the Muslim rulers and reach rulership itself. These protests which have spread throughout the Muslim lands, even to our beloved Kuwait, are a, as theof Ahlus-Sunnah likeIbn Baaz,al-Albaanee, andIbn ‘Uthaymeen have clarified. They are an act of opposing and contending with the Muslim ruler and are from the way of theawaarij.Of course theallow them and promote them as they are means for them to contend with the Muslim rulers and reach rulership itself.





- We’ve seen how the emotionally charged youth have taken to the streets in these protests and clashed with the police, and caused damage to property - not just the property of the American Embassies - which is in itself an act of oppression - but the property of the Muslims as well! And this is supposed to be defense of the Prophet ( صلى الله عليه وسلم )??! It cannot be that the Muslims defend the Prophet ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) with oppression when Allaah has commanded us with justice (‘adl):

ﮨ ﮩ ﮪ ﮫ ﮬ ﮭ ﮮ

ﮯﮰ ﮱ ﯓ ﯔ ﯕ ﯖ

ﯗ ﯘﯙ ﯚ ﯛ ﯜ ﯝﯞ ﯟ ﯠﯡ

ﯢ ﯣ ﯤ ﯥ ﯦ





“O you who believe! Stand out firmly for Allaah and

be just witnesses and don’t let the enmity and hatred

of a people keep you from being just. Be just! That is

closer to Taqwaa.”





al- H aafi th Ibn Katheer said: “Don’t let hatred for a people cause you to abandon justice towards them. Rather exercise justice with everyone, whether it be a close friend or an enemy.”





Shay kh ul-Islaam Ibn Taymiyyah: “for indeed the people did not dispute in the fact that the end result of th ulm (oppression and injustice) is evil and harmful, and the end result of ‘adl (justice) is good and noble. And for this it has been said: Allaah will aid the nation that is just, even if it is a disbelieving nation, and He will not aid the nation that is unjust and oppressive, even if it is a believing nation .” [Majmoo’ al-Fataawaa (28/63)]





Then know that punishing others for the crimes and offenses of another is not justice! Allaah says:

ﯱ ﯲ ﯳ ﯴ ﯵ ﯶﯷ ﯸ ﯹ ﯺ ﯻ ﯼ

“No person earns any (sin) except against himself (only), and no bearer of burdens shall bear the burden of another.”









- The jamaa’aat as-siyaasiyyah use these protests and these types of events as a forum and a podium to spread their doubts and their conspiracy theories amongst the people and to turn them against their rulers. They spout out anti-American, anti-western, and anti-Israeli rhetoric and place the blame for the destruction we’ve seen over the past few days on everyone but themselves. ‘Ali al-Deqbas, head of the Arab Parliament, actually blamed “international Zionism of being behind the unrest and inciting sedition and hatred of Islam and Muslims in the Middle East in favor of the Zionist entity ”. And the misguided statements like this are many.





- These protests – which as the ‘Ulamaa’ have said is a bid’ah – were used as a cover for those upon the manhaj of the Kh awaarij to murder a U.S. ambassador and three other members of his staff, the murder of non-Muslims who were given amn (an assurance of safety and protection) and were from a country that has treaties and agreements with the government of Libya.





The Messenger ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) said: “Whoever – from the Muslims - kills a person who is under an agreement or treaty (with the Muslims), he will not smell the Fragrance of Jannah, even though it’s fragrance can be smelled from the distance of 40 years away.” [al-Bu kh aaree]





And in another narration he said: "The assurance of protection of the Muslims is one, so whoever betrays the assurance of protection and safety of another Muslim, then upon him is the curse of Allaah, and (the curse) of the Angels, and (the curse) of all the people."





al- H aafi dh Ibn H ajr ( رحمه الله ) explained: "His saying 'The assurance of protection of the Muslims is one', means that their giving an assurance of safety and security is correct (and binding). So if one of them gives amn to a kaafir, then it is h araam upon anyone else to harm him…"









Those non-Muslims who live and work in the Muslim countries have been given amn (an assurance of safety and protection), so by attacking them is contending with and opposing the Muslim ruler, and is an act of treachery and oppression.





Shay kh T aariq as-Subay’ee explained that if even one of the Muslims gives amn to a non-Muslim, even if that Muslim is a man or a woman, a free man or a slave, and even if that is by a gesture, or if a person is given amn by the authorities of a Muslim land through diplomatic agreements or by giving him a visa to enter that land – that person has an assurance of safety and protection from every Muslim . It is totally h araam for any Muslim to harm him. And the person, - the Muslim -, who does, falls under the curse of Allaah, the Angels, and all of the people.









- Look to those at the head of these protests and you’ll see that all of them are from the heads and supporters of the jamaa’aat as-siyaasiyyah. And the fact that none of the ‘Ulamaa’ of Ahlus-Sunnah have anything to do with this should be another sign for the person of intellect, just as Ibn ‘Abbaas ( رضى الله تعالى عنهما ) brought as a proof against the Kh awaarij the fact that none of the Companions were with them, when he said ( رضى الله عنهما ): Indeed I’ve come to you from the Companions of Allaah’s Messenger ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) and there is not a single one of them with you!













- We see the Muslims protesting, fighting with the police, destroying property and other than that, all in the name of defending the Prophet ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) from this film produced by a man living in America. What is amazing is that no one is upset over the masaajid that have graves in them where other than Allaah are worshipped besides Allaah, like the masjid of al-Badawee, Zaynab, or al- H ussayn?! The greatest sin that one can commit is committed in the lands of the Muslims, and the people are tearing down the American embassy over something they don’t have the authority or ability to do anything about?!

Allaah said:

ﮢ ﮣ ﮤ ﮥ ﮦ ﮧ ﮨ ﮩ ﮪ ﮫ ﮬ ﮭ ﮮﮯ ﮰ ﮱ ﯓ ﯔ ﯕ ﯖ ﯗ

“Verily, Allaah does not forgive that partners should be set up with him in worship (shirk), but He forgives what is less than that (from sins) for whomever He wills, and whoever sets up partners with Allaah in worship, he has indeed invented a tremendous sin.”





So these Muslims and these jamaa’aat want to defend Prophet Mu h ammad ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) – by committing oppression and injustice – but where is the defense of Allaah and His Tawheed from the shirk committed by muslims in the lands of the muslims themselves?!









So know that Allaah ( تبارك و تعالى ) has commanded us with patience and justice, and forbidden us from injustice and oppression. And there is no justice in the actions we see from our brothers and sisters in Egypt, Yemen, Tunisia, Morocco, Sudan, and the other countries that this is happening in. Rather what we see is ignorance, oppression, misguidance, and deviation from the Sunnah of Allaah’s Messenger ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ).





And what benefit have they brought about?





The producer of this shoddy film lives in America, and America is a country that has it’s own laws that it governs it’s citizens by. And America also has treaties and agreements with almost all of these lands that their embassies are being attacked in, proven by the fact that they have embassies there to begin with. So then this affair is not in the hands of us common folk, and we don’t have the capability to do anything about it. What is upon us then is to be patient and cling to the Sunnah of the Prophet ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ). And this is a better defense of the Prophet ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) than what we see from the jamaa’aat and those infected by them!





And it is important to note that our patience and our clinging to the Sunnah during situations like this, when we don’t have the ability to change them, is not a sign of weakness or deficiency. Rather it is the people of misguidance from the jamaa’aat as-siyaasiyyah that have duped our youth into thinking that not having the ability to act is the same as not acting, and this is misguidance and deception.

Ibn Mas’ood narrated that the Prophet ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) was praying by the Ka’bah, and when he went into sajdah, one of the companions of Aboo Jahl put the entrails of a camel on the Prophet’s back ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) while Ibn Mas’ood looked on. And Ibn Mas’ood said: “I was watching but couldn’t do anything about it. If only I had the strength and ability (to stop them).” [al-Bu kh aaree]





This shows us that in situations when we don’t have the capability to act, due to physical weakness, lack of strength or capability, or there being something else that prevents us from doing that, there is no shame or deficiency in that, just as the Messenger of Allaah ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) himself could not aid Yaasir, ‘Ammaar, and Umm ‘Ammaar ( رضى الله تعالى عنهم ) when he saw them being tortured for their Eemaan in Allaah. So he said to them ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ): “Patience, O Aal-Yaasir (O family of Yaasir)! For indeed you’ve been promised Jannah.” ):









What we’ve written here is not a defense of this film. We find it just as offensive, appalling, and insulting as everyone else. Nor is it a defense of America, Israel, or any other country. Rather it is meant to be a defense of the Messenger of Allaah ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) and our Deen from those who go beyond the bounds, and those who play on the emotions of the Muslims and the emotional, disenfranchised youth, and call them to deviation and misguidance. It is a call to patience, justice, and sticking to the Sunnah of the Messenger of Allaah ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ). And this what was needed to be said and clarified. And Allaah knows best.





‘Ubaadah bin a s - S aami t narrated: “The Messenger of Allaah ( صلى الله عليه وسلم ) took an oath of allegiance from us to listen and obey (the ruler) in adversity and prosperity, in pleasure and displeasure (and even) when somebody is given preference over us, and to not dispute or contend the authority of those it belongs to, and that we speak the truth wherever we may be without fearing in the matter of Allaah the blame of the blamer .” ) took an oath of allegiance from us to listen and obey (the ruler) in adversity and prosperity, in pleasure and displeasure (and even) when somebody is given preference over us, and to not dispute or contend the authority of those it belongs to,.”





May peace and blessings be upon our Prophet Mu h ammad, and upon his family and his Companions, one and all. And All praise and thanks are due to Allaah, Lord of al-'Aalameen.









Aboo Sufyaan



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0136616-d5f6ebe75c90b6d3a0475b8c93361aa0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006633 00000000000 015177  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Lexington Legends unveiled their new uniforms Thursday evening, and in the process achieved several Minor League firsts.

The South Atlantic League franchise -- the new Class A affiliate of the Kansas City Royals -- became the first Minor League club to boast a royal blue, kelly green and cream color scheme. They also became the first team to unveil a uniform by having their mascot rappel down a downtown building while sporting the new duds. But these two unprecedented events may pale in comparison to the following: The Legends became the first team to prominently feature a mustache logo.

Yes, a mustache. While on the road, the team's players will sport a kelly green cap with only a well-maintained curlicue 'stache adorning it. This prominent bit of upper lip hair pays tribute to the team's longstanding mascot Big L, who has always sported this type of facial hair.

"Minor League Baseball is all about the 'wow' factor, and we wanted to go beyond the normal stuff you'd see at the ballpark," said Hall of Fame namesake Ty Cobb, the Legends director of creative services and graphic designer. "And we wanted to be the team to do this first, to have a mustache on a hat. Our mascot, he actually has a mustache, so we're not just hopping on a fad. ... We're going to be easily recognizable when on the road. Fans can just look at the mustache."

It's appropriate then that Big L figured prominently in the team's unveiling of its new look (designed by San Diego-based Brandiose). As part of a two-day fundraiser for the Boy Scouts of America, the mustachioed mascot rappelled down the 410-foot Lexington Financial Center while wearing the Legends' new uniforms. Upon hitting the ground and getting unharnessed, he showed off the new style amidst a large crowd that had gathered for downtown Lexington's recurring "Thursday Night Live" outdoor party.

"Big L's like Superman," Cobb said. "He was walking around in the old [uniforms] beforehand, and then came down as a new person."

As attention-grabbing as certain aspects of the Legends' new look are, general manager Seth Poteat is quick to point out that it is more of an update than a total rebranding.

"We're not recreating the wheel here," he said. "We're tweaking the blue a little bit, from the traditional navy to royal blue. Coincidentally that works well with our new affiliate, but it also ties into the University of Kentucky, which is the strongest brand in the state. ... We're paying tribute to the area we're coming from, keeping it traditional yet new and fresh and modern."

The primary logo, as before, features Big L. He is depicted with a scowl, holding two bats crossed behind his head. Beneath "Legends" in script lettering, there is an illustration that depicts the white fences that are common amidst the region's many horse farms. Horses are referenced, again indirectly, on the team's alternate cap. The chiseled "Lex" font is meant to recall the chiseled drystone walls that line historic horse farms. The home cap, meanwhile, features "Lex" in descending diagonal letters.

"A lot of times people here refer to Lexington as 'Lex,' and we're the first to use that abbreviation as part of a sports logo," said Cobb. "We're excited about that."

But when all is said and done, the Legends are aware that the most -- ahem, Legendary -- aspect of their new logo will be the mustache.

"It started as kind of a joke," said Poteat. "But the more we talked about it, the more we said 'Why not?'"                                                                                                     0136620-5c940d4f752bf6ec3f570fd58266cfd6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012211 00000000000 015205  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        sharing and caring The sharing economy is bullsh!t. Here’s how we can take it back

The sharing economy is bullshit. Airbnb is a rental broker. Uber and Lyft are unregulated cab services. Taskrabbit and similar “servant economy” enterprises let well-off people pay less well-off people to do their chores — without providing anyone the benefits and security of traditional employment.

“Sharing” has been appropriated and stripped of all meaning by people trying to sell you things, much like sustainability was. Once “green” became hip and important about a decade ago, corporate bigwigs started preaching about sustainable profits and misleading eco-labels got slapped on single-use disposable plastic water bottles. These days, share-washing is the new greenwashing.

A recent piece in The Nation indicted the so-called sharing economy on multiple counts:

Of course, platforms like Airbnb and Spinlister, an app for sharing bicycles, do demonstrate something positive: People are willing to share, even with strangers.

And sharing, real sharing, is important. Sharing more could allow humanity as a whole to consume less, hopefully shrinking our economy’s voracious appetite for materials and energy. Thus far, resource use has accelerated in tandem with economic growth.

Sharing can help us achieve economic degrowth in consumption and production — and the wastes that come with them, like carbon emissions — while maintaining quality of life, or even improving it with more social interactions and stronger community relationships. (Watch degrowth explained with orange juice.) One reason I like the term “degrowth” is that it isn’t likely to be co-opted by profit-oriented companies anytime soon, since enterprises are mostly forced to grow or die in our fiercely competitive economy.

Let’s reclaim “sharing” by contrasting the real sharing economy with the bullshit sharing economy. A real sharing entity enables a group of people to collectively create a good or service and then share the results equitably. A real sharing enterprise isn’t driven by profits for shareholders; it’s driven by sharing resources, knowledge, and decision-making responsibilities. This post introduces a series of stories about real communities creating the real sharing economy.

On a bigger scale, sharing wealth more even-handedly is the only way to decrease the world’s enormous economic inequality. We’ve made huge gains in establishing civil rights for women, people of color, and LGBTQ communities, but we won’t achieve true social justice until the economic pie is divided up more fairly.

And sharing power more democratically is the only way to fix our broken political system. As is, money moves resources and buys political outcomes — and it’s mostly in the hands of a few filthy-rich plutocrats.

In fact, an organization called Share the World’s Resources recently released a report arguing that sharing can be the idea that brings together social, economic, and ecological movements in a grand alliance. Imagine Black Lives Matter, the fossil fuel divestment crusade, and the smoldering embers of Occupy joining forces to fight for a real sharing economy.

“If you take a look at any of the serious problems we face as a society, from global climate change to pandemics to developing new energy sources, I would argue that they have to be solved cooperatively,” says Josh Farley, professor of ecological economics at the University of Vermont. “There is no competitive solution.”

Troublingly, a grow-grow-grow economy makes us all more reliant on money. Real sharing economy projects make money less important, like the Buy Nothing groups on Facebook and tool-lending libraries that Grist already writes about.

“What we need to do is develop models of a cooperative economy that can be scaled up to address these global problems, but we’ve got to start locally,” says Farley. “I really think we’ve got to start developing those new approaches very soon, and figure out what scales up.”

Hence this series. These “degrowth in action” stories will explore a bike cooperative, an urban food forest, and a community solar program — all in Grist’s backyard of Seattle.

Most people in the climate movement aren’t yet on board with the degrowth concept — that is, if they’ve even heard of degrowth — despite agreeing with many of its objections to our economic system and ideas about how to transform the world economy. Somehow, many still believe the myth that endless, exponential economic expansion is compatible with saving the climate. But if climate hawks can see real-life examples of degrowth, they might come to see its potential for creating a fairer society and cleaner environment.

Barbara Muraca, a degrowth activist and environmental philosophy professor at Oregon State University, calls these sharing projects “laboratories of social innovation.” They test out new ways of living together and prove that sharing works. “People learn to live differently because they do it, not just because they think about doing it,” she says.

Planting the seeds of a real sharing economy is no easy task. But it’s easier to share the work than go it alone.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0136611-ca252550ba78fa4009b03c29d13b1748.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002053 00000000000 014722  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A crocodile rests inside its open enclosure at a zoological park in New Delhi December 7, 2006. REUTERS/Desmond Boylan

LUCKNOW, India (Reuters) - As many as 26 endangered crocodiles have been found dead over the last three days in northern India and experts attribute the rare mass deaths to cirrhosis of the liver, authorities said on Friday.

The reptiles died in the waters of the Chambal river, which runs along the borders of the northern state of Uttar Pradesh and the central state of Madhya Pradesh, baffling experts as it is considered their natural habitat.

“Autopsies confirm liver cirrhosis as the cause of death,” D.N.S. Suman, Uttar Pradesh’s top wildlife official, told Reuters from Etawah town on the banks of the Chambal where experts have camped to investigate the deaths.

Poisoning was not suspected as fish in the river had not died, Suman said, adding that scientists would test the water for the presence of any liver-damaging toxins.

Cirrhosis is marked by the loss of liver tissue, leading to the loss of function of the vital organ.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136600-92bda1cd2811c4082e54a5596ef50c97.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002253 00000000000 015026  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        IloveBaldEagles Junior Member



Join Date: Oct 2012 Drives: Gray. Location: VA.gina Posts: 1,937 Thanks: 3,620 Thanked 2,086 Times in 995 Posts Mentioned: 67 Post(s) Tagged: 1 Thread(s)

Bi-weekly Fairfax Meet Hello! And welcome to the Bi-Weekly Fairfax Meet! Your host will be doge and I hope you enjoy having a good time!





Meet dates are posted in the big red numbers below!







07/08/2016

07/20/2016

08/03/2016

08/17/2016







The location for the next is posted in a semi-professional way below!*



Meet location: Revolution Bar and Restuarant. (Formerly known as Fast Eddies)

Address: 9687 Fairfax Boulevard, Fairfax, VA 22030.

Time: 7:00PM

We usually get there a little before 7 traffic dependent and walk in weather dependent.







*The location of the meet might change suddenly due to circumstances. Location will be updated either in first post of this thread or in the last post of this thread. If you can not find it, send me a PM! I will be able to assist you almost about instantly



*Please be respectful of the parking lot and the people around you. No soliciting or unwanted hooning. Overall, be nice. Last edited by IloveBaldEagles; 07-12-2016 at 10:48 AM .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136578-363b21e4ce227224fdcc1f954c45b48c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002427 00000000000 015120  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As we count the days until the next episode of Sherlock airs this Sunday, pictures have emerged that offer new details about Toby Jones’ mysterious villain Culverton Smith – and exactly what his relationship with Benedict Cumberbatch’s super-sleuth could be.

Advertisement

Yes, a lot of the pictures just show Smith showing off his evil laugh again, but one or two also suggest that he has a bit of a media profile.

One image (above) shows him on what could be a chat show, another (below) shows him interviewed by the press at a fancy black tie event, and a third shows him sitting in what appears to be a dressing room.

Heck, even the shots of him and Benedict Cumberbatch walking together look like he’s accompanied by an entourage, and overall the pictures have us thinking that Smith might be some sort of TV personality or actor. After all, the poster we saw of him in the first episode (below) seemed to suggest something similar…

Anyway, have a look for yourselves and see what you think – the full selection of pictures are below, also including shots of Sherlock’s grief beard, John Watson (Martin Freeman) looking a bit annoyed and Molly (Louise Brealey) giving herself a little hug. How nice.

1155

Advertisement

Sherlock continues on BBC1 this Sunday 8th January at 9pm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136570-786caa1d1e868ce357699f2643087d03.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000047440 00000000000 014726  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.

JUAN GONZÁLEZ: We move now to the Summit of the Americas. President Obama has arrived in Panama to attend the Summit of the Americas along with other leaders from Canada, Central America, South America, the Caribbean—and for the first time, Cuba. Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro are reportedly due to meet informally at the summit, making this the first time presidents from the two countries have sat down since President Eisenhower met with Cuban President [Batista].

Meanwhile, on Thursday, Obama announced the State Department has finished its review of whether Cuba should be removed from the list of state sponsors of terrorism, but said he would wait to act until receiving final recommendations from White House advisers. He could make that announcement at the summit. Congress would then have 45 days to decide whether to override it. The move allows the two countries to reopen their embassies and move forward on historic efforts to normalize relations that were announced in December.

AMY GOODMAN: Meanwhile, the U.S. faces other tensions at the summit over its recent sanctions against Cuba’s close ally, Venezuela. An executive order signed by President Obama last month used the designation to sanction top Venezuelan officials over alleged human rights abuses and corruption. This week, the U.S. announced it’s backing off its move deeming the country a national security threat. In an interview with EFE News, Obama sought to tone down the confrontation, saying, quote, “We do not believe that Venezuela poses a threat to the United States, nor does the United States threaten the Venezuelan government,” he said. Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro responded on Thursday.

PRESIDENT NICOLÁS MADURO: [translated] We may be able to say that the statements given today by President Barack Hussein Obama could open a door to start a new era of relations among Venezuela and a free and sovereign Latin America and the empire of the United States. It could happen.

AMY GOODMAN: Meanwhile, fights broke out ahead of the summit Wednesday when anti-Castro Cuban demonstrators tried to lay flowers at a bust of Cuban patriarch José Martí near the Cuban Embassy in Panama City and were confronted by a group of pro-Castro activists. Cuban delegates also protested over reports that former CIA-backed paramilitary officer Félix Rodríguez, who was sent to kill Che Guevara in Bolivia in 1967, was meeting with opposition groups in Panama City. The last picture taken of Che Guevara still alive in October 1967 shows Rodríguez standing on his left. Elsewhere, pro-Venezuela protesters rallied.

PRO-VENEZUELA PROTESTER: [translated] What we are also defending is the right of free determination for the people. To us, it seems a big disrespect for a citizen of one country to come to mine to conspire against another delegation in the middle of a summit. I wouldn’t do it.

AMY GOODMAN: We are going to go to break, and when we come back, we’ll be joined by two people talking about the significance of this Summit of the Americas.

JUAN GONZÁLEZ: And yeah, and, Amy, I just wanted to correct, on that lede in, when I mentioned the last meeting of an American president was with Fulgencio Batista, of Eisenhower with Fulgencio Batista, not with Fidel Castro.

AMY GOODMAN: We’ll be back on the story of the OAS summit in a moment.

[break]

JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Topics expected to be on the agenda at the Summit of the Americas, as it gets underway, include trade, security and migration. Panama’s president, Juan Carlos Varela, called on the heads of state to put aside their differences.

AMY GOODMAN: Well, for more, we’re joined by two guests. In Claremont, California, Miguel Tinker Salas is with us, professor of Latin American history at Pomona College. His new book is Venezuela: What Everyone Needs to Know. You can read the introduction on our website at democracynow.org. And in Washington, D.C., we’re joined by Mark Weisbrot, co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research and president of Just Foreign Policy. His article in The Hill is headlined “Obama Could Face Disastrous Summit Due to Venezuela Sanctions.”

We welcome you both back to Democracy Now! But let us begin with Miguel Tinker Salas. On this eve of the summit, the kerfuffle around whether—the possibility of Venezuela being put on the terrorist list, and President Obama pulling back from that, saying they don’t consider, while they had originally said they do consider, Venezuela a threat to national security—what’s behind all of this?

MIGUEL TINKER SALAS: Well, I think, fundamentally, it’s the changes in Latin America. The reality is that the summit is really at a crossroads. It begins in 1994, presided by Bill Clinton, as a proposal to implement the free trade for the Americas and take NAFTA into the entire region. The reality is that by 2001 in Quebec, you have Hugo Chávez at the summit criticizing free trade for the Americas and the imposition of an asymmetrical order. And by 2005, that entire process is derailed when you have the fundamental changes in Brazil, Argentina, Bolivia and Ecuador. So the summit is really at a crossroads in terms of what it seeks to accomplish.

The U.S. is trying to regain ground by establishing better relations with Cuba and coming into the 20th century—in fact, the 21st century—but the reality is that the arrogance of the U.S. on the question of Venezuela threatened to derail the entire process again. So I think that what is behind all this is really what is the role of the Summit of the Americas, what is the role of the OAS, at a time in which you have other institutions in Latin America, like the Union of South American Nations and the Community of Latin American and Caribbean Nations, that do not include the U.S. So I think it’s really at a crossroads in terms of what its future will be.

JUAN GONZÁLEZ: And, Mark Weisbrot, what about this? The Americas is no longer the backyard of the United States, as it was historically known as, an area that was exploited and dominated by Washington.

MARK WEISBROT: No, that’s right. And the Obama administration hasn’t really recognized that. I think that’s the big thing. You know, Rafael Correa, president of Ecuador, responded to the March 9th sanctions executive order, saying, you know, “This reminds us of the darkest hours of our America, when we received dictatorships from imperialism. And don’t they understand that Latin America has changed?” he said. And they don’t. And that’s been the problem all along, and that’s the problem with these summits.

You know, in 2012—and Miguel gave a very nice history—in 2012, everybody said, including the President Santos of Colombia, that there wasn’t going to be another summit without Cuba. So, Obama comes along in December and says, “Well, you know, we’re going to give them a Christmas present. We’re going to, you know, begin the process of normalization, normalizing relations with Cuba.” And then he comes with these sanctions on March 9th. And everybody realized, well, he’s not really changed anything at all.

And you get these statements from CELAC, which includes every country in the hemisphere except for the U.S. and Canada, saying, you know, he’s got to rescind this executive order, and then from UNASUR, as well. So now you see the White House backing off, and you see the White House saying, “Well, no, we didn’t really”—you know, we not only said that Venezuela was an extraordinary threat to national security, but we actually declared a national emergency because of this threat. That was written in the executive order. And now the White House says, “No, you know, it’s not a threat at all.”

Well, first of all, what does that say about the rule of law in the United States? I mean, this was an executive order. They had to put that in there for—because that law is there for a reason. You’re not supposed to impose unilateral sanctions. Actually, it violates that OAS charter, among other things, unless there is a real security threat. So this was a real admission—this was a real defeat for them. And they’re backing off, just like the, you know, coming into the 21st century on Cuba is backing off. But they still don’t really recognize that there’s a new reality in the region. And that’s why I think it doesn’t look that good yet going forward.

AMY GOODMAN: Among those attending the summit is U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs Roberta Jacobson. Last week, she said she was surprised few countries had defended U.S. sanctions against Venezuela.

ROBERTA JACOBSON: I was a bit, I will confess, disappointed that there weren’t more who defended the fact that, clearly, this was not intended to hurt the Venezuelan people or the Venezuelan government, even, as a whole, and did not more clearly explain or elucidate, as we did for them, in advance, because we did talk to governments in advance on the sanctions, that this was really very, very narrowly targeted.

AMY GOODMAN: In March, all 33 members of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States, known as CELAC, expressed opposition to the U.S. sanctions against Venezuela. Miguel Tinker Salas, your response to one of the representatives, the U.S. representative? Of course, President Obama will be there, too, in Panama.

MIGUEL TINKER SALAS: Well, I think it merely mirrors what happened in the 2012 summit in Colombia. There’s a certain arrogance behind a statement that you’re disappointed about the fact that Latin American leaders did not support the U.S. on sanctions. Did they really think that Latin American leaders were going to ally with the U.S. and support sanctions against Venezuela? They may criticize Venezuela privately. They may—Colombia, Mexico, which are the clearest allies the U.S. has in Latin America, no doubt, may criticize Venezuela, but they’re not going to publicly express that criticism. So if the U.S. is disappointed, it really reflects an arrogance concerning Latin America and their inability to comprehend how in fact the region has changed.

This is not just about Venezuela. This is about Latin America. This is about a region declaring its independence, declaring its autonomy, its respect for the rule of law, its respect for sovereignty, its respect for democratically elected governments. And I think that when Roberta Jacobson and others in the administration or the Washington think tanks criticize other leaders in Latin America, it’s a refusal to recognize the extent to which Latin America has changed, to which it’s not willing to be the backyard, to which there are other players in the region. China is an important economic actor in the region. So are European countries. And I think it really does reflect that sense that Latin America is still our backyard, and then, therefore, they’re really trying to backpedal, because they really want to avoid a repeat of what happened in Cartagena, where Obama was isolated on Cuba, isolated on immigration, isolated on the question of the drug war, criticized by friends and foes alike, and he came back and fired his national security adviser on Latin America. So I think that there really should be some heads to roll here as a result of what has happened, the debacle the U.S. has got itself into. And I think that really does reflect the arrogance that still exists on the part of the U.S.

JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Well, Mark Weisbrot, on this issue of damage control that’s been occurring in the last week or two, we reported yesterday here on the decision of the United States government to extradite—to deport General Carlos Eugenio Vides Casanova, who was linked to the—not only to torture, but then to the killings of the churchwomen, the four churchwomen in El Salvador, and also the decision to initiate extradition proceedings against Colonel Inocente Orlando Montano Morales, who was implicated in the killing of Jesuit priests, Spanish Jesuit priests, and who is now facing a judicial—a potential trial in Spain. So you have these two actions just in the days before Obama heads to the summit, and also the reports that Secretary of State Kerry sent an emissary to Venezuela to try to patch things up privately. Can you talk about that?

MARK WEISBROT: Yeah, I think they really realized they made a big, big mistake. And, you know, Miguel is right. I mean, they live in some kind of bubble. I don’t know who they’re talking to in these governments. You know, I remember talking to a foreign minister a couple years ago. I won’t mention his name or country because it was a private conversation. But he said, you know, “When the U.S. is going to do something in Africa, they at least talk to the governments in the region and ask them what they think about it. And they don’t even do that in Latin America.” And, you know, this is how everybody sees it. There’s a huge gap between what any government knows in the region about U.S. policy and what you have in the media—and therefore what most people know. It’s enormous.

And, you know, in 2009, of course—and I’m thinking about this because you might get a handshake and a picture between Raúl Castro and President Obama in this summit, and you had that with Obama and Chávez in 2009, and it went all over the place and actually upset some of, you know, the administration’s right-wing allies. And so, the very next day, they poured cold water all over it and made sure—made it, you know, with some insults, and made sure that this wasn’t going to lead to any thawing of relations. Then, of course, there was a military coup in Honduras in 2009 in June. And after that, after the U.S. did everything it could to support, to make sure that coup succeeded and to legitimize the elections that nobody else in the hemisphere would recognize, for that dictatorship, that was really it. You know, then everybody realized, well, this wasn’t going to change; this was really as bad, and possibly even worse, as the Bush policies in Latin America. Now, you know, Obama is concerned about his legacy—

AMY GOODMAN: Mark, I want to interrupt for one minute, before we really get into the significance of Cuba being there. You wrote about Hillary Clinton’s involvement in the coup, or at least in support of the coup, in Honduras. Now, this weekend, she’s going to be announcing that she will be a candidate for president of the United States. Can you just briefly summarize, as secretary of state, what was her position at the time?

MARK WEISBROT: Well, it was interesting. I mean, she wouldn’t say. You know, like a couple days after the coup, she was asked by the media if restoring democracy in Honduras, which she said she supported, meant restoring the democratically elected president, and she wouldn’t answer that question. And, of course, the White House had put out a statement on the day of the coup, which didn’t even oppose the coup. That told every diplomat in Washington, of course, that, you know, that was the strongest statement you can make in the 21st century in favor of the coup. And, you know, President—

AMY GOODMAN: The ousting of Zelaya.

MARK WEISBROT: Yeah, the ousting of Zelaya. You know, Zelaya was on your show, you remember. He said the U.S. was actually involved in the coup, and there’s every reason to believe that, given what they did in those six months following it. And then, in her book, she very much admits that she acted with others, you know, her few allies in the OAS, to—I think she used the word—render the question of Zelaya’s return moot—in other words, to make sure that that wasn’t going to happen. And they used the OAS, and that’s why you have—I think that’s the main reason why you have the Community of Latin American and Caribbean Nations without the U.S. and Canada, specifically, formed, because of her manipulation of the OAS to stop them from taking stronger action, which everyone else—just about everyone else in the hemisphere—supported, to restore Zelaya to office.

JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Miguel Tinker Salas, I’d like to ask you about the issue of Cuba. But this is President Obama speaking Thursday about whether the U.S. will remove Cuba from its terrorist watch list.

PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: As you know, there is a process involved in reviewing whether or not a country should be on the State Sponsor of Terrorism list. That review has been completed at the State Department; it is now forwarded to the White House. Our inter-agency team will go through the entire thing and then present it to me with a recommendation. That hasn’t happened yet.

JUAN GONZÁLEZ: Miguel Tinker Salas, what about this removal of Cuba from the list of nations sponsoring terrorism?

MIGUEL TINKER SALAS: Well, a list that the U.S. created, and the U.S. put Cuba on it. I think it’s really a political fig leaf on the part of Obama. He wants to be able to hide behind something, come to the summit, deliver something. The reality is that the U.S., for—Cuba, for the U.S., really became an impediment. It creates its isolation in the region. The U.S. has other interests in the region. They would really like to have a discussion about the Trans-Pacific Partnership. They would like to have an alliance about the free trade for the Americas. They would like to promote what are really their economic interests, so that the issue of Cuba is really a vestige of the past. It is part of a Cold War legacy. It has both national implications in the U.S., but it has, more importantly, international implications. The U.S. is isolated on Cuba in the U.N. Only two countries vote for its support of an embargo. It’s isolated in Latin America. It’s isolated in Europe, Africa, Asia. So, really, the Cuba issue has become really an impediment, a block for the U.S. in the region.

So the U.S. has increased its military presence in the region. It would like to really have a discussion about the FTA and economic interests. So I think that it essentially jettisoned the old Cuba policy, while trying to maintain sanctions, while trying to keep Cuba on a terror list, really put it in a contradiction. Latin Americans reject the idea of the U.S. putting Latin American countries on a terror list. They also reject the U.S. putting Latin American countries on a list of which ones are allies on the drug war, when the U.S. is the largest consumer of illegal drugs in the world, a sort of a hypocrisy there. So I think that there is a rejection to that. That’s why you’ve had the Union of South American Nations; the Community of Latin American and Caribbean Nations; the ALBA, the Bolivarian Alliance. And that’s why you’ve had such a rejection to the Obama policy of sanctions on Venezuela, because the real effort was to make Venezuela the new Cuba, to relieve sanctions against Cuba, to open relations with Cuba, to normalize relations, while at the same time keeping some aspect of sanctions against Venezuela, placating the right in the U.S., placating the right within the Democratic Party. And the whole issue has backfired and threatened to derail the entire summit.

AMY GOODMAN: We want to thank you both for being with us. Of course, we’ll continue to cover this historic summit that’s taking place in Panama. Miguel Tinker Salas, professor of Latin American history at Pomona College, his new book is called Venezuela: What Everyone Needs to Know. And you can read the introduction at democracynow.org, and we will link to his article in The Progressive headlined “U.S. Alone Once Again at Americas Summit.” And thanks so much to Mark Weisbrot, co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research, president of Just Foreign Policy. We’ll link to your piece in The Hill, “Obama Could Face Disastrous Summit Due to Venezuela Sanctions,” though clearly the U.S. has pulled back on those.

This is Democracy Now! When we come back, a Democracy Now! exclusive. A father of one of the Mexican young men who disappeared in the state of Guerrero last September. Stay with us.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136629-5f7e36a8a173ba63b05b3669534eca12.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005723 00000000000 015036  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In reality, measles never went away.

At the petri-dish level, the virus—one of the most stable, unchanging strains there is—looks just the way it did in the pre-vaccination era. Measles remains one of the most infectious illnesses on the planet. The virus stays active and contagious in the air for up to two hours, and can be transmitted from an infected person for up to four days before and after a rash appears.

The stability of the measles virus is also what makes its vaccine so effective. "Oftentimes viruses mutate a lot, like the influenza virus, but this virus is very stable," said Cody Meissner, a professor of pediatrics at Tufts University School of Medicine. "There's really only one strain of the measles virus."

And although the United States successfully eradicated it—meaning that despite occasional outbreaks, measles doesn't move through the population continuously—there's no guarantee it will stay that way. That's what happened in the United Kingdom, where measles was wiped out but is now endemic again.

"It can definitely come back," Meissner told me. "And then because this is probably the most infectious of all the known viruses or illnesses—we say that about 90 percent of people who are not immune and who are exposed to measles will get it—that's a higher number than for any illness, even influenza. It's one of the most infectious or transmissible viruses that we're aware of."

Measles is already one of the leading causes of death among young children worldwide. About 400 people die from the virus each day—that's about 16 deaths every hour, according to the WHO. "It's a very severe disease," Meissner told me. "It's not a mild illness like mumps or even chickenpox. This is a much more severe sort of illness." Even those who survive the virus can suffer brain swelling, pneumonia, deafness, and other permanent complications. And in the United States, measles seems to be making a comeback. Today there are 67 confirmed measles cases in the United States, most of them linked to Disneyland in California. This puts the United States on pace to eclipse incidences of measles in 2014, which was already the worst year for measles since 1994, when there were 958 cases reported to the CDC. Last year there were 644 cases of measles reported in 27 states.

"It is very easy for entire communities to be exposed when an unvaccinated individual is infected and brings it into that group," said Roberta DeBiasi, the chief of Pediatric Infectious Diseases at Children's National Medical Center.

U.S. Measles Cases by Year

CDC

"The problem is people not getting vaccinated," said Jane Seward, deputy director of the Division of Viral Diseases at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. "The vast majority of our cases every single year are unvaccinated people who choose not to be vaccinated. They are living in a family who are unvaccinated and they have friends who are unvaccinated. They might go to a school with a high proportion of people who are unvaccinated."                                             0136101-20263d53e866030919a47f1ee1b8fcf7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000064326 00000000000 014757  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        People can get a bit emotional about putters whenever the question is asked online; “What is the best putter?” But it is a meaningless question, unless two short words are added; “for me”. This week, Vortica’s in-depth look into putting putters lays it all out for you, so you can answer the question yourself.

For myself, the perfect putting putter is an NZ-made, heavy RPM Cosmic Ruru, a stiff one, in a light colour, with a matt black stamp on it. That is unless it’s a long way with a low ceiling. Or it’s a tailwind. Or it’s a really long way up hill. In these cases I have a 155 gram bright red Opto Ruby. Or it’s a headwind, or there’s OB right behind the basket, when I’ll go with my max-weight, Zero Medium Sinus.

The two key words in both preceding paragraphs are “for me”.

So let’s turn our attention to you – and the reason you are here.

Putting Putters are the single most personal choice you can make in disc golf, because you can literally use any putter as your main putter. You are never wrong to use a putter, no matter the weight, maker, plastic, mold or condition – because it’s YOUR putter. The only question is, is it the best putter for you?

So, let’s take a look at…

Putters in General

Will not show any kind of flight shape for the first 7 metres of flight, unless the disc is extremely understable or overstable, in which case it might start to show a flight shape after 6 metres.

So this means it literally does not matter what putter you choose to putt with. Because the only time your putter will differ from any other, is when you are so far from the basket that you are more likely to miss, than make it.

I think it’s safe to assume that if you are reading this, then you are not a professional player, and thus I can make some assumptions about you!

What do you mean “show a flight shape"?

Every disc has a Flight Shape it will make in the air, for any given airspeed, rotation rate, hyzer angle and nose angle. But no disc will show any of that shape until they have flown 7 metres when putting, and then the disc will begin to exhibit its inherent flight path.

However, several factors come into play.

What Affects The Flight Shape of a Putter?

Primarily the spinning speed of the disc. More spin means more gyroscopic stability which means a more consistent hyzer angle will be maintained during the flight. A lot of spin will result in the disc not showing its potential flight shape until much later in the flight. This is why spin putters, um, spin putt.

Thus, it is true that pitch putting, with a very slowly rotating disc is much less accurate as distance increases; the disc acts less and less like a dirt clod, and more and more like an unstabilised disc.

Airspeed and hence, wind, is the other primary flight shape changer. Headwinds tend to lift discs, often disastrously, while tailwinds tend to slap discs to ground early.

So, a player is best advised throwing a heavy overstable low-glide disc like a Sinus into a strong headwind, while a lightweight Ruby would be the very worst option. I have even seen players putt a disc upside down into a headwind with good effect. The lift generated by the disc will tend to pull the disc down, rather than up. Experiment at your own risk!

Wind direction is the other main factor in flight shape - and this applies to all discs. When wind can’t “see” the flight plate of a disc then it can’t do much to affect it, provided the wind flow is parallel with the fligth plate, and your disc is not nose-down, or nose-up. (see below)

Wind which can “see” the top surface of the flight plate will push the disc down rapidly, while wind which “sees” the bottom of the flight plate lifts the disc “rather energetically”, shall we say!

Figure 1. The small cross-sectional area of a common fairway driver flying with zero nose angle.



A disc which is aligned with the wind (as above) has the least affected flight.

Thus we can easily see a tailwind putt should be thrown nose down, so that any wind will lift it and push it, whereas a nose up putt could actually get pushed down – depending on the relative wind speed and ground speed.

Putting nose down into a headwind will cause the disc to crash to the ground, while nose up will cause it to lift and hyzer a long way from the basket. This is why you would always prefer a tailwind putt, and you will always do everything you possibly can to land your approach or drive to give you a tailwind putt, all other things being equal. (The position of OB or steep slopes will also inform your decision.)

From these facts we can deduce that the least affected putt in most conditions is one thrown with no nose angle at all, and no hyzer angle at all, with sufficient speed and height to make the basket successfully. Sadly, the flat-nosed, straight throw, which is always online, and mostly descending into the basket is very difficult to perform with clockwork precision as you move further away from the basket. Well, it is for me, anyway!

The Hyzer Putt

Is probably what most people want to throw once they reach 7 or 8 metres, because the straight putt is so tricky from this distance and out. And unless it is windy, it probably is what you should throw, to have the best chance of making it.

But the Hyzer putt has its problems. From more than 8 metres, you aren’t throwing it at the chains, but rather some nebulous point in space that will result in the putt going in - even if you mentally hang Barry Schultz’s “rings” in the air to indicate your intended flight path.

It is also much more affected by wind, so if you always putt with hyzer, you will really struggle on the windy days – and on windy courses.

Plus, a disc landing with hyzer can skip, or bounce and then roll, leaving you with a long come-backer, to avoid the dreaded triple-putt.

It should be abundantly clear by now, that in order to become a good putter, you need a flat pitched putt, a hyzer spin putt, an anhyzer spin putt, a forehand hyzer and forehand anhyzer putt, a hammer, and at least one upside down shot. Plus a host more, besides.

How to Choose Your Putting Putter

Go to a place where there are lots of putters. Grab one in your putting grip. Feel the plastic. Feel the shape. Feel the size. Feel how firm it is. How does it FEEL, to you? Spend more than just a few moments on this, inspecting it – getting up close and personal with it. This is after all, going to be the most-used disc in your bag.

If the disc does not feel good in your hands, put it in a pile you have mentally marked as “NOT MY NEW PUTTER”. Every other putter you will put in a “MAYBE MY NEW PUTTER” pile.

Work your way through every mold, and every plastic, repeating this process.

Then, take all the “NOs” and put them all back where they came from. Don’t put any disc back in a place it wasn’t! That is a nasty thing a customer can do to a disc seller. DON'T DO IT! If you aren’t going to put it back in exactly the right place, please leave it out to be put away by the seller!

Now, take the pile of MAYBEs and repeat the whole process above until you only have one disc left. THAT is your new Putting Putter! Simple as that!

It doesn’t matter who makes it, or what plastic it is, because you have selected it by the only criteria which mean anything for putting. It is very unlikely you have chosen a very understable, or very overstable putter – and even if you did SO WHAT? Just use it, and get used TO it!

“But, Chris”, I hear you ask…

“IT CAN’T BE THAT EASY – CAN IT?”

You’re 100% right! Finding a place with a lot of putters might prove challenging. But that’s the one and only hurdle you need overcome.

The above method might at first sound simplistic (which means “overly simple” and “ignores important complexities”, and is usually an insult to an idea or a concept), but when you consider the information I’ve presented here, what else do you really need to do, or know, to find your new putting putter?

If there are no disc sellers you can easily visit, you need to start grabbing every possible putter you can lay your hands on, from every person you see playing the game. Like some sort of deranged putter-stalker; dive into the bags of every new player you meet, and yank that putter out, give it the old Feely-Feely and, if you really like it, start running. ;)

But, But, But, I Don’t Like The Way This New Putter Flies For Me!

Sorry about that! It can happen from time to time. So go and buy the disc which was your second choice based on hand feel.

Or stick with it. You chose it for good reason! I played with a Dagger for almost 2 years, but the whole time it was not my ideal putter, but it was closer than anything else I could find.

Prior to this, I was putting full-time with a Medium Sinus, but after getting Feldberg to sign about 10 of them for me when I caddied for him (Which is a funny story, for a later article), he convinced me to try a Dagger. Which I did, a month or so later. The Dagger instantly felt great in my hand. I loved it.

What I did not love was the way it turned into a headwind, or on longer putts. I also did not like the way the Zero plastic beat up so quickly or so much. They did feel awesome though.

Even Zero Hard, despite feeling amazing – and very firm, still beat up too quickly for my liking – and the only ones we had in stock had foil stamps. ACK!

But I persevered, because even I had to admit, I was sinking more putts than I ever had before, and my range was increasing with the extra loft the deep-dish Dagger offers.

Then I went off to the 2016 NZ Matchplay Champs, to fight for my 9th&1/2th final position – another funny story we don’t have time for now – and RPM buddy Simon who I was staying with at Bella Rakha, had a box full of Ruru prototypes, which looked very similar to a Dagger...

The Ruru turned out to be my almost perfect putter – even in the First Run, and I still have hopes of finding the absolute perfect Cosmic Ruru, which would be just a little stiffer than the 5 examples I have now. You can check out my full comparison of the Dagger vs. Ruru over here.

Putter Selection For Experts

If you are an expert, you don’t need this! An expert understands their putting putter intimately, and knows how it will behave in pretty much all circumstances, and failure to sink a putt will nearly always be a failure in execution, rather than shot selection, and they won’t miss by much. You know an expert is going to get up and down from 50-metres, pretty much every time.

An expert also knows exactly what they’re looking for in their new putter. I knew I wanted a more stable Dagger in a Premium plastic – and serendipitously, Simon created the deep-dish Ruru as if by some weird magic – the putter I had waited my whole career for.

Some Other Things To Be Aware Of

Grip

has a tremendous impact on putting. For decades I used a throwing grip for putting, with the distal joint of the index engaged with the bottom of the rim of the disc. This as opposed to a grip where the index finger is always above the bottom rim, and usually aligned with the parting line.

The index on the leading edge was, as far as I was concerned, a non-grip, that felt very wishy-washy to me.

But, after a lot of conversation with 3x World Putting Champion, Jay Reading, I decided to try it his way. And you know what? It works better for me than my old throwing grip. *SHOCK HORROR*

Every person has a unique human hand. And so it is literally impossible to say what will work best for a person. You simply have to try a lot of different grips, and accept that an initial weird-feeling is sometimes not a bad sign!

Putter Colour

You have experienced this yourself. A dark coloured disc lies on the fairway, or the green for a couple of minutes baking in the sun, and when you pick it up it is hot as hell, very soft and floppy, and feels awful in your hand.

Light coloured, and translucent discs absorb far less solar energy, and stay far cooler on the ground. A translucent putter lying on grass in hot sun can be damp underneath when you pick it up, because there’s enough light going through it to allow the grass to keep transpiring.

Foil Stamps

Look very cool indeed! But if you hold your putter in a certain way, and swing it up high, close to your line of sight, then inevitably you will get extreme sun-flashes from the stamp. This might sound like a minor thing, but when you have been temporarily blinded by an ultra-bright flash from your own putter, and your shot clock is ticking, you are in trouble.

Getting a nasty flash from your own disc is NOT a valid reason for claiming a distraction, and resetting your shot clock.

Additionally in extreme climates like Perth, in Oz, a foil stamp can get so hot you can actually burn yourself picking up a disc. That is just nasty!

Bead or No Bead?

Some people claim the bead on discs is designed to engage with the distal index finger joint, or that it is to make the disc more stable, but that is not correct. Dave Dunnipace has clearly stated the reason they put a bead on the bottom was to add material at the place where the disc slid along the ground. This meant that the disc stayed stable for longer. Not longer in flight, but longer in the lifetime of the disc.

Check the video below, where the Grand-Daddy of Innova explains it.

It is entirely up to your personal preference. I have used (and continue to use) both beaded and non-beaded putters, and I do not have a preference.

Bottom Rim Shape

Many putters have smooth rounded rim bottoms, which promote a smooth release. This applies mostly to index-under-the-rim throwers, as the index finger has to disengage from the disc at the release point.

My personal feeling is that index-under-the-rim can sometimes result in spastic releases, where the disc goes nowhere near your intended line. No matter what shape the bottom rim is.

Index-along-the-rim means there is nothing that can hook the rim, and cause it to deviate from the line you are pushing along. Plus, the index can be used as a guide in the release, to prevent the disc moving to the right, for a right-handed player. Thanks Yeti!

The Latitude64 Sinus is a classic case in point here. It has a very sharp bottom rim, and this very occasionally causes problems for me when I am spin putting with it. It can get out of control if my finger does not get out from under the rim perfectly. Same when I am driving with it, a spastic release can see it fly 20 degrees or more away from its intended flight path. Fortunately, this happens to me less as I improve.

You might ask “Then why throw a Sinus?” and I would reply that the sinus is an amazing disc that fades hard, is very easy to range, resists the wind just like the ancient Latin on it says it does, and grabs the ground very aggressively with its sharp bottom rim. The Sinus will not skip, or slide, and tends to die where it lands, a very desirable trait in a disc. Plus it handles huge power, doesn’t flip over into a headwind, and has four different textures on the top surface for you to grip!

For me, it’s the perfect pitch putt disc when there is OB behind the basket, as it won’t slide or skip into the OB if I miss.

Soft or Hard

There is a common myth out there in disc golf land. It goes like this; “Soft putters grab chains better than hard ones”.

There is no evidence of any kind to suggest soft discs catch chains better. If there were, all pros would be using soft putters. End of story.

The “evidence” claimed by people is purely anecdotal, and as we well know, anecdotal evidence is not evidence of any kind. So, don't be suckered into buying a super-soft disc simply because your best mate (!!) told you a bunch of baffling bullshit.

Not that I have anything against soft putters. I used an Omega SuperSoft for many years.

Soft or hard is up to your personal preference, albeit with one consideration which should inform your decision. The release of the putter IS the putt, and getting a consistent release is vital for accuracy.

A soft disc will always flex somewhat in your grip: and due to temperature it will bend more or less. Now – how will you get a consistent release from a bendy disc, which has more or less flex depending on the day or even the hole?

This is a question I was never able to answer for myself, and despite liking soft putters a LOT, I switched to hard ones, and my putting consistency is much improved.

BUT – in saying this – I hasten to point out that I am not a great talent, and I do not have Simon Lizotte’s, or Eagle McMahon’s hands, and so it may be that I simply lack the ability to use a soft putter effectively and consistently. Your mileage may vary!

Even so, when people ask my advice about putters, I tend to steer them away from things which have high flex. I think that is the right thing to do for beginners and intermediates; one less thing to affect the release.

Domed or Flat Top? Or even Concave?

Probably makes little difference in the big scheme of things, but a domed disc needs to be gripped in a slightly different way, because the top of the flight plate is so far above the height of a flat-top, the nose angle changes dramatically. Domed putters will often fly nose up for people, because they haven’t adjusted their grip to take into account the flight plate height differential.

Jay Reading’s “Yeti Pro” Aviar is a specially molded disc which has a concave flight plate – effectively an inverse dome.

Many people find this to be very comfortable, and I do like the feel of it myself. It promotes a nose-down, or flat putt.

Shallow or Deep-Dish?

This is also personal preference, and is entirely down to hand feel. Personally I do not like a shallow putter like the Deputy, and I love the deep, hand-filling feeling of the Dagger and the Ruru.

It’s worth noting that Feldberg was partially induced to join Latitude64 because they allowed him to get in on the design of the Dagger, and so it has all the qualities he wanted in a putter; a deep dish to capture more air under, and hence the Dagger has a slightly lower sink-rate – and hence more “loft”, allowing the disc to fly further for any given amount of effort.

He wanted a putter with a big bead, like his old Big Bead Aviars. He also wanted a firm putter that did not flex in his grip.

But a big, deep, hand-filling putter has a larger cross-sectional area, and hence is affected slightly more by the wind, even if thrown perfectly flat. There is no free lunch!

Premium or Base Plastic?

Once again, this is pure personal preference. I despise beaten up discs, believing “worn in” is synonymous with “worn out”. I prefer premium plastics because they look better, and do not beat up easily or quickly, and their flight shape remains reliable for a long period of time, and is never altered by a single tree or basket hit.

I once fell in love with the Banger-GT – a fantastic-flying disc, made from one of the worst plastics disc golf has ever seen. I got 5 of them immediately. However, less than 3 weeks of putting practice ruined them, in my view. On the flip side, some players will swear 7 blood oaths to a beaten-up Banger-GT, and fight to the death to keep theirs. Such is the sport we play!

I find the grip level of RPM's Cosmic and Atomic is excellent, and a damp putter does not concern me, because I carry at least two chamois at all times, and Cosmic grip for putting when damp is just fine. I can throw a Cosmic Ruru with driving power, directly into a concrete block wall, and all that happens is the disc gets some paint on it, from the wall. :)

How Many Putters Should I Get?

No more than 5. Get them all the same weight, same plastic, and if you are a bit OCD, even the same colour. One is for your bag, and the other four are for practice. Using more than 4 putters to practice will cause you to devalue individual putts, and is likely to damage your putting rather than improve it. Read my article here, for a massive amount of detail.

Do I Need More Than One Putting Putter?

That depends! How good are you? Are you able to make the adjustments needed to successfully employ a second putter when switching between them? What will they be used for?

In my case, as I explained in the first paragraph, I carry two extra putting putters, but they are for specific situations only: massive tailwind, strong headwind, low ceiling, and far uphill. And even then, only if I strongly doubt my ability to bend the Ruru to my will.

Should I Throw My Putting Putter?

Many will give a categorical answer of “NO!” here, but I’m going to be much more pragmatic, and a little wishy-washy and say, “It depends...” :P

If your putting putter is a premium plastic, and there is no danger of losing the disc, then I would say, go for it.

But, if you have a base plastic putter, then I would advise you never to throw it with anything except a putting motion. Not even for relatively short approach shots. A single bad hit may change the flight shape.

I certainly have no qualms about throwing my Ruru, and hard, as a concrete block wall only leaves a smear of paint on the glossy disc surface.

What About A Driving Putter?

A totally different, and very large subject!

What about Weight?

In general, you will want heavy putters. Unless you are a child, or a lightly built female. Or you want a tailwind putter.

Heavy putters are less affected by wind than light ones, and while you can overcome some wind with a spin putt, that shot will fly a long way by the basket if it fails to connect. Hello Birdogie! That’s when your easy birdie putt misses and flies long, and you go from birdie to bogie … BOOM - just like that.

For tailwinds, kids, and the ladies, often the magic little Latitude64 Ruby is a perfect option; letting them throw nice long, straight putts. Not so hot into a raging headwind, though!

Speaking of Headwinds, How Do I Tackle Extreme Winds?

This is the 64,000 dollar question isn't it? But first, a short story!

I have stood on the teepad of Hole 1, leaning into the wind at a 30 degree angle, shouting to the guy next to me, “Where do you think a good shot ends up here?” He yelled, “30 metres closer to the basket!”

I asked him what the hell he was going to throw, and he shrugged and yelled, “I was gonna ask you the same thing!”

On this same hole, I was not foolish enough to attempt to make my 6-metre (outrageous) headwind putt for a miraculous par, but rather knelt down, turned my disc upside down, and slid it underneath the basket so I could drop in for bogie. Sadly, the disc hit the teepee-shaped grass surrounding the pole, and the disc stood up and rolled straight downwind and downhill for over 20 metres.

This left me in a real dilemma – what the hell do I do now? After a minute of careful consideration, I decided to flat spin putt at the basket, trying to sink it, using a max-weight Champion Ape in 10/10 condition. It flew perfectly straight, hit and fell under the basket for a drop-in double bogie. Ouch. But a lot better than many people scored on the hole that day.

Big headwinds can really mess up your day - especially on the putting green, and here's where you can easily take strokes off other players, by being smart: Make damned sure your disc lands upwind of the basket, even if it is 20-metres out - because you will nearly always get up and down from there.

But you may not get up and down from 20 metres downwind, especially if you go for it.

If you are facing a massive headwind, and you are beyond safe putting range - which very literally can be any distance where you can't actually place the disc in the basket - then you are best not to even try to make the putt. Take your medicine: turn the disc upside down, and slide it to the basket to avoid all the effects of the evil wind raging around you.

Read my article covering Wind Gradient to understand how this works.

A Sinus is a definite must-have for heavy wind putting, with it’s super sharp bottom rim halting it almost the instant it touches down. A Sinus is also my "do or die trying" headwind putter. And when I use it in this way, I am putting with anhyzer on the disc.

Anhyzer flight prevents the disc from hyzering, and climbing and flying outside the circle - usually! But it can all go horribly wrong, too!

Using a very overstable driver to putt with may also a viable option, because wind can get so strong that using any kind of putter is simply suicidal - while a high speed driver might actually work.

It's worthwhile practicing these extreme wind putts, because one day, you're going to have to make one of them to take the win, or to force a playoff.

The Legendary Wizard and 2008 World Champion, Dave Fledberg, takes a lap of the basket.



Can I use a Midrange to Putt with?

Sure you can. They have amazing glide – especially if you are using a larger midrange, one which is legal up to 180 grams. However, that same glide is going to fly a long way past the basket when you miss, causing you to triple putt more often than it saves you a stroke.

How about putting with a Driver?

So yeah, you can do that, too! And in fact I have hilariously dark memories of being beaten in a tournament round by a Scotsman who had just one disc, a speed-13 driver, and 15 beers. And he complained bitterly and unceasingly that he’d run out of beer on hole 16. Just how a person could consume that much alcohol in less than 100 minutes blew me away. How he managed to throw 10-under par is still one of the greatest mysteries I have ever known. I threw 9-under.

But he was the exception to the rule, and you should only putt with a driver in extreme circumstances, as I outlined above. Sometimes there IS a case for going for it, with a spin putt, using the most overstable driver you have in your bag.

There is one other time when putting with a driver is not just acceptable, but almost mandatory. That is when you park it under the basket. When doing so, I always say “I love putting with my driver” as I drop in for birdie.

And there you have it, pretty much everything I have ever learned about putters. If you enjoyed this article, please feel free to click the little heart button down below, share the link with someone, or buy one of the discs linked in the piece.

Martin has been kept pretty busy with orders recently, and we apologise for both of us being out of action at the Matchplay Champs until December 12th, which is when any new emails, queries and orders will be actioned. We're making a big Innova and Trilogy order then too - so get your weird-ass requests for discs in to Martin, pronto!

Cheers all, Chris & Martin                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136544-1949b7905c4425d97582099498486d0d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016552 00000000000 014446  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Recep Tayyip Erdoğan spent yesterday talking. On Saturday, the authorities relented and withdrew the police from Taksim Square, when it became clear that serious clashes would be unavoidable. Crowds were approaching from four different directions and the police were trying to stop them before they reached the square, but they kept coming; at around 4 p.m. news came that the police were pulling back. Many thought that this might be tactical. In the end, however, the demonstrators had Taksim to themselves. On Sunday morning, under a drizzle, they peacefully cleaned up the square while Erdoğan made the rounds, denouncing the extremists, justifying his actions and defiantly repeating his commitment to overhaul the social and physical space of the meydan.

Taksim Square has been symbolic of Turkey’s Western aspirations: it is the centre of the European section of the city, adorned with a monument to the founders of the Republic where official ceremonies are held and officials lay wreaths. Trade unions and leftist organisations want to celebrate May Day there but the authorities have denied them the privilege more often than not. In truth, the symbolic value of Taksim far exceeds its aesthetic rewards: it is the busiest square in the city, but the buildings around it are an eclectic mix with no historical or architectural distinction; the park that the crowds are defending is not heavily used.

But this is not the point: the worry is that the Islamist neoliberal party that Erdoğan leads, the AKP, is rapidly becoming more Islamist and posing a real threat to secular urban middle-class lifestyles. Erdoğan’s increasingly imperious inclination aggravates the anxiety. His insistence on involving Turkey in Syria’s civil war was thought to be motivated by his Sunnism, and there was widespread fear that the country would get too involved in the Middle East – a fear vindicated in the explosions and loss of life on the border. The new legislation regulating the sale of alcohol was interpreted as a first step towards more serious restrictions, with some columnists speculating about the emergence of a regime, as in the Gulf, under which alcohol could be consumed only in tourist hotels. A young couple in Ankara’s metro were admonished for kissing over the PA system; people who protested against this policing of behaviour were physically attacked by conservative militants. Then the PM announced that the third bridge over the Bosphorus will be named after Yavuz Sultan Selim, the Ottoman sultan who ordered the massacre of 40,000 Alevis in the 16th century. Alevis, whom Sunnis have always regarded as unbelievers, make up between 10 and 15 per cent of Turkey’s population and it would be safe to guess that Erdoğan receives a negligible percentage of their votes. His supporters in the media tried to reassure the public that there was no nasty intention in the naming of the bridge, but Erdoğan did not bother to explain his supposed oversight. All this added to the sense of a growing Islamic authoritarianism bound to trample the secular ‘way of life’.

The ‘removal’ of trees in Gezi Park at first attracted a relatively small group of protesters, who saw it as a first step in Erdoğan’s plan to redesign Taksim. The police brutally gassed and beat up the few hundred people there, and the frustrations and fears of the much larger group worried about the increasingly authoritarian agenda of the PM found a channel of expression. Over the course of less than a week the crowd swelled to a million. On Saturday the crowds pouring in to the centre were mostly young and middle-class. University students dominated. In a city whose population has doubled in the last 25 years because of rural migration, they looked to be at least second-generation urban. I would be surprised if there were more than a handful of AKP voters among them.

Erdoğan always talks in the first person singular: they are his government, his project, his ministers and his people. In Taksim he wants to reconstruct a 19th- century army barracks, occupying roughly the same space as Gezi Park, which was demolished in the 1930s. He announced yesterday that the reconstructed building should be a hotel, because Istanbul’s success as a world city has led to a huge increase in the number of tourists and business travellers and there is a shortage of luxury hotels. There will also be some shops to cater to visitors. In other words, an appropriation of public space for business ends.

The Ottoman state was the ‘owner’ of all land that was not recognised as private; but this meant trusteeship, not alienable property. The neoliberal AKP, however, is all too happy to privatise public assets: displacing the inhabitants of shantytowns to make land available to developers; selling public land in Istanbul to construction firms to build middle-class housing; and now dispossessing the public of their trees and parks to build a private space for the global rich. Erdoğan thinks of public land as his property to alienate, develop and sell. Thus the two agendas intersect: on the one hand, Taksim Square will be transformed, bearing the stamp no longer of the westernising Republic but of an Islamic government harking back to Ottoman times. On the other, public space will be privatised in the true neoliberal manner. All this was justified yesterday within a retro developmentalist discourse: these doings were imperatives of economic growth, not the result of political decisions. After all, the PM said, wasn’t the economy doing well. This kind of thinking leaves no room for public discussion.

In his speeches yesterday and in a two-hour interview with a sympathetic anchorman, Erdoğan blamed ‘ideological’ agendas and the main opposition party for the demonstrations, said that ‘extremists’ and ‘a few marauders’ had radicalised the public, and threatened that if he had to, he could easily call his supporters onto the streets in greater numbers. Besides, he was the better environmentalist: he would be planting more trees than were removed (counting those that would be sequestered in the courtyard of the reconstructed barracks). The leitmotif was that he had the numbers. He defined his understanding of democracy as going to the polls every four years: everyone had to accept the verdict. Since his people had voted him in, he would serve them. Everyone had to respect the results and not object to the decisions of his legitimate government. Besides, how could anyone accuse him of not working for the good of his people. This principle held for public morality as well: people should respect the way of life of the majority and behave accordingly.

It is an almost perfect set-up. AKP has the numbers, and the owners of the media have to do business with the government. Newspapers and TV stations ignored the demonstrations until yesterday. There are a few critical columnists left; many have lost their jobs. There is no independent bourgeoisie: business cannot be conducted without the good will of the government. And, it has to be admitted, Erdoğan is a consummate politician. He does not delegate, he has full control of his party and all that the government does. There is no opposition politician who comes close to his monstrous appetite for politicking. The so-called social media and the brand of politics that characterises the younger generation, however, are a novel presence in the Turkish arena. This week will tell us more about their potential.                                                                                                                                                      0136593-95beb7b9df0c739b7fbdae399539c60e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002016 00000000000 015364  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Story highlights Fossil of mule-sized dinosaur with wings and feathers found in China

It's a close relative of the velociraptor

China has become a treasure trove for dinosaur hunters in recent decades

Beijing (CNN) Around 125 million years ago, a mule-sized dinosaur with a long tail and short, resplendently-feathered wings roamed a corner of what is now northeastern China.

Researchers revealed the discovery of Zhenyuanlong suni, a close relative of its far more famous cousin -- the velociraptor, after publishing a photo of a remarkably preserved fossil.

The relic shows the complete skeleton of the animal, as well as its skull displayed in profile. Clearly visible around the creature's short arms are a pattern of long feathers, which also appear to have decorated the dinosaur's tail.

"The cool thing here is that it is a dinosaur that looks a lot like a bird," says Stephen Brusatte, a Scotland-based paleontologist who is one of the co-authors of the report.

The discovery has left scientists with a question.

Read More                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136560-73e3f39f45bf01fd0e5976844d54e170.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002337 00000000000 014774  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Saginaw High School.JPG

Saginaw High School, 3100 Webber in Saginaw

(Lindsay Knake | MLive.com)

UPDATE:

SAGINAW, MI — Saginaw School District officials are considering a consolidation plan that would close Saginaw High School.

Superintendent Carlton Jenkins is giving a presentation to the Board of Education at 6 p.m. Monday, Feb. 3, regarding the future of Saginaw schools at the district's instructional center, 1505 Ottawa in Saginaw.

More than 70 people are in attendance, including State Sen. Roger Kahn, R-Saginaw Township.

In order to deal with a loss of students and a decline in funding, the district will look at a redesign process that includes closing Saginaw High School and Daniels Middle School and sending students to Arthur Hill High School and Thompson Middle School, respectively.

The plan includes changes throughout the district, including at the elementary school level.

The meeting is a planning session and the board will not take action tonight, said Board President Beverly Yanca.

On Wednesday, the board will have a special meeting. The venue is yet unknown, she said.

—

Lindsay Knake covers education for MLive/The Saginaw News. Follow her on twitter or contact her at 989-372-2498 or lknake@mlive.com.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0136635-729ac7707e1b5da9a919b358c842aa5f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004040 00000000000 015122  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In AD&D, where your treasure haul is limited by encumbrance, you need a way to increase encumbrance limits along with treasure hauls. Therefore there are 4 types of bags of holding in the AD&D DMG, with capacities of 250, 500, 1000, and 1500 pounds. In 4e, there is no assumption that weight limits for treasure will be a regular part of gameplay. Therefore, bags of holding need some other, more 4e-friendly ways to level up.

My old houserules for leveling magic items mean that every piece of magical treasure has the potential to gain power in ways that the players can’t predict. Furthermore, WOTC recently invented the concept of the “rare magic item,” but haven’t given us lots of examples. While some items may get mechanically better (for instance, a +1 sword becomes a +2 sword), it’s more challenging to improve items that don’t have numeric bonuses. I thought I’d go through the Wondrous Items in the 4e Player’s Handbook and give examples of how each could gain powers that reflect their history.

Pockets of Holding This bag of holding can be cut according to a specific eldritch pattern and sewn as pockets into six garments. Each pocket allows access to the same shared bag of holding.

The Pockets of Holding pattern was invented by an honorable adventuring party who wanted to share their healing potions, but later misused by a band of dwarven thieves who discovered their shoplifting applications.

Self-Holding Bag: The bag of holding-boosting ritual from Dragon 385 could as easily be a leveled magic item. This bag can be hidden in or removed from an extradimensional space as a minor action.

Seleris the Magician’s Bag of Holding

If you put one hand in the bag of holding (a minor action) you can transfer items from your other hand to the bag and vice versa as a free action.

Seleris the Magician used to put one hand in his pocket while doing conjuring tricks with his other hand. Due to his Bag of Holding and other magical trinkets, he developed a great reputation as a wizard without ever learning a single spell.

Tags: equipment                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136623-950a89a647e8a83cf5d178228706bd54.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001513 00000000000 014714  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        ADVERTISEMENT

“I don’t want to be melodramatic but I do want to be truthful. I believe without a shadow of a doubt this is the last election,” the former House Republican from Minnesota told the Christian Broadcasting Network this week.

Bachmann argued that Clinton as president would alter the demographics of the country to favor Democrats.

“It's a math problem of demographics and a changing United States,” she said.

She said Clinton will be able achieve her objective by giving "amnesty" to everyone living in the country illegally "so that Republicans will never again have the chance at winning Florida or Texas."

“It’s not going to happen," she claimed. "Hillary Clinton will ensure it won’t happen because she’s going to change the demographics of the United States so that no Republican will ever win again.”                                                                                                                                                                                     0136647-b6c715d21a4688fdb12262fc72776887.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014607 00000000000 014725  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Nearly two years after a video of U.S. Marines urinating on the corpses of suspected Taliban fighters in Afghanistan became an Internet sensation, the case has triggered a rare and escalating fight over the way the military sought to punish the service members who were implicated.

Maj. James Weirick, a Marine lawyer assigned to the case, is taking on the chief of the Marine Corps, Gen. James F. Amos, alleging that the criminal investigation was compromised after the commandant demanded harsh punishment for the suspects before they had their day in court.

In response, Weirick says, the Marine Corps has retaliated by removing him from his job, seizing his personal weapons and ordering him to get a mental health evaluation — steps he and his supporters call character assassination.

This week, Weirick took the fight a step further, charging in a complaint filed with the agency that oversees classification of secrets that senior Marine Corps officials improperly classified material that could have assisted defense attorneys for the Marines under investigation.

The case could hardly come at a worse time for the military justice system, which has come under searing criticism from activists and lawmakers who contend that commanders often exert undue influence in criminal investigations, particularly those involving sexual assault.

The urination scandal was among the embarrassing episodes for the Marine Corps during the last decade of war, calling into question the military’s ability to adequately investigate war crimes. Its muddled handling comes as Afghan officials are debating whether to support keeping U.S. troops in Afghanistan after 2014, which would require Kabul to extend immunity from prosecution by the Afghan authorities to U.S. forces that remain behind.

The military dropped its case against Capt. James V. Clement, the sole officer charged in the urination case in September, shortly before Weirick was to testify about his concerns. Three enlisted Marines who appear in the video have pleaded guilty to a range of charges that include wrongful possession of unauthorized photos of casualties and failure to report mistreatment of human casualties. Five other Marines received nonjudicial punishments.

With the criminal cases over, Weirick says he is now in a struggle for his career and livelihood.

“There won’t be a Weirick and an Amos in the Marine Corps at the end of this,” he said in an interview Friday night. “I’m not sure which one will remain, but it’s not clear we can both coexist.”

As the Defense Department inspector general reviews Weirick’s allegations, several retired Marine lawyers and a few members of Congress are rallying around the embattled officer.

“This has a foul odor at the highest level,” Rep. Walter B. Jones (R-N.C.), who has met with Weirick personally, said in an interview Friday. “This is an effort at the highest level to discredit a man of integrity.”

The Marine Corps says Weirick was not removed from his job in retaliation for being a whistleblower. The step was taken after Weirick sent an e-mail to a colleague he believed was under pressure to cover up lapses by senior officers, asking him to “come clean” about his actions in the probe.

Col. Sean Gibson, a Marine Corps spokesman, said in an e-mail that the message showed “poor judgment.” There was some question as to whether the language in the e-mail could be construed as threatening, according to military officials.

“The command is well aware of obligations to service members who have made protected communication to the Inspector General,” Gibson said. “The command has and will continue to meet these obligations.”

A spokesman for Amos said the commandant would not discuss the case.

“He respects the process by which the disputed issues will be sorted out, and he has full faith and confidence in his commanders to handle those matters within their purview,” said Lt. Col. David Nevers, the spokesman.

The saga began on January 2012, when a video of four Marines laughing as they urinated on the corpses of suspected insurgents was posted on YouTube. The video alarmed U.S. military officials in Afghanistan because it came shortly after deadly riots in the country sparked by the revelation that U.S. military personnel had burned Korans.

Weeks after the incident, Amos met with Lt. Gen. Thomas D. Waldhauser, who had been assigned to oversee the prosecution. In their conversation, Amos told Waldhauser that he wanted those responsible “crushed” and separated from the service, Waldhauser wrote in a court filing in July.

Waldhauser told Amos that he was considering a lesser form of punishment for some of the Marines. Amos soon replaced Waldhauser with another three-star general, saying he worried that their conversation could have been construed as undue command influence.

As the case moved forward, Weirick and other Marine officials protested when senior officers argued that the video and an investigative report ought to be classified in order to prevent leaks that could stoke further controversy in Afghanistan about the case.

“Tensions were running high in Afghanistan in the wake of the Koran burning and civilian casualties, posing serious operational and strategic threats,” Nevers said. “The decision to classify the materials was made in that crucial context.”

A Marine expert on classification expressed alarm at the time, writing in a March 14, 2012, e-mail to Weirick that the Marine Corps stood to look “like a box of buffoons” if the decisions to classify the video and report were litigated.

After Weirick started raising alarms about the way the case was being handled in the spring, he was reassigned. But he kept pushing the issue, he said, believing that the Marines under investigation deserved a fair proceeding. Beyond launching an inspector general’s probe, he said, the military has taken no action in response to his concerns, the major said.

This week, Weirick filed a complaint to the Information Security Oversight Office, which oversees classification procedures across the federal government. The former head of that office, J. William Leonard, endorsed his complaint.

“I am extremely concerned that the integrity of the classification system continues to be severely undermined by the complete absence of accountability in instances such as this clear abuse of classification authority,” he wrote in a letter to the agency’s directory, John P. Fitzpatrick.                                                                                                                         0136617-e8f57afe9ef41089565a8f74c8e2bdeb.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007452 00000000000 015400  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As members of Congress edge away from the Stop Online Piracy Act, leaders of the opposition can count among their most frequently used rhetorical tools a metaphor that has come to define this debate: SOPA = China.

The legislation would impose a “chilling internet censorship regime here in the U.S. comparable in some ways to China’s ‘Great Firewall,’” Wired wrote. Sergey Brin—who led G-Day, Google’s withdrawal from mainland China—said that the bills would “put us on a par with the most oppressive nations in the world.” Rebecca MacKinnon, an Internet-freedom expert who used to be journalist in Beijing, says they would impose a “censorship mechanism that is almost identical, technically, to the mechanism the Chinese use to censor their Internet.”

So, how does it all look to the people who actually live with it? In China, the reaction to American protests has ranged from sympathy to gentle Schadenfreude, as Chinese Web users try to sort out whether they are being held up as victims or patsies or pirates. After several years in which American diplomats have inveighed against Internet censorship in China, the proposals have inspired a bit of snickering. “The Great Firewall turns out to be a visionary product; the American government is trying to copy us,” one commentator wrote. A Chinese message making the rounds on Thursday said: “At last, the planet is becoming unified: We are ahead of the whole world, and the ‘American imperialists’ are racing to catch up.”

Fittingly, perhaps, the discussion has unfolded on Weibo, the Twitter-like micro-blogging site that has a team of censors on staff to trim posts with sensitive political content. That is the arrangement that opponents of the bill have suggested would be required of American sites if they are compelled to police their users’ content for copyright violations. On Weibo, joking about SOPA’s similarities to Chinese censorship was sensitive enough that some posts on the subject were almost certainly deleted (though it can be hard to know). But among those that survived, a commentator known as Dr. Zhang wrote: “I’ve come up with a perfect solution: You can come to China to download all your pirated media, and we’ll go to America to discuss politically sensitive subjects.”

There are, needless to say, differences of degree. While Chinese sites censor references to Tiananmen Square, Falun Gong, the Dalai Lama and other third-rail political issues, the force comes not in the act of censorship, but in the instances when prosecutions follow: the Chinese woman sentenced to a year of reform through labor for retweeting a joke, or the student detained for forwarding what authorities called a “rumor” about the murder of eight village officials. (h/t Isaac Stone Fish at Foreign Policy.)

After Chinese Web users got over the strangeness of hearing Americans debate the merits of screening the Web for objectionable content, they marvelled at the American response. Commentator Liu Qingyan wrote:

We should learn something from the way these American Internet companies protested against SOPA and PIPA. A free and democratic society depends on every one of us caring about politics and fighting for our rights. We will not achieve it by avoiding talk about politics.

There was little expectation that Chinese Web sites would ever band together to express their opposition to censorship: “Baidu, would you dare do something like this?” one asked.

The most eloquent response to the controversy, perhaps, was one that nobody saw at all. Commentator Shi Han wrote about trying to post a comment to Tencent, the giant Chinese portal. “I’ve written a short article about SOPA. But when I tried to put it up, Tencent replied with a message: ‘Your content has not passed review.’”

Photograph by Nelson Ching/Bloomberg via Getty Images.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136683-a2182c96698fd10affa5d91cee73675c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006467 00000000000 015231  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf -- a key U.S. ally -- is less popular in his own country than al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden, according to a poll of Pakistanis conducted last month by an anti-terrorism organization.

A hardline Islamic activist burns an American flag during anti-U.S. protests in Karachi, Pakistan, last month.

Additionally, nearly three-fourths of poll respondents said they oppose U.S. military action against al Qaeda and the Taliban inside Pakistan, according to results from the poll conducted by the independent polling organization Terror Free Tomorrow.

"We have conducted 23 polls all over the Muslim world, and this is the most disturbing one we have conducted," said Ken Ballen, the group's head. "Pakistan is the one Muslim nation that has nuclear weapons, and the people who want to use them against us -- like the Taliban and al Qaeda -- are more popular there than our allies like Musharraf."

The poll was conducted for Terror Free Tomorrow by D3 Systems of Vienna, Virginia., and the Pakistan Institute for Public Opinion. Interviews were conducted August 18-29, face-to-face with 1,044 Pakistanis across 105 urban and rural sampling points in all four provinces across the nation. Households were randomly selected.

According to poll results, bin Laden has a 46 percent approval rating. Musharraf's support is 38 percent. U.S. President George W. Bush's approval: 9 percent.

Asked their opinion on the real purpose of the U.S.-led war on terror, 66 percent of poll respondents said they believe the United States is acting against Islam or has anti-Muslim motivation. Others refused to answer the question or said they did not know.

"We failed in winning hearts and minds in Pakistan," Ballen told CNN. "In fact, only 4 percent said we had a good motivation in the war on terrorism."

Seventy-four percent said they oppose U.S. military action against al Qaeda and the Taliban inside Pakistan.

After American relief efforts following the October 2005 earthquake in Pakistan's Kashmir region, 46 percent of Pakistanis had a positive opinion of the United States, according to the poll. But as of last month, only 19 percent reported a favorable opinion.

Meanwhile, al Qaeda has a 43 percent approval rate; the Taliban has a 38 percent approval rate; and local radical extremist groups had an approval rating between 37 percent to 49 percent.

Views of U.S. could improve, responses indicate

There were a few bright spots in the poll results, however. Opposition leader Benazir Bhutto -- a relatively moderate and progressive figure, as well as a woman -- had a 63 percent approval rating.

Seventy-five percent of poll respondents said suicide bombings are rarely or never justified.

And a majority of Pakistanis said their opinion of the United States would improve if, among other things, there were increases in American aid to Pakistan, American business investments and the number of visas issued for Pakistanis to work in the United States.

Terror Free Tomorrow is a non-partisan, nonprofit group in Washington, D.C., and according to its Web site is "the only organization dedicated to a new strategic vision: Leading the fight against terror by winning the popular support that empowers global terrorists." E-mail to a friend

CNN Analyst Peter Bergen contributed to this report.

All About Osama bin Laden                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136634-af39bf5440a00ca3629071c8db7044ae.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006217 00000000000 015076  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        “Tánaiste, over the lifetime of this Government, there have been a number of serious concerns, regarding probity and accountability and today I want to discuss another one that I believe merits scrutiny and that is the awarding of the call centre work for Irish Water to the Cork-based company Abtran. I know you’ll recall that Abtran was the company that got the contract for the SUSI grant system and it came under serious criticism, and rightly so, for its failing and it cost an additional almost €6million. And despite that, it went on to get, it was awarded the property tax contract. And then Revenue had to step in because it failed to cope initially.”

“Yet, after both of those high-profile failings, it was awarded the call centre work for Irish Water. We also know that Abtran has at least 10 other Government and public contracts. Now one of the criteria for the tendering process for the Irish Water contract was that the company had to have a turnover of €20million for the preceding three years. And given that it had a number of lucrative State contracts, prior to the Irish Water contract, the State certainly improved Abtran’s ability to meet the criteria laid down in the process. What’s interesting here is the way it was awarded, the way the contract was awarded and the obvious questions it raises about probity and the awarding of the contract.”

“Now Tánaiste, through Freedom of Information, I’ve established that on the 15th of February, 2012, the then minister [for the Environment] Phil Hogan’s private secretary received a fairly informal email seeking a meeting with Phil in order to lobby on behalf of Abtran. On the same day, at 5pm, an email was sent saying that the minister had agreed to meet the company. On the 27th of February, on the same year, we know that, through the work from Gavin Sheridan’s minister’s diary, that they met, that the minister met both the person who sent the original lobbying email, Mr O’Byrne – the co-owner of Abtran. In March, 2013, that company was then awarded the metering [sic] contract.”

“The Irish Water call centre contract, Tanaiste, as you know, is a very lucrative contract. It’s worth in the region of €50million over four years. And we know through the Freedom of Information that one of the key criteria was that the awarding of the contract, the firm that the contract was awarded to, had to have a proven track record. Now I presume that means a good track record – so the questions I want to ask you are: Are you satisfied that despite a very public failings of Abtran in relation to the SUSI scheme and the property tax scheme that they were still awarded an extremely lucrative contract by the State? Given the criteria? Are you aware that in 2015, late 2015, a State investment vehicle, also invested an undisclosed sum of money into Abtran? Do you know what that money is for? Do you know how much that was? And are you concerned about what appears to be the favouring of Abtran for Government funds?”

Social Democrat TD Catherine Murphy for Kildare North speaking in the Dáil during Leaders’ Questions in the last few minutes.

More to follow.

Previously: Contains Impurities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0136638-485b2c559d61f29d0391368bd91786a3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004316 00000000000 014643  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Collection UmphreysMcGee

01 Intro

02 Sonatina No. 1 Op 32 - Dmitry Kabalevsky]

03 Pour Le Piano Suite: Piano Prelude - Claude Debussy

04 In Memory Of My Father - Bill Evans

05 Doctor Gradus Ad Parnassum - Claude Debussy

06 Linus And Lucy - Vince Guaraldi

07 Improv >

08 Orfeo - Umphrey's McGee

09 More Intros

10 Burn Them - Greensky Bluegrass *

11 In The Kitchen - Umphrey's McGee *@

12 Feelin' Alright - Joe Cocker *@



* w/ Paul Hoffman - Mandolin & Anders Beck - Dobro

@ w/ Jason Hann - Percussion

Notes

Joel Cummins

Tuesday January 06, 2015

Jam Cruise 13

Miami, FL





Source: AKG 391b (PAS) > Zoom H6 (24/96)

Location: DFC, 20' from stage @ 7'

Lineage: Wavelab 6 > r8brain PRO > CD Wave Editor (FLAC6)





Set:

01 Intro

02 Sonatina No. 1 Op 32 - Dmitry Kabalevsky]

03 Pour Le Piano Suite: Piano Prelude - Claude Debussy

04 In Memory Of My Father - Bill Evans

05 Doctor Gradus Ad Parnassum - Claude Debussy

06 Linus And Lucy - Vince Guaraldi

07 Improv >

08 Orfeo - Umphrey's McGee

09 More Intros

10 Burn Them - Greensky Bluegrass *

11 In The Kitchen - Umphrey's McGee *@

12 Feelin' Alright - Joe Cocker *@



* w/ Paul Hoffman - Mandolin & Anders Beck - Dobro

@ w/ Jason Hann - Percussion





FFP:

joelcummins2015-01-06t01.flac:ba23f56cdcd56d8725275c4bc8c04a6d

joelcummins2015-01-06t02.flac:bc1f90d855bfa14c40e45265b3ee0970

joelcummins2015-01-06t03.flac:6137ac2a42c267c31b2e554e5c3181dd

joelcummins2015-01-06t04.flac:344b225a1e4d110b125f958d368ecc04

joelcummins2015-01-06t05.flac:e59ac9bade13ff7291e5ab94ad21d873

joelcummins2015-01-06t06.flac:245e60388a702dc0d14c79f0941a5b70

joelcummins2015-01-06t07.flac:bc8d09e37812b1057548bebd6fc315e6

joelcummins2015-01-06t08.flac:bc92dc8b3110a2f456844761b96345ac

joelcummins2015-01-06t09.flac:fd1b4f754dac58b809d4bed620696ef8

joelcummins2015-01-06t10.flac:11d6b63219e86ca35452620ada56f350

joelcummins2015-01-06t11.flac:24657ce07e2b8ff9e54ecb4870e9144a

joelcummins2015-01-06t12.flac:1ca3c1d7ea5fdabba66292ab45775bea

Identifier joelcummins2015-01-06.akg391b.flac16 Lineage Wavelab 6 > r8brain PRO > CD Wave Editor (FLAC6) Location Miami, FL Source AKG 391b (PAS) > Zoom H6 (24/96) Taped by James E Transferred by BlingFree Type sound Venue Jam Cruise 13 Year 2015                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136655-a92721c2b2b4f90b1ee4dfd837f593e6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005422 00000000000 015206  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        by Michael Keller

Korean trams and buses are moving away from overhead power wires and high-voltage third rails–literally.

Researchers at the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST) have made major advances in wireless power transfer for mass transit systems. The fruits of their labor, systems called On-line Electric Vehicles (OLEV), are already being road tested around Korea.

At it’s heart, the technology uses inductive coupling to wirelessly transmit electricity from power cables embedded in roadways to pick-up coils installed under the floor of electric vehicles.

The work was hailed as one of the year’s top 10 emerging technologies by the World Economic Forum this week.

Engineers say the transmitting technology supplies 180 kW of stable, constant power at 60 kHz to passing vehicles that are equipped with receivers. The initial OLEV models above received 100 kW of power at 20 kHz through an almost eight-inch air gap. They have recorded 85 percent transmission efficiency through testing so far.

(A concept drawing for an OLEV tram. Courtesy KAIST.)

The wireless electricity that powers the vehicle’s motors and systems is also used to charge an on-board battery that supplies energy to the vehicle when it is away from the power line.

KAIST plans to start deploying the OLEV technology to tramlines in May and high-speed trains in September.

“We have greatly improved the OLEV technology from the early development stage by increasing its power transmission density by more than three times,” said Dong-Ho Cho, the director of KAIST’s Center for Wireless Power Transfer Technology Business Development, in a release. “The size and weight of the power pickup modules have been reduced as well. We were able to cut down the production costs for major OLEV components, the power supply, and the pickup system, and in turn, OLEV is one step closer to being commercialized.”

The institute announced that buses equipped with the wireless power transfer technology are already used daily by students on the KAIST campus in Daejeon, while others are undergoing road tests in Seoul. Two more OLEV buses will begin trial operations in the city of Gumi in July.

Proponents say that the technology banishes overhead power lines and rails for electric trams and buses, dramatically lowers the costs of railway wear and tear and allows smaller tunnels to be built for electric vehicle infrastructure, lowering construction costs.

(An OLEV shuttle bus that provides rides to students and faculty on the KAIST campus in Daejeon. Courtesy Hyung-Joon Jeon/KAIST.)

Top Image: KAIST and Korea Railroad Research Institute displayed wireless power transfer technology to the public on Feb. 13 by testing it on railroad tracks at Osong Station in Korea. Photo courtesy Hyung-Joon Juen/KAIST.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0136678-ab1269388cd6d6e47f87c43021c7b4e6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013447 00000000000 015066  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Fuel Shortages And The North Korean Economy, Explained

Enlarge this image toggle caption Wong Maye-E/AP Wong Maye-E/AP

In his latest tweet about North Korea, President Trump gave leader Kim Jong Un a new nickname — "Rocket Man" — and seems to indicate he thinks sanctions on the country are working: "Long gas lines forming in North Korea. Too bad!" Trump wrote.

But are they, really? And what, if anything, could that tell us about the North Korean economy right now?

Here's what we know: North Korea gets most of its oil from China. "It's a clear fact that North Korea is being managed by China, up to the point that it can survive on it," Yang Moo-jin, a professor at Seoul's University of North Korean Studies, told the Hankook Ilbo newspaper.

A week ago, the United Nations Security Council passed resolution 2375, which sanctions North Korea for its nuclear and missile programs. The U.S. claims the latest "toughest yet" sanctions, after implementation, could cut down by 30 percent the oil products going to North Korea and by extension, dampen the North Korean economy.

Are gas lines forming in Pyongyang?

Not right now, according to the North Korea monitoring website NK News, whose staff and sources include many current and former North Koreans. It reported Monday that "long lines of vehicles waiting to refuel have not been recently observed" in Pyongyang, with this photo. The Washington Post's sources inside the capital city echoed the sentiment: "We are not aware of any long queues at the gas stations," a resident said.

But, it seems gas prices have been going up since April, according to the Associated Press, which runs a bureau in Pyongyang. That was following a previous U.N. sanctions package that was also dubbed the "toughest yet." In late April, the AP reported a shortage began when "signs went up ... informing customers that sales restrictions would be in place until further notice. At least one station was charging more than $5 a gallon, about double the typical price of a week ago."

Last week, ahead of the new sanctions, NK News' sources in Pyongyang said they faced new restrictions on filling up jerrycans for extra supplies and a number of gas stations closed across the city.

As we learned in high school economics, price has an inverse relationship to supply. But that's in a market economy. North Korea's economy is technically state-run and supposed to be "collectivized," but prices could matter here because the black market economy is increasingly market-driven.

"It is illegal; it is informal; it corresponds to basic human needs; and it is 100 percent capitalist," authors Daniel Tudor and James Pearson write, in their book, North Korea Confidential.

What might explain a shortage, if there is one?

North Korea could be deliberately storing up its fuel supplies for lean times later, and/or China could actually be tightening up its supplies of fuel to North Korea, as it supplies most of it to the energy-poor country. In the same April report, the AP reported from Pyongyang that "rumors are rife that Beijing is behind the shortage."

Kent Boydston, who analyzes the North Korean economy for the Peterson Institute for International Economics, suspects that's the case: "Supposedly China has been cutting off refined oil for the last few months, whether for market reasons, or political reasons, so this could be why gasoline prices have shot up since I think about April. I would suspect that given the uncertainty now, the DPRK [North Korean] government may be hoarding gasoline even more, which could make prices go up even higher. So given the trajectory of where things are going, I would expect high gas prices and long lines."

How reliable an indicator are gas lines, anyway?

Since the standard economic metrics aren't accessible or available for North Korea, the price of gas is just one of many indicators to take into account to get a sense of the big picture.

While Pyongyang has fewer gas stations than other major cities because only the elite class of North Koreans owns private vehicles, "there is ample evidence suggesting there are more cars on the road than in years past," Boydston says. "It's worth noting, too, that even if private cars are still not that common, there are an increasing number of taxis on the road." So if lines were indeed forming, that's one thing to watch.

And the gas used to power cars is just one kind of fuel. The type the U.S. and its allies may really want to limit isn't diesel or petroleum, reports The New York Times. It's a potent rocket fuel called UDMH, short for unsymmetrical dimethyl hydrazine. Halting or sabotaging North Korea's UDMH could "slow the North's program," William Broad and David Sanger write.

What other indicators can tell us about how the North Korean economy is faring under sanctions?

North Korea observers are watching the country's currency, the won. In theory, if sanctions were applied effectively, prices would go up and lead to currency devaluation. That could result in a currency crisis, as North Korea has faced before.

But despite rounds of sanctions meant to hit North Korea where it hurts, the North Korean economy maintains stable.

"Quite honestly, I'm not sure how the North Koreans are doing it," Boydston says, about the currency staying stable for the past four years. "Part of it could be that the markets in North Korea are confident that sanctions won't be enforced in a way that will disrupt them, reflecting a belief that China is not really going to clamp down on them. Typically countries can just buy and sell foreign exchange and you can see what they are doing to maintain a stable currency, but in North Korea they don't have access to these kind of international foreign exchange markets so if they are waging a massive monetary policy intervention to keep it stable, I have no idea how they are doing it."

Jihye Lee contributed to this post.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136618-fc662bf2c14304f4fa3ca8a60bca1293.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001702 00000000000 015227  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        YOUR ADVENTURE STARTS HERE

The TransAmerica Trail is the cross-country adventure ride of a lifetime with mostly off-pavement travel. From scenic vistas and unique attractions to rough terrain and challenging conditions, the TAT presents every rider with the opportunity for an unforgettable journey and memories that will last a lifetime. Depending on the weather and location, riders may face challenges including mud, sand, snow, and rocks among others. As the trail is made up of dirt, gravel, forest, farm, and brief sections of paved roads, The TAT may be traversed using either a dual-sport motorcycle or a 4×4 vehicle. Do you yearn for adventure and exploration? Do you love meeting people, making memories, and experiencing new things? Are you an experienced rider with a love for both motorcycles and challenges? Begin your journey today with the official TAT maps, roll-charts, or GPS tracks available in a bundle or individually in the online store.                                                              0136658-c7310c13fe4a497de7cd7d4c9cf29eac.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003253 00000000000 015432  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        I love avocados and think they—like all fruits and vegetables—are just fine to eat.

But avocado trade associations want us to eat more avocados.

A reporter sent me correspondence from an executive from a public relations firm that must represent some such trade association. Over a period of about a month, the PR person sent the reporter four emails. Here is message #4:

Subject: New avocado research just in time for American Heart Month Sorry for the nudge – I just wanted to check in one more time to see if you’re working on any heart health related stories in which avocados could be a fit. If so, I thought your readers may find this research helpful. Either way, please let me know and I will stop bugging you 😊

The previous three messages extolled the heart-healthy benefits of eating avocados and offered to connect the reporter to a dietitian (identified by name) “for a phone or email interview to discuss this further and answer any questions.”

None of the messages stated who the PR firm or dietitian were working for.

But take a look at the research article.

The study’s conclusion: “Incorporating fresh Hass avocados in meals can help people achieve dietary recommendations to eat more fruits and vegetables and simple substitution strategies with avocados for carbohydrates can add to the nutrient diversity of the diet and potentially have important cardio-metabolic benefits worthy of investigating further.”

No surprise: “This research was supported by the Hass Avocado Board, Irvine, CA, USA.” One of the authors “is a member of Avocado Nutrition Science Advisory.”

The reporter’s response to all this, and I quote: “AAAAHGGHGHGH.”

Mine too.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136630-c427b9fbf7f2a026d7ef1e8ac3bddf2a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007721 00000000000 015553  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Although Tehran would prefer a totally different political establishment in the United States, it prefers one American presidential candidate to the others: Democratic Senator Bernie Sanders. It bases its preference on candidates’ view of the nuclear deal, and their policies toward the Middle East, particularly Syria, Israel, Iraq and the Gulf.

Tehran would rather see a Democrat than a Republican as the next U.S. president. At one time there were minimal differences between the parties’ views on Iran, but in the last few years the gap has widened.

Democrats are more likely to honor the nuclear deal, which Iran needs to push the U.N. Security Council to lift crippling economic sanctions. This will enhance its legitimacy globally, which will facilitate its trade and military activities in other nations.

Since the odds appear to favor a Democratic victory in the 2016 election, bilateral ties are more likely to improve or at least not worsen. Dr. Majid Rafizadeh

Republicans view Iran’s increasing influence in the Middle East as a national security threat. They tend to criticize Tehran more harshly than Democrats for its increasing military activities in Iraq and Syria. Democratic candidates prefer to reduce American boots on the ground in Iraq and Afghanistan, and turn a blind eye to what will fill the resulting vacuum.

Democrats believe in further rapprochement with Tehran. With a Democratic president, Tehran will feel empowered to leverage its legitimacy and ratchet up its global position. Democrats view positively Iran’s fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS). This is a short-term vision, ignoring the long-term consequences of Tehran’s military involvements and support for Shiite proxies across the region.

The candidates’ views on Iran’s rival Israel is critical. While both parties publicly support Israel, Democrats have recently had strained ties with it due to their leanings toward the nuclear deal and further rapprochement with Tehran.

Engagement

Democrats tend to prefer isolationism to more engagement in the region. From Tehran’s perspective, a U.S. withdrawal creates a vacuum that can be filled by it or its Shiite proxies. Also, due to ISIS and the latest regional developments, Democrats lean more toward the idea of Iranian leadership in the region than Arab leadership. For Tehran, a Democratic president will tip the regional balance of power in its favor.

Sanders subscribes to these views, and is much more left-leaning than the other Democratic candidates Hillary Clinton and Martin O’Malley. Sanders is isolationist and in favor of negotiating with Tehran. In the last Democratic debate, he emphasized the role of Iran. He is the only candidate who has frequently and strongly stressed the idea of cooperating with Tehran to deal with regional issues.

Clinton prefers more U.S. regional engagement. For example, she favors a no-fly zone in Syria, which would threaten Tehran’s interests there. Sanders focuses on domestic issues, and seeks to emulate European countries’ domestic and foreign policies. It follows then that if he becomes president, there would be improved U.S.-Iranian ties since European nations enjoy better ties with Tehran than Washington.

Since the odds appear to favor a Democratic victory in the 2016 election, bilateral ties are more likely to improve or at least not worsen.

__________

Dr. Majid Rafizadeh is an Iranian-American scholar, author and U.S. foreign policy specialist. Rafizadeh is the president of the International American Council. He serves on the board of Harvard International Review at Harvard University and Harvard International Relations Council. He is a member of the Gulf 2000 Project at Columbia University, School of International and Public Affairs. Previously he served as ambassador to the National Iranian-American Council based in Washington DC. He can be contacted at: Dr.Rafizadeh@post.harvard.edu, or on Twitter: @Dr_Rafizadeh

Last Update: Friday, 25 December 2015 KSA 11:30 - GMT 08:30                                               0136648-6e3cd3a66209d836474c3a64af0764b3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015117 00000000000 014765  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        About three years ago, South Los Angeles resident Ron Finley got fed up with having to drive more than half an hour to find a ripe, pesticide-free tomato. So he decided to plant a vegetable garden in the space between the sidewalk and street outside of his home, located in the working-class neighborhood where he grew up, surrounded by fast food restaurants, liquor stores and other not-so-healthy options.

When the City of Los Angeles told him to stop, based on the old laws that said just trees and lawn could be planted on those skinny strips of urban land, Finley, who is a fashion designer and Blaxploitation memorabilia collector by day, quickly rose to fame as southern California's “guerilla gardener.” By founding a nonprofit called L.A. Green Grounds, whose monthly “dig-ins” feature hundreds of volunteers turning overlooked pieces of urban land into forests of food, Finley became the face of a public campaign against the city, which owns roughly 26 square miles of vacant lots that he believes could fit nearly one billion tomato plants. The city listened, and is now in the final stages of changing the rules to allow fruits and veggies to be planted along sidewalks.

“I'm pretty proud of that,” said Finley, who recently answered a few more questions for Smithsonian.com.

You've called South Los Angeles a “food desert,” a term I've started hearing all over the place. Can you tell me more about what that means?

I call them food prisons, because you're basically captured with your food system. There is no healthy food to be found. Food, if you want to call it that, is literally killing us very slowly. It's all sprayed and genetically modified and pressed and formed and processed. These areas are devoid of any kind of organic, healthy, nutritious food. There's not even a sit-down restaurant where you can have a nice meal prepared. That's what a food desert is. You can go for miles without having anything healthy to eat.

Is this a new phenomenon?

It's nothing new. It's been going on for years. It's just that now we have this proliferation of cancers and asthma and chronic illness. And then you have all these other people who can attest to food being their salvation. We have never heard of half these cancers, and a lot of it has to do with what we put into our bodies. It's like soil to a plant—if you don't have nutrients in that soil, the plant is going to get sick and die.

Why did you confront this issue by planting gardens along sidewalks?

My thing is like, “Flip the script.” Let's start something new. Let's create a new model. Why are we growing grass? What's the purpose of that, when you need to eat? When you have water shortages, why would you water grass? It's more labor intensive, you mow it, and you throw it away. You could be using less energy and growing food and developing an ecosystem that attracts beneficial butterflies, and bees, and hummingbirds. You're creating an ecosystem where everything is linked. Why do I do this? Because we are nature. Everyone tries to separate us from nature. People think nature is over there, that you go drive to nature. Nah, we're organic matter too, just like leaves.

Did your background as a fashion designer give you any special talents to tackle this issue?

I'm a human being. That's my background! I need to eat healthy food. If it's not there, you put it there, you build it. It was an inconvenience for me to get healthy food, so what better way to make it convenient than to grow it myself? In that, there is a multitude of learning possibilities, from meditation to learning systems to understanding that you can't just go from A to M. There's a system you have to follow, and gardening teaches that. Gardening is a metaphor for everything that happens in life. We're all gardeners. Some of us just forgot about it. It was the first job ever.

Why was the City of Los Angeles initially opposed to the sidewalk gardens?

Because of archaic laws. It happened because the system was not able to adapt fast enough to the current situations. But how long have these neighborhoods gone without triage? The neighborhood must do triage on itself. You don't wait for the saviors to come in. You are the guys and gals on the white horse. You've got to fix it yourself.

Have they come around?

The law in L.A. has been amended, due in large part to some people who championed what I'm doing, and the city seeing that this needs to happen. The ordinance is basically done; they're just fine-tuning what edibles you can plant.

Do the neighbors respect the sidewalk gardens? I would worry about people stealing food or trashing them.

The bottom line is that if it's on the street, like if you leave something on the curb, you are basically giving it away. So that's what happens. But you can't eat all the food you grow. It's impossible. You'd be eating all day and all night.

As far as people respecting them, most do. You have some haters, but haters make you famous. That's why you're talking to me.

Usually when people see one of my gardens, it engages them. They say that they don't see hummingbirds in their neighborhood, that they don't see butterflies. If you build it, they will come. It turns out to be a sanctuary.

I'd imagine some folks don't even recognize vegetables, because we are so removed from food farming.

They don't, especially the way I plant. I don't plant in rows. My gardens are more for aesthetics as far as look and appeal. I want beauty. I want color pops. I want different kinds of flowers, different smells and textures. A lot of people don't see it as a vegetable garden, but I think vegetable gardens are for the most part not attractive. Nothing in nature is straight.

You are also working on a new project?

It's a container café concept, with a café [called The Ron Finley Project] attached to a garden. I am putting the first one up on property that I have in South L.A., and then will scale them out for global domination. I am bringing healthy food to the community and showing people how to grow it and cook it. It will be a cafe where people can come to have lessons, to eat, to rent garden plots.

And people seem to be into your message too.

It's needed, and it's happening around the world, from North Africa to Newfoundland to Australia to England to South Florida. It's happening everywhere, in every place, and in between. People want their food system back. People want to touch the soil. They want to get back to nature. This society, with computers and cell phones and LinkedIn and Facebook, it's gotten us so far away from the food system that the system was hijacked. But food shouldn't kill you, it should heal.

See RonFinley.com and LAGreenGrounds.org.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0136627-e5a4bfaf51b82da7b7ee28e7ca513cb2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004256 00000000000 015473  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Melissa Click and the University of Missouri are taking their cases to the court of public opinion.

On the same day the ex-MU assistant communications professor penned a Washington Post defense of her actions – which included assaulting a student journalist and yelling profanities at a police officer – the governing board that fired her pushed back, telling the Association of American University Professors on Thursday that Click’s ouster was demanded because “existing university procedures failed to address the seriousness of [her] conduct.”

Click claims she didn’t get due process before The University of Missouri System’s governing board fired her last month. Her appeal of that decision was rejected Tuesday.

In the Post piece, Click takes responsibility for her actions – which occurred during campus protests over perceived racial inequality at MU – however, she also excuses them as the deeds of someone who had “inexperience with public protests.”

She added, “But I do not understand the widespread impulse to shame those whose best intentions unfortunately result in imperfect actions. What would our world be like if no one ever took a chance? What if everyone played it safe?”

Click said her situation raised “broader cultural, ethical and legal questions about how surveillance and social media significantly impact the terrain of public engagement.”

Her confrontation with a student journalist attempting to cover campus protests in November was caught on the journalist’s camera. Her incident with police in October, at the university’s homecoming parade, was caught on an officer’s bodycam, and the footage was obtained by The Missourian. Both videos quickly made the rounds on social media.

“Whose interests are served when our drive to combat societal imperfections is defeated by fears of having our individual imperfections exposed?” she wrote in The Post.

The AAUP is investigating the circumstances surrounding Click’s firing. The UM board replied to the group’s concerns in a letter, instead of meeting with the association’s three-person investigative committee, The Missourian reported.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136682-6257eec95c9faf644d8a9b489a072824.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006640 00000000000 015075  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        New Westminster is the host of Canada’s largest one-day food truck street festival, with over 70 trucks lining Columbia Street. The coveted food event happened this past Saturday, August 22 and the crowds came in droves to check out the Lower Mainland’s best food trucks.

Below are 25 photos of the Columbia StrEAT Food Truck Festival in New Westminster:

Love this view of #ColumbiaStrEAT from @the_royal_city!!!!! Killer capture A photo posted by Downtown New West (@downtownnewwest) on Aug 22, 2015 at 8:51pm PDT

@fliptoptruck had a live r&b singer while you wait for your order. Enjoyed the fliptop rice bowl #ColumbiaStrEAT #NewWest A photo posted by TheNetworkHub.ca (@thenetworkhub) on Aug 22, 2015 at 9:37pm PDT

#Repost @maplejax58 with @repostapp. ・・・ Food trucks #columbiastreat A photo posted by Neille Food Truck (@neillechubbymama) on Aug 23, 2015 at 1:19pm PDT

Columbia StrEAT #columbiastrEAT #columbiastreatfoodtruckfestival A photo posted by Julia Marquez (@juliagraymarquez) on Aug 23, 2015 at 12:09pm PDT

Some of the other food we ate last night, including what we took home for a late-night snack. #columbiastrEAT #foodtruckfest #newwest #stillfull #yum A photo posted by @whitney.chand on Aug 23, 2015 at 9:09am PDT

Freshly made #crepe with home made #nutella & #banana @cestsibontruck A photo posted by Chee Yong (@nu350) on Aug 23, 2015 at 8:46am PDT

Chicken tacos @ the pepper pot A photo posted by Chee Yong (@nu350) on Aug 23, 2015 at 12:41am PDT

Heaven in a sandwich. Food ventures with the ultimate foodie @vonhammershark . #ColumbiaStrEAT A photo posted by Eleia A (@alwayseleia) on Aug 22, 2015 at 9:11pm PDT

#ColumbiaStrEAT #FoodTruck #Fest #TatersPotatoes #TennesseeChilli A photo posted by Ricky D (@_rickydeeeee) on Aug 22, 2015 at 8:47pm PDT

Not just for hopscotchers! A photo posted by Mayette (@missmayette) on Aug 22, 2015 at 7:19pm PDT

@dragonTruck #roamingdragon # veggie rice balls #ColumbiaStrEAT #columbiastreatfoodtruckfestival A photo posted by Tara Cristofoli (@cowichan_contessa) on Aug 22, 2015 at 7:43pm PDT

@eatmogu #ColumbiaStrEAT # sweet & spicy # chicken karaage # mogu # first course #columbiastreatfoodtruckfestival A photo posted by Tara Cristofoli (@cowichan_contessa) on Aug 22, 2015 at 7:36pm PDT

Blackberry Sage ice cream and a beautiful view to end the day @vonhammershark #ColumbiaStrEAT A photo posted by Eleia A (@alwayseleia) on Aug 22, 2015 at 9:22pm PDT

Poutine from a food truck??… Heck yes!! Had an awesome time at the #ColumbiaStrEAT #foodtruckfestival last night. The crowds were insane, but the food was amazing ! #newwest A photo posted by Tara Haarhoff (@thaarhoff) on Aug 23, 2015 at 9:01am PDT

Cést si bon at Colombia StrEAT food truck fest in downtown New Westminster #newwest #foodtruck #frenchfood #columbiastreat A photo posted by gdr (@geoffreyrawlinson) on Aug 22, 2015 at 9:14pm PDT

HEY YOU! Sign Up to our Newsletter for exclusive content, contests, and perks.

DH Vancouver Staff Daily Hive is the evolution of Vancity Buzz, established in Vancouver in 2008. In 2016, the publication rebranded and opened newsrooms in Calgary, Toronto, and Montreal. Send story tips to @DailyHiveVan @DailyHiveVancouver Daily Hive is the evolution of Vancity Buzz, established in Vancouver in 2008. In 2016, the publication rebranded and opened newsrooms in Calgary, Toronto, and Montreal. Send story tips to [email protected]

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.                                                                                                0136709-dac26d0b19123609d8f591434fdd2fee.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005472 00000000000 015205  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        EDIT: You may prefer to install the entire haskell platform in one go, which includes cabal. Detailed instructions can be found here.

Recently I’ve begun to learn Haskell, the lazy functional language. Haskell is backed by a large library of packages, called Hackage. On Hackage, libraries and programs in a wide variety of genres are available for download. In order to simplify the download and install process for these packages a tool was born to allow command line grab/install maneuver. Think apt-get for Haskell.

The tool in question is called cabal, and it’s quite useful during Haskell development. Unfortunately, I’ve run into some issues while using it, mainly to do with resolving dependencies. I’ll get to that later.

Installing Cabal

Installing cabal was not as straight-forward as I had hoped. I first went to the offical cabal download page, to see what my options were. The only option on that page was to download a tarball and install it by hand. Of course, having been pampered by the power of apt-get, I figured there had to be a better way. Unfortunately, it seems as there is not. No cabal package exists in the Ubuntu repositories. I downloaded the tarball and prepared to install. The install from the tarball was painless as manual installs go, but unfortunately I had to resolve multiple dependencies to get the build to succeed. Here were the steps I took:

#get our dependant libraries (this assumes we already have ghc6 installed) sudo apt-get install libghc6-network-dev libghc6-parsec-dev libghc6-mtl-dev libghc6-zlib-dev #grab the source wget http://haskell.org/cabal/release/cabal-install-0.6.2/cabal-install-0.6.2.tar.gz #untar it tar -xvvf cabal-install-0.6.2.tar.gz #install it sh cabal-install-0.6.2/bootstrap.sh #link the executable into our path sudo ln -s $HOME/.cabal/bin/cabal /usr/local/bin/cabal

Using Cabal

Cabal is not limited to simply downloading libraries. It can also allow you to easily create libraries of your own and upload them to Hackage, and also build projects (similar to make).

cabal --help will bring up your main options, which is always a good starting place. Let’s look at installing a package using cabal.

cabal install [package-name] installs the given package name. This should be very familiar to anyone who has used a package manager such as apt-get.

cabal list [string] is like apt-cache; it searches Hackage for packages pertaining to the string you entered.

Explore! Have fun! there’s plenty more features of cabal that I won’t be covering now, yet are plenty awesome.

Problems

I’ve had some strange dependency issues; for example, installing bloxorz –

cabal install bloxorz

gives me an error while trying to build a dependency that in turn depends on a C library which is not auto-resolved. Fun. Fortunately, such errors seem to be few and far between.

Advertisements                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136628-5b1310809f3325d7cd18cc008ed9cd8a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002711 00000000000 015110  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Ricky Hatton: Now a respected trainer, manager and promoter

Sky Sports has been told there is 'no story' behind the rumours that Ricky Hatton is about to make a return to the ring.

Speculation has been building for some time that Hatton's new training regime has led him to rethink his retirement from the sport.

The Daily Star on Wednesday reported Hatton would make his comeback in November against Paul Malignaggi as part of a two-fight deal.

But Hatton's agent Paul Speak effectively ruled out a comeback, saying the former world champion was merely enjoying a cleaner lifestyle.

"People are speculating but he is just keeping fit and has not made any decision on a comeback. There's no story," he said.

The 'Hitman' has not fought since he was knocked out in the second round by Manny Pacquiao more than three years ago.

And while Hatton, now 33, was loathe to end his stellar career on such a low note, he admitted last year that retirement was the only option.

However, with drink and drug problems firmly behind him, the former light-welterweight and welterweight champion has got himself in fighting shape.

Hatton is forging a successful promotions business while also acting as trainer and manager to several upcoming fighters in Manchester.

But it was thought he might be lured into a big-money clash with former victim Malignaggi, the current WBA welterweight title holder who has been calling out the Hitman, seeking revenge for his lop-sided defeat in 2008.                                                       0136633-4257c12f84d221e19698d671fb6b304c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017241 00000000000 014702  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Loitering outside the Dakota apartment building on West 72 Street, New York City, on the night of December 7, 1980 - thirty years ago next week - Mark Chapman couldn’t have selected a more famous victim through whom to demonstrate his insanity. Within hours of his five bullets pumping into the back of John Lennon, as he returned home from a recording studio at just before eleven o’clock, Chapman’s name had gone around a world convulsed with shock and grief.

The Beatles had connected with hundreds of millions though their music, but Lennon, largely by dint of his confrontational individuality, had been the one mostly admired, the one who seemed to reflect the attitude of his generation.

Yet as he lay dying, and his killer hung around waiting for the police to arrest him and thereby anoint him with the celebrity he craved, something new was beginning.

It was the notion of John Lennon the myth, Lennon the martyr, Lennon the super genius, Lennon the real talent behind the Beatles, Lennon the man who saw through everything, Lennon the avant garde artist and Lennon the gentle, peace loving guy who prayed for the world.

Well, I knew John Lennon, and I liked him a lot. He was very kind and generous to me. I was about to fly out to New York and interview him when I got the call in the middle of the night, UK time, to tell me he’d been shot, so I wept many a tear that day.

But for the past three decades the man I’ve been reading about has grown less and less like the John Lennon I knew and, generally, more and more like some character out of Butler’s Lives Of The Saints.

As an art student John used to draw little cartoons of characters covered in warts. And it sometimes seems that the image of him that has mainly prevailed is one in which his own warts, have been largely air-brushed from public memory by misty-eyed fans, and the efforts of his widow Yoko Ono.

This is not to criticise Yoko. It’s perfectly understandable that a woman who sees her husband murdered alongside her should remember him with devotion and speak of him in idealised tones.

But John Lennon was a complex, often contradictory character, who, while capable of great idealism, was pretty mean to his first wife and their son, Julian, and sometimes did some very foolish things when he let a naïve, well-meaning heart rule a hasty, agitprop head.

That he had many good points, there is no doubting. He was witty and funny and the “attitude” that he gave the Beatles chimed perfectly with the baby boomer aspirations of the Sixties. He was clever with words and brilliant at writing songs around slogans he made up, such as Give Peace a Chance and All You Need Is Love, instinctively knowing how to catch the moment and generate a million headlines. And, in association with Paul McCartney, he left the world an unequalled canon of popular songs.

But he was also easily led. It was not clever of him, for instance, to give financial help in 1971 to a self-proclaimed black power leader called Michael Abdul Malik, aka Michael X, who then jumped bail in Britain and fled to Trinidad.

A couple of years later Malik murdered two people on a commune he was running there and was later hanged for his crimes. Lennon couldn’t have known that it would end like that, but he should have been aware, as were many others, that Malik was bad news. Then there was financial help to an Irish Republican movement in the US at the height of the violence in Northern Ireland; not a good idea for a man of peace.

That was John, though, perspicacious in lyric, but, in a life immured by fame, surprisingly easily gulled by those who knew how to flatter him and scratch an ever open guilt wound.

I suspect the song he’s probably best remembered for is Imagine, the lyrics of which many found uplifting, even if the writer of them didn’t exactly practise what he preached. When an old Liverpool friend saw the wealth he’d accumulated in New York and teased him with the lyrics “remember 'no possessions’, John, 'it’s easy if you try’”, the former Beatle’s reply was characteristically, jokingly self-mocking: “It was only a bloody song.”

For years after Lennon’s death Paul McCartney’s reputation suffered in comparison with that of his dead former colleague, due, partly, to some outspokenly barbed Lennon jabs about him in song and interviews. But, actually, those digs told us more about John than Paul.

My impression, when we were talking about music, was that Lennon admired McCartney’s melodic brilliance, and was possibly even a little jealous of it, which was silly, because they complemented each other perfectly. Neither was consistently as good after they separated. And they both knew it.

After a brilliant start to a solo career after the Beatles broke up, Lennon seemed to lose his way artistically, becoming less certain of himself. To those who knew him that was no surprise, because although publically he was viewed as a man of great self confidence, he had deep insecurities, not least about his own singing voice which he did his very best to disguise - something that increasingly irritated his Beatles record producer George Martin.

That his death should have made him such a famous icon was doubly ironic. Not only did he not believe in the worship of dead idols, he was, at the time of his shooting, worried about his career, unsure that his first album in five years would sell. In fact, its great sales only took off after he was killed.

Quite what he would have done if he hadn’t been murdered and if the album hadn’t been the success his death made it, is difficult to say. My guess is that he would have turned to writing, because he wrote very funny, playful letters and had previously published two books of cartoons and nonsense short stories. He had a truly original mind and with time on his hands may very well have filled it at the typewriter he’d bought and taught himself to use.

The romantic in me also says that he might even have teamed up with Paul McCartney again for the odd song now and again, because, although his great fertile song writing period was behind him, fragments of that gift still lingered.

Certainly when he died he left behind him one major song. Called Grow Old With Me, it was based on a poem by Robert Browning. He only recorded it as a demo on a cassette machine at home, so it was never a Lennon hit, but over the decades since his death it’s become a wedding favourite in America, with hundreds of versions now on YouTube. That’s something we would never have expected, the tough, outspoken John Lennon combining with Robert Browning to write a wedding anthem.

The date of his death next Wednesday is certain to be marked with his songs on the radio, but I can’t help feeling that this might be the last big Beatles anniversary. Three weeks ago all the Beatles’ music was issued on iTunes for digital downloading to MP3s.

Before the release expectations suggested that it was possible that the Beatles would dominate the entire Top Ten. So far, this hasn’t happened: at the time of writing there aren’t any Beatle songs in the top fifty despite a TV commercial and poster campaign.

And why not? My guess is that most people who want Beatles records already have them, probably several times over, on vinyl, cassette and CD. They don’t need them again. Besides, no-one under thirty was alive when John Lennon was murdered; and no-one under forty when the Beatles broke up.

It’s taken longer than any of us could ever have expected for the Beatles to become history, but I think the world is moving on.

As for Mark Chapman, he’s still in jail. Famous for a brief, pointless moment: he’s now forgotten.

Ray Connolly’s latest novel, The Sandman, is now available as an eBook from Kindle on amazon.co.uk.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0136533-da02f1d70e679bad07684cab7f5ccfcd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004220 00000000000 015464  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        April 25: The All India Muslim Personal Law Board has decided to oppose the government on a host of proposed laws, including the right to education, saying the UPA regime had overlooked minority concerns in key social, economic and legal policies.

Some of the other areas where the board, a representative body of various Muslim sects in the country, has decided to take on the Centre are taxes, Waqf property, adoption and what it called tacit acceptance of homosexuality.

The decision came at a two-day general body meeting of the board that concluded in Hyderabad last night. Over 200 community leaders took part in the session.

AIMPLB chief Maulana Rabey Nadvi opposed the introduction of the Right to Education Bill, 2009, saying it would make the functioning of madrasas difficult and infringe on the rights of minorities to run educational institutions.

The bill proposes to make schooling compulsory for every child between six and 14. Nadvi, rector of the noted Islamic seminary Dar-ul Uloom, Nadwa, Lucknow, said the bill recognised only one type of school and education and voiced apprehension that it could be used to outlaw madrasas imparting religious education.

The law board unanimously opposed the UPA’s Waqf Amendment Bill, 2010, saying many provisions of the proposed law were “against the interests” of the community.

The Muslim law board insiders said they were particularly exercised by Section 87, which makes registration of Waqf land mandatory. The fear is once such a plot is registered, the board will have no right to seek redress if a dispute arises.

The law board is also against some provisions of the Direct Tax Code Bill, which seeks to tax religious trusts, places of worship and donations received. The code is scheduled to come into effect from the next financial year.

On adoption, the board said it was prohibited in Islam. Therefore, a common law on adoption applicable to all citizens would amount to “alluring”, say, a childless Muslim couple to adopt, violating their religious tenets.

The law board also appealed to the Chief Justice of India to review the Delhi High Court judgment legalising consensual homosexual relationships.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136689-cfb9378842b51f6795501f516caaa295.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007052 00000000000 015002  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Generations have been brought up being taught that attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) was a real neural disorder that often affects children. However, the shock comes as the “father” of ADHD, Leon Eisenberg, had admitted on his deathbed that ADHD was a fictitious disease.”

This revelation means that many young minds out there would not have their minds warped by constant consumption of mind-altering drugs. The drug use since childhood could mean a life of drug abuse and a stunted mind during later years due to addiction.

Living A Life Of Lies

Bradlee Dean, who is The Sons of Liberty host, and a writer for The D.C. Clothesline, explains that ADHD was nothing more than a theoretical hoax developed by Eisenberg. It was never proven to be a real quantifiable disease. However, the lies have a penetrated deep into the social fabric of the world and Eisenberg along with many others had reaped a fortune from the invention of the disease.

Modern medicine, specifically in the psychiatric industry, continues to profit from this fake disease, with pockets of both doctors and the bosses of the pharmaceutical industry filled deep with ill-gotten gains, all the while getting children addicted to dangerous psychostimulant drugs like Ritalin (methylphenidate) and Adderall (amphetamine, dextroamphetamine mixed salts).

Dr. Edward C. Hamlyn, a founding member of the Royal College of General Practitioners had once stated back in 1998 that ADHD is a "fraud intended to justify starting children on a life of drug addiction." Other notable psychiatrists like Peter Breggin and Sami Timimi have added additional statements that ADHD is a social construct and not a disorder.

Dirty Profits

The pharmaceutical industry is often very profit driven, and the psychiatric industry is no different. Drug companies can earn money from either inventing new drugs or new diseases. ADHD is a combination of both - inventing a new disease and providing a new set of drugs for it.

The plan is simple yet nefarious. Children are misdiagnosed with the disease since young, and they get hooked on to a routine of drug use to "contain" or "treat" the disease. The more cases that are reported, the more people accept that this is a commonplace disease that occurs with every generation. This acceptance and the addiction of children to the drugs ensures a constant supply of profits through constant growing demand.

Jacob Barnett, a 14-year-old whom doctors had diagnosed with ADHD that would prohibit him to ever read or write, and probably requiring drugs for life. However, his mom never gave up on him and put in the effort to educate and bring him up. Today, Jacob is pursuing his Master's Degree in quantum physics while many others of his age still remain in junior high. Furthermore, Fromthetrenchesworldreport. Com states that Jacob is currently developing theories on astrophysics. This is a positive case of a child who surpassed the lies. The sad reality is that many other children do not reach full potential due to both social stigma and constant drug use.

According to CCHRI, the medical industry spends upwards of billions of dollars per year to "educate" and brainwash the public about psychiatric disorders like Bi-Polar Disorder, Depression, Attention Deficit Disorder (ADD/ADHD) and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. These conditions have no real scientific test results to verify their authenticity. However, the industries have put their severity on par with conditions like cancer and heart disease, allowing enough panic to generate billions or even trillions of dollars of profits per year.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136722-2672693488c9c5435dca5e8950a7dd05.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012256 00000000000 014721  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A few weeks ago, Oberlin College, with an endowment of nearly $700 million, adopted what is likely the largest impact-investing platform to date by a college or university in the United States.

The Responsible Endowments Coalition (REC) reported that Oberlin College Board of Trustees has approved an Impact Investment Platform that “will combine socially responsible investing with student-trustee-administration collaboration.” This resolution is the result of pressure from the Oberlin Responsible Investing Organization (RIO), a student organization that is part of a broader national movement to encourage colleges and universities to invest their endowment dollars in a manner consistent with social and economic justice, sustainability, and their educational mission.

This is a very welcome development from Oberlin—an institution that has long been associated with progressive causes. It was the first college in the United States to adopt race-blind admissions and the first to permit coeducation in the late 1830s. Recently, in the summer of 2009, the college embarked on another ambitious initiative, aligning institutional resources to form the Oberlin Project. David Orr, a professor of Environmental Studies and Politics and Senior Adviser to the President at Oberlin, who also heads the projects, summarized the undertaking: “In affiliation with the city, we aim to revitalize the local economy, eliminate carbon emissions, restore local agriculture and forestry, and use the entire effort as an educational laboratory relevant to virtually every discipline.” Impact investing, which will hopefully include a local community investing component, is another significant step in the direction of full alignment.

Although Oberlin is just one institution, the decision provides a hopeful sign of an accelerating institutional shift toward greater socially responsible investment practices. A recent report by The Democracy Collaborative and REC, Raising Student Voices: Student Action for University Community Investment, hopes to both catalyze student involvement in these efforts and capture existing institutional involvement. The work profiles three administration-led initiatives and three student-led initiatives, as well as five potential future partnerships, whereby institutional investments are directed into local communities in a way that empowers low-income residents, develops small businesses, and generates sustainable economic development.

A tremendous opportunity exists. Higher education as a sector controls more than $400 billion in endowment assets, while also employing a workforce of nearly 4 million, enrolling 21 million students, and contributing $460 billion of annual activity to the US economy. Universities, whether spurred by enlightened self-interest or student agitation, can leverage this underutilized economic power to complement their academic missions with wider social missions that include local community and economic development.

Such an approach would be very much in line with the historic role of land grant universities that were intended to be engines of economic development for a different era, as well as providing access to higher education for those excluded previously because of their socioeconomic class. More recently, university students have won remarkable victories in pushing their institutions to engage in more ethical practices — including divestment from apartheid South Africa and the cancellation of contracts with retailers engaged in sweatshop production. Today, there are opportunities to work with groups like 350.org and REC in the effort to push for fossil fuel divestment on campuses across the country.

As institutions divest, it is important that they positively reinvest their resources, not merely avoiding environmental and social harm, but proactively seeking to help build healthy local economies. One way is by investing in community development financial institutions (CDFIs), which allows institutions to direct financial resources into the local community in a way that empowers low-income residents, small businesses, and sustainable economic development. With defined missions to provide financial services to underserved populations in a fair manner, investing in CDFIs seeks to ensure bottom-up sustainable community development by placing greater power and control in the hands of community actors themselves.

Duke University in Durham, North Carolina, for instance, has supported Durham’s Latino Community Credit Union and Self-Help Credit Union with a total investment of $12 million, aiding the credit unions in their efforts around affordable housing and neighborhood revitalization. Thus far, only a handful of higher education institutions have moved to directly invest their financial resources into communities to positively impact economic outcomes. Let’s hope that Oberlin’s new platform does just that, while also setting an example for other colleges and universities across the country.



If you would like to learn more about community reinvestment options, join REC for a call this coming Wednesday, November 20 at 8:30 pm. You can join the call online the day-of by clicking here, or you can call directly by dialing 213-416-1560 (passcode: 996 0839).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136702-2278a4345b7fa3a2c9a2a0d9378415c4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014312 00000000000 014740  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Countries like Egypt may benefit from research and investment in reusable energy fields, such as solar power [EPA]

Scientific enquiry and politics have always been bound together. The birth of a recognisably modern scientific establishment in Britain coincided with the end of absolute monarchy. An oligarchy of landed and learned gentlemen oversaw the creation of the Royal Society in 1660.

The origins of this institution lay in the secretive world of magical research and court politics. But its founders now aspired to work for the good of all mankind in a spirit of fellowship, and they used the open surveillance of peer review to enforce honesty. These men identified with the state - indeed they saw it as their ally in the great work of human progress, but they no longer risked torture or exile if their work offended an all-powerful monarch.



'Silting up'

Over time, the system created in the seventeenth century opened its ranks to talent from all over the world. Women and men without property can now become scientists, a development that would have astonished many of the first members of the Royal Society. But in important respects science still belongs to a pre-democratic age. Scientific experts collaborate with their patrons in the state and other powerful institutions to determine what is researched. Once the objectives have been set, the institutions of science are left to get on with it. This is the autonomy permitted to science. The public is kept at a distance by the mystique of technical complexity. Science in the West has not yet escaped its origins as successful magic, even if the white coat has replaced the wizard's robes.



Since the Second World War, the US state and its corporate sector have been vastly generous patrons of science. As I noted in my last piece, science has been shaped by their desire for new weapons and marketable goods. Science has been subordinated to organised violence and the orchestration of human desire. The results are all around us, in the technology of satellite surveillance and drone attacks as much as in the proliferation of entertainment online. As Harvey Brooks, one of the architects of the US system of science once remarked, the two per cent of GDP the US government spends on science has a "disproportionate social leverage, since the whole thrust of the economy is determined by scientific and technical research". If you are wondering why US companies dominate the internet, the answer is to be found in patterns of state investment.



There are signs that the West's system of science is silting up. The focus on military and commercial applications for science has drawn highly trained experts into fields that generate private profits but do nothing to enhance the public good. Brilliant medical researchers become engrossed in the search for patentable treatments for the diseases of affluence. Drugs that are scarcely more effective than placebos generate billion dollar revenues.

The sales promotions for these drugs infiltrate plausible myths into scientific discourse. The best mathematicians in the world design software that gives banks a minute speculative edge over their rivals. Or worse, they concoct risk models that give reckless fantasy the appearance of sober calculation. Engineers spend their careers trying to develop must-have gadgets. Decades of investment culminate in a frenzy of manufactured excitement for the latest smart phone or mp3 player.



I would like to believe that science in Europe and the United States can reform itself and open up decisions about its objectives to a wider public. Money that comes from taxpayers is currently being used to subsidise research that only occasionally and accidentally delivers public benefits. There is no longer any justification for denying the population at large a say in the objectives of science.

Setting energy free



But the political changes in the Middle East hold out more hope of radical change - and rapid progress - in the conduct of science. The region has been held back from achieving its full scientific and technical potential in recent times by a number of factors - political tyranny above all. And while there are some that now want to integrate science in Egypt and elsewhere with the demands of the globalised economy, the opportunity now exists to do far more. Open debate about the objectives of publicly funded science can establish programs of research that contribute to the general welfare more surely and more swiftly than the West's preoccupation with gadgets and gunnery.



Any attempt to chart a new course for the Middle East will have to take account of science's power to determine 'the whole thrust of the economy'. Research doesn't have to serve the interests of global corporations. It can be used instead to generate public goods, on the basis of democratic debate. It isn't for me to decide what a democratic science would concentrate on. But we have clear and pressing needs. We need plentiful and healthy food. We need secure and affordable houses. We need medicines that work, and schools and hospitals that serve the needs of their communities.



Above all, we need abundant and safe energy - energy that is effectively free and collectively owned. At the moment we have the opposite - energy that is expensive and controlled by a relative handful of people. By subjecting scientific research to democratic control we could change that, and quickly. Indeed, only a democratically directed science can achieve the rapid breakthroughs that are necessary if we are to feed, shelter and employ a growing global population.



We might want to start by considering the potential of the sun. Why not make Egypt the world centre of research into solar technology? We know that renewables - above all, solar - can meet the bulk of the world's energy needs. If a free people resolved to make energy free, by harnessing the sun, then that would be an Enlightenment worthy of the name.

Dan Hind has worked in publishing since 1998 and is the author of two acclaimed books: The Return of the Public and The Threat to Reason. He is this year's winner of the Bristol Festival of Ideas Prize.

Follow him on Twitter: @danhind

The views expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera's editorial policy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136708-9c4d3ab6c878223d66f707e13ae12fa0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000023716 00000000000 015122  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In simple terms graphene is a sheet of a single layer (monolayer) of carbon atoms, tightly bound in a hexagonal honeycomb lattice. In more complex terms, graphene is an allotrope of carbon in the form of a plane of sp2-bonded atoms with a molecular bond length of 0.142 nanometres. Layers of graphene stacked on top of each other form graphite, with an interplanar spacing of 0.335 nanometres. The separate layers of graphene in graphite are held together by van der Waals forces.

Graphene is the thinnest compound known to man at one atom thick, the lightest material known (with 1 square meter weighing around 0.77 milligrams), the strongest compound discovered (between 100-300 times stronger than steel and with a tensile stiffness of 150,000,000 psi), the best conductor of heat at room temperature (at (4.84±0.44) × 10^3 to (5.30±0.48) × 10^3 W·m−1·K−1) and also the best conductor of electricity known (studies have shown electron mobility at values of more than 200,000 cm2·V−1·s−1). Other notable properties of graphene are its uniform absorption of light across the visible and near-infrared parts of the spectrum (πα ≈ 2.3%), and its potential suitability for use in spin transport.

Bearing this in mind, one might be surprised to know that carbon is the second most abundant mass within the human body and the fourth most abundant element in the universe (by mass), after hydrogen, helium and oxygen. This makes carbon the chemical basis for all known life on earth, so therefore graphene could well be an ecologically friendly, sustainable solution for an almost limitless number of applications. Since the discovery (or more accurately, the mechanical obtainment) of graphene, applications within different scientific disciplines have exploded, with huge gains being made particularly in high-frequency electronics, bio, chemical and magnetic sensors, ultra-wide bandwidth photodetectors, and energy storage and generation.

Graphene productions challenges

The problem that prevented graphene from initially being available for developmental research in commercial uses was that the creation of high quality graphene was a very expensive and complex process (of chemical vapour disposition) that involved the use of toxic chemicals to grow graphene as a monolayer by exposing Platinum, Nickel or Titanium Carbide to ethylene or benzene at high temperatures. Also, it was previously impossible to grow graphene layers on a large scale using crystalline epitaxy on anything other than a metallic substrate. This severely limited its use in electronics as it was difficult, at that time, to separate graphene layers from its metallic substrate without damaging the graphene.

However, studies in 2012 found that by analysing graphene’s interfacial adhesive energy, it is possible to effectually separate graphene from the metallic board on which it is grown, whilst also being able to reuse the board for future applications theoretically an infinite number of times, therefore reducing the toxic waste previously created by this process. Furthermore, the quality of the graphene that was separated by using this method was sufficiently high enough to create molecular electronic devices successfully.

While this research is very highly regarded, the quality of the graphene produced will still be the limiting factor in technological applications. Once graphene can be produced on very thin pieces of metal or other arbitrary surfaces (of tens of nanometres thick) using chemical vapour disposition at low temperatures and then separated in a way that can control such impurities as ripples, doping levels and domain size whilst also controlling the number and relative crystallographic orientation of the graphene layers, then we will start to see graphene become more widely utilized as production techniques become more simplified and cost-effective.

Potential applications

Being able to create supercapacitors out of graphene will possibly be the largest step in electronic engineering in a very long time. While the development of electronic components has been progressing at a very high rate over the last 20 years, power storage solutions such as batteries and capacitors have been the primary limiting factor due to size, power capacity and efficiency (most types of batteries are very inefficient, and capacitors are even less so). For example, with the development of currently available lithium-ion batteries, it is difficult to create a balance between energy density and power density; in this situation, it is essentially about compromising one for the other.

In initial tests carried out, laser-scribed graphene (LSG) supercapacitors (with graphene being the most electronically conductive material known, at 1738 siemens per meter (compared to 100 SI/m for activated carbon)), were shown to offer power density comparable to that of high-power lithium-ion batteries that are in use today. Not only that, but also LSG supercapacitors are highly flexible, light, quick to charge, thin and as previously mentioned, comparably very inexpensive to produce.

"The possibilities of what we can archive with the materials and knowledge we have, have been blown wide open"

Featured Products





GFET-S10

(Die size 10 mm x 10 mm)

For Sensing applications

380.00$

Buy this product Highly Concentrated Graphene Oxide (2.5 wt% Concentration)

440.00$

Buy this product Easy Transfer: Monolayer Graphene on Polymer Film

(1 cm x 1 cm)

80.00$

Buy this product

Graphene is also being used to boost not only the capacity and charge rate of batteries but also the longevity. Currently, while such materials as silicone are able to store large amounts of energy, that potential amount diminishes drastically on every charge or recharge. With graphene tin oxide being used as an anode in lithium ion batteries for example, batteries can be made to last much longer between charges (potential capacity has increased by a factor of 10), and with almost no reduction in storage capacity between charges, effectively making technology such as electronically powered vehicles a much more viable transport solution in the future. This means that batteries (or capacitors) can be developed to last much longer and at higher capacities than previously realised. Also, it means that electronic devices may be able to be charged within seconds, rather than minute or hours and have hugely improved longevity.

Consumers can already purchase graphene-enhanced products to use at home. One company already produces and offers on the market conductive ink (first developed by researchers at the University of Cambridge in 2011). This is made by effectively mixing tiny graphene flakes with ink, enabling you to print electrodes directly onto paper. While this was previously possible by using organic semiconductive ink, the use of graphene flakes makes the printed material vastly more conductive and therefore more efficient.

Another use for graphene along similar lines to those mentioned previously is that in paint. Graphene is highly inert and so can act as a corrosion barrier between oxygen and water diffusion. This could mean that future vehicles could be made to be corrosion resistant as graphene can be made to be grown onto any metal surface (given the right conditions). Due to its strength, graphene is also currently being developed as a potential replacement for Kevlar in protective clothing, and will eventually be seen in vehicle manufacture and possibly even used as a building material.

As graphene has been proven to be much more efficient at conducting electrons than silicon, and is also able to transfer electrons at much faster speeds (relatively speaking, 1000 kilometres per second, 30 times faster than silicon), in the next few years you will begin to see products from consumer electronics companies, such as Samsung (who have been pouring money into researching the uses of graphene in telecommunications and electronics and have already taken out a huge number of patents concerned with the uses and manufacture of graphene in electronic devices) based on flexible, robust, touchscreen devices such as mobile smartphones and wrist watches.

This could mean foldable televisions and telephones and eventually electronic flexible newspapers containing all of the publications you are interested in that can be updated via wireless data transfer. Being extremely translucent, in the coming years you can also expect to be able to fit intelligent (and extremely robust) windows to your home, with (potentially) virtual curtains or displaying projected images of your choice.

Combining a few of these aforementioned potential uses, can you imagine car security systems that are connected to the paint on your vehicle? Not only would your car alarm be able to tell you if someone is touching your vehicle, it would be able to record that information and send it to you via your smartphone in real-time. It could also be used to analyse vehicle accidents to determine initial contact patches and resultant consequential energy dispersion.

Soon we will begin to see clothing containing graphene-enhanced photovoltaic cells and supercapacitors, meaning that we will be able to charge our mobile telephones and tablet computers in a matter of minutes (potentially even seconds) whilst walking to school or work. We may possibly even see security-orientated clothing offering protection against unwanted contact with the use of electrical discharge.

Game Changer

What all this means is that this discovery, made by a physics professor and his PhD student in a laboratory in Manchester, using a piece of graphite and some Scotch tape has completely revolutionised the way we look at potential limits of our abilities as scientists, engineers and inventors. The possibilities of what we can achieve with the materials and knowledge we have, have been blown wide open, and it is now conceivable to imagine such amazing prospective situations as lightning fast, yet super-small computers, invisibility cloaks, smart phones that last weeks between charges, and computers that we can fold up and carry in our pockets wherever we go.                                                  0136636-a40d3cf1c6bd9ce7f36cb9c265c31fb6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002250 00000000000 015411  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Mini-ITX systems are becoming extremely popular. Especially with with popularity of cases like the BitFenix Prodigy and Fractal Design’s Node 304. This issue with many of these mini-ITX cases is that you are not able to fit a full-sized performance video card inside. This is about to change as ASUS is working on their own GTX 670 DirectCU Mini. Most GTX 670’s do have a smaller 6.75″ (~17cm) PCB, but they have larger coolers that exceed that size.

ASUS has gone ahead and developed a cooling system, which they are dubbing DirectCU Mini, which fits the GTX 670 perfect at the 6.75″ (~17cm) size. The is the exact same length as a mini-ITX board. The DirectCU Mini cooling system has a patent-pending fan design and vapor chamber, which ASUS says enables the full DirectCU cooling potential in a smaller space.

The dual slot card will also feature ASUS’s Super Alloy Power components, which last up to 2.5x longer than reference parts. If this is not just a design off of a reference card then I would expect possibly a slight frequency bump on the card. We will have to see when the card officially launches. Np word on when that will be yet.

Source: ROG Forums | News Archive                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0136455-dc7b3086a32465544bb726e5d0eb6b5f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001433 00000000000 015111  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A sailor is suing the Department of Defence for the cost of bringing up her child after navy medical staff failed to detect her pregnancy.

Emily Hetherington, now aged 26 from Queanbeyan, NSW, is seeking damages for pain and suffering and loss of earnings, claiming if her pregnancy had been confirmed she would not have kept the child.

Victorian Supreme Court Justice Bernard Bongiorno was told on Thursday that Ms Hetherington did not find out about her condition until she was 22 weeks pregnant and by then it was too late for an abortion.

Ms Hetherington underwent a series of medical examinations on January 14, 2008, in Hobart after enlisting with the Royal Australian Navy when she had no idea she was already pregnant.

A urinary pregnancy test was conducted and found to be negative.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136712-b2f01d0f91c0b0816e1d2b3bf0e511db.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007436 00000000000 015216  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Those that do not produce schemes to speed up housing provision by 2017 could lose control of planning process

Local councils must produce plans to speed up the provision of housing by 2017 or risk losing control of their planning process, David Cameron will say as the government prepares to publish its much awaited housing bill.

The legislation will contain measures requiring councils to sell off their most expensive properties and to allow housing association tenants to buy their property. So far 82% of English councils have published local plans, which should set out how many homes they plan to deliver over a set period, but only 65% have fully adopted them and almost 20% of councils do not have an up-to-date plan at all.

The bill also contains measures previously set out in the government productivity plan for automatic planning permission in principle on brownfield sites.

On Monday, Cameron will make it clear that he regards publication and adoption of such plans as critical to his aim of achieving an extra 1m homes in this parliament, and if they are not produced by 2017 the communities secretary will be empowered to require them to do so.



Policies to tackle the housing crisis and help the homeless | Letters Read more

The government has already said it will publish league tables, setting out local authorities’ progress on providing a plan for the jobs and homes needed locally. It has also set up a panel of experts to speed the process of producing them, but it has not yet been specific over how plans will be drawn up in the absence of local council co-operation.

Councils are required, under legislation passed in 2012, to produce an annual trajectory of how many homes they plan to build in their area – usually over a period of about 15 years. These must also be reviewed regularly – usually every five years – and in theory give local people more of a say on where new developments go and what they look like.

Downing Street claims such plans appear to work, as before March 2012 the average number of homes planned by local authorities stood at 573 a year, which has now risen to 717 .

Ministers also plan to put a stronger duty on councils to cooperate where one council cannot build sufficient houses within its own local authority boundary. New development corporations will also be empowered to deliver higher-density development in designated areas close to commuter hubs.

It has become clear that housing is increasingly one of Cameron’s key priorities, but is also raises familiar tensions between central and local government.

Cameron made a commitment to new starter homes a central pillar of his social reforming speech to his party conference, and ministers have struck a voluntary agreement with local housing associations giving 1.3 million tenants the right to buy at discounted prices.

Lib Dems call for more council-built homes | Letter from Lib Dem council leaders Read more

Cameron will also confirm that a temporary rule introduced in May 2013 allowing people to convert disused offices into homes without applying for planning permission will become permanent. Almost 4,000 conversions were given the go ahead between April 2014 to last June, Downing Street said.

Cameron said: “A greater Britain must mean more families having the security and stability of owning a home of their own. My government will do everything it can to help people buy a place of their own – at the heart of this is our ambition to build one million new homes by 2020.

“Many areas are doing this already – and this is great – but we need a national crusade to get homes built and everyone must play their part.

“Councils have a key role to play in this by drawing up their own local plans for new homes by 2017. But if they fail to act, we’ll work with local people to produce a plan for them.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136589-b8208db61decfe01b1d6c64a342d95d9.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000044354 00000000000 015270  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Link opens in new tab

Thanks for your support -- It does make a difference

Hello there, This is a special issue of the AngularJS and Web Dev newsletter. In this issue I’ll be talking only AngularJS, only ng-conf 2015, and specifically about the things we now know about Angular 1.3, 1.4, 1.5, and 2.0 now that ng-conf 2015 is over.

Quick disclaimer: This is an extraction from the time I spent watching the referenced videos. There’s a good chance I misunderstood some parts or so.

Now, to the meat of it:

What’s happening in Angular 2.0

RIP AtScript .. Long live TypeScript

If you thought creating an entire new language to add an optional feature like annotations (attributes in C#), is, well, not the best idea, Google agrees!

So, they got Microsoft to sort TypeScript out, and are just going to use / recommend it.

Of course you’ll still be able to use plain ES6 or even ES5. But if you do, you’ll be writing some code that is redundant and the tooling / compilers can write for you. This is similar to how you can write reactJS without putting HTML in your JS (JSX syntax), except you write what the JSX-to-JS compiler writes, which is quite odd code to have to write yourself.

(for more about ES6, refer back to Issue8 of the newsletter)

Actually, mark my prediction, from a comment I made on an AngularJS facebook group yesterday:

TypeScript is “optionally” typed JavnaScript. They created it to be C# users friendly and 100% JavaScript compatible (any JS code is valid TS code). With Google cooperating, I can easily expect much of TS features to come in EcmaScript 8 or 9 (if too late for ES7).

New Website & Interoperability

There is a new Angular website dedicated to Angular 2.0, which is angular.io.

The site shows sample codes in JavaScript and Dart, but generally speaking, it’s still very early work in progress (there are references to AtScript in the docs still). I find it funny that the resources page happens to list only Savkin’s posts and the ToDo app video, which were all mentioned in the last issue of the newsletter, Issue9 :)

Having an entire new site reinforces how distinct Angular 2.0 will be. The team has an answer to your reasonable worry of this distinction:

The team will allow using Angular 1.x and 2.0 in the same application. You can have a parent Angular 1.x application with only parts of it using Angular 2.0, or you can convert your parent application to use Angular 2.0, and have each child application (not sure what this means, maybe child routes, given the new router supports both versions) still be 1.x and upgrade your child apps one by one.

The source code for Angular 2.0 is also available at github.com/angular. Don’t get this confused with github.com/angular.js (note the .js suffix), which is where Angular 1.x lives now.

What To Expect

The general themes that the team is focusing on in Angular 2 are:

Simplicity They are hoping the new component classes (directive replacements) and HTML templating syntax will be easier and make much more sense than existing ones.

Speed One way data binding (instead of 2-way data binding, which has implications on forms directives changing a bit) and changing the way scopes work -now called zones, and don’t requite $digest or $apply pain or having a special name- among other internal changes are reducing memory and DOM writes, causing possible 10x speed increases.

Consistency The new syntax Angular introduced for using directives in templates in Angular 2 aims at solving consistency problems we have in Angular 1. Examples from my understanding: Currently in Angular 1.x, with attribute directives, the directive author decides whether to use JavaScript expressions as the value of the attribute/property, or just a plain string property. I for one know that I always forget that to use ng-include I must put the template name inside quotes like 'template.html' because it takes a JS expression not a literal string (which is good). As a directive author as well, I also hated that I need to do extra work to support {{...}} syntax in attribute value. As both creator and consumer, I hated that each event I need to capture needs to have a directive ( ng-click ng-blur , custom directive, etc, and yes there are workarounds). It’s even hard to tell whether a directive is meant to be a template that replaces the element completely or just adds an event handler or some properties. Some of you probably had problems when they accidentally tried to use two directives when both use the transclude feature. Solving these problems is at the heart of Angular 2, by giving a unified syntax for choosing whether to pass a literal string or JS expression when using a directive, and providing unified syntax for handling events without even needing to write a directive for that, also providing different syntax for template directives than component directives (which don’t rewrite the element). This bit can be quite confusing to explain in words. Check Day 2 keynote (linked below) for more about what the new syntax looks now, and why – Highly recommended.

Web Components To explain this without assuming knowledge of what Web Components are, I’ll use some over-simplified definitions (so, don’t make that offend you if know about Web Components). For a more proper introduction, check my video [Introducing Web Components & Polymer Projectpolymer-video, or the resources I used to learn about it, mostly listed in Issue7. Angular 2 embraces Web Components in two ways: first, it uses the Shadow DOM for template components (think: template/transclude directives). Shadow DOM is like inner HTML that is not affected by any CSS styles (even browser styles), cannot be matched by normal CSS selectors, and has its own child DOM document. Think of the many elements that browser renders when you add a <video tag to the page. This is the usual Shadow DOM example, except here we are talking about Shadow DOM that you create, style and control, not the browser. Shadow DOM is great for building reusable components that are guaranteed to not conflict with anything else on the whatever page they get used in, although can be a nightmare to style using today’s common CSS techniques that rely heavily on CSS inheritance / cascading. I hope that Shadow DOM will be optional, but I’m not sure. The other way Angular 2 embraces Web Components ensuing that Angular components (directives) can be used with / within Web Components transparently. You should be able to use custom HTML elements that have their own templates and Shadow DOM with Angular just like you’d with native HTML. This is the reason for all the weird [] and () characters used in directive attributes in Angular 2, so that they can be passed through the new HTML <template> element, often used in custom HTML elements (~ AKA Web Components) without being processed by the <template> itself. One thing to mention here: Google has another framework for building applications using custom elements / Web Components, Polymer Project. It enhances the new built in HTML <template> element and APIs to create custom elements and shadow DOM. In the Q & A session the Angular team explicitly said Angular 2 & Polymer are meant to work together very well, but are NOT likely to be merged in the future.

The first migration to Angular 2.0 will happen internally at Google around May 2015 (sounds too early to me, we’ll see).

This is all coming from the Day 1 keynote session (video – slides).

Whether you check Day 1 keynote or not, I highly recommend that you check Day 2 keynote.

It covers a lot about what the new Angular 2 syntax looks like (for both HTML and JS), and the reasoning behind it. It’s a true crash course (video – slides – demo code).

From Q & A

In addition to above, here are the bits relevant to Angular 2.0 from the Q & A session:

The current plan is to make Angular 1.x and 2.0 work together and work side by side, even with either of them in the module / app containing the other. By embracing this direction, this seems to leave out providing a proper compatibility layer in place (although it might happen, as I’ll show below).

Angular 2 will support evergreen (auto-updating) browsers on the desktop. This means IE 11+ (this can obviously be a deal breaker). Mobile support matrix is not decided yet.

The template language in Angular 2 will probably be a MUCH better experience for directive / component creators. You think it’s crazy to create your own ng-repeat -like directive in Angular 1 (maybe you don’t even know what interpolation means)? Even this sort of stuff should be easy in Angular 2.

Serverside rendering in Angular 2.0 is not a no-no as we used to hear before. It’s not promised as well. The team think that the changes they are implementing in Angular 2 will have positive side-effects on server-rendering story, but it’s obviously not something they are actively working on enabling. To me this sounds like it might be easy for a 3rd party to build it, or may come in future 2.x releases past 2.0.

There was no mention of Angular 2 filter feature in previous sessions as in pipe filters, but that will still be supported, probably renamed to pipes (as in stream passing I guess, like gulp, etc. in node). The team promised this will be such a lovable improvement.

As Angular 2.0 will be written in TypeScript, Angular will use the Traceur compiler to translate TypeScript output to EcmaScript 6, EcmaScript 5, and Dart. This allowed Angular to merge the AngularJS and AngularDart teams into one.

This one is crazy and hard to explain if you don’t know C#, TypeScript is on road to have something like async / await syntax, coming from C#, this syntax allows you to write asynchronous code without any big changes to your existing code. And guess what? The team suggested that this feature is already used in the codebase for the new Angular router – somehow (haven’t checked code yet). My poor attempt to explain the feature: imagine you can add the word await before any method call that returns a promise, and after that, instead of having to call .then() and pass a function, the compiler assumes the rest of your code (within the current function) IS the then function.

What’s happening in Angular 1.x (Angular 1.3, Angular 1.4, and Angular 1.5+)

It looked like Angular team felt that they needed to show proof that they have good reasons to not screw Angular 1.x users, so here’s what they said:

There are 2,000 apps using various versions of Angular 1.x at Google, and ~ 1,000,000 users (1 million!) visiting the current angularjs.org website (fully dedicated to 1.x). There are also 400,000 monthly visitors to the actual Angular 1.x github repository. The team showed that they get how big and dead serious Angular 1.x user base is.

By the way, it was also mentioned that Twitter uses Angular 1.x for several internal systems, and PayPal has a new checkout experiment using AngularJS 1.x as well. That’s an app that generates REAL MONEY!

What To Expect

The themes that the team suggest they’ll spend effort on with Angular 1.x are:

The new router

Internationalization / localization

Material Design (directives that implement Google’s Material Design)

Changes that can make it easier to migrate to Angular 2.0

General support for any issues / bugs etc.

This shows currently in the following efforts:

Weekly batch (1.x.x) releases (bug fixes, backwards compatible features) There are fourteen 1.3.x releases at the moment. Turns out the target is weekly releases! This is exhausting to keep up with. You might consider a 2 or 4 weeks update in your apps. But the idea is that breaking changes are minimal in these releases, and the bigger breaking changes are saved for 1.x releases, like 1.4, 1.5 etc.

1.4 RC0 is coming out this week If you followed the previous issues of the newsletter, many expected a final version of 1.4 in ng-conf. This didn’t happen, which is OK. The scope for Angular 1.4 as planned in January was a bit small IMHO. They added a few more things (so, it’s still not a big ball of mud update), and pushed the date slightly. I’m happier this way, because I thought we’d hold our breathe for for things like the router till 1.5, which would take even longer to come (it’s still likely major improvements will happen by the time of Angular 1.5).

Angular Router is coming to Angular 1.4 The initial release of the new official router, which combines features that used to exist in ui-router (like nested routes) will come as part of Angular 1.4 announcement. It’s still going to be a separate library though. It’s supposed to work with Angular 1.x and 2.0. And it will have its own release cycles independent from Angular 1.x/2.x releases. This is also great. I’m hoping the initial release will be good enough to recommend it instead of ui-router, because the new router is eventually what most apps will end up using in the future anyway.

Localization / Internationalization in Angular 1.4 I don’t know much about what is improving, but I know that the internationalization library for AngularJS is Angular-Translate, which is a very good looking one from its site or the ng-conf session about it (video – slides).

Performance Improvements The team always manages to find areas to improve internally on $scope digest cycling, ng-repeat etc., that quite often getting a new Angular release will give you a performance improvement with no code changes.

Continuing to plan in public That probably refers to publishing their weekly meeting notes on Google Drive (and sometimes recording them, although this is less often), as well as the usual OSS openness, that is: planning via public Github issues, accepting pull requests and responding to comments on Github issues and commits.

Shared components between Angular 1.x and Angular 2 The components announced to be shared are: the router (of course) Internationalization support Animation support (this is a bit of a surprise to me) Note that Material Design is not in the list, which makes sense because it’s quite more involved (it’s all about writing directives that apply the Material Design). Maybe that’d be a good migration / compatibility test subject, Google -if anyone is reading this :) A lot of this will be in proper shape by the time of Angular 1.5 (with some bits coming in Angular 1.4). Angular 1.5 could be happening around Summer-Fall (U.S. calendar not Aussie calendar of course).



Most of this came from Day 1 keynote linked to before, and from the Angular 1.x session (video – slides).

Getting your Angular 1.3/1.4 App Ready for Angular 2

Here’s what the team says about preparing code for less migration effort when we get Angular 2.0, which is luckily in-line with the guesses that several others came up with so far.

Write code as ES6 classes, everything (directives, services, etc.)

Use the new Angular router (luckily it’s just around the corner)

Use directives more than controllers

Use the controllerAs syntax in your directives instead of using $scope

There already is a proposal for a compatibility layer to be introduced. You can see some actual code by watching the “Angular 1.3 meets Angular 2 0” session (video – slides).

From Q & A

Here are a few bits from the Q&A, that are supposed to happen as part of Angular 1.x development story / ecosystem:

It seems the Angular router team, at least those present at ng-conf, don’t know much about what ui-router provides. This is weird, but maybe because the Ember router is where they are getting most of their inspiration from.

The ng-inspector Chrome extension might be merged with the Angular Batarang extension going forward, if the conversations start soon and go smoothly

Angular Material Design animation support will come to Angular 1.x, but beyond 1.5. Google Material Design (a lame yet easy way to think of it is like Twitter Bootstrap & Windows Metro design mixed into one) defines UI look & feel, and some standard animation effects even on things like pressing a button. Angular Material Design 1.0 will come around Angular 1.5. It’ll have all UI styles builtin so that just adding ng-button or something like that will get you a Material button. However, the animation part of things will follow later with a new feature coming to Angular Animation library called “timeline”. This is required as Material Design animations are sometimes series of animations not a single animation effect.

And of course, the Q & A session is also available to watch (watch).

These notes do not cover entire ng-conf

You can watch all the sessions from ng-conf on the ng-conf 2015 video playlist.

There are sessions about the new router, TypeScript, reactJS, a performance benchmarking tool called benchpress (used to measure performance improvements in Angular 2), John Papa’s AngularJS styleguide, and much much more…

Slides

As you watch the videos, you’ll find most presents link to their slides near the end or so. I have linked to all the slides I could find whenever I linked to a video.

If you didn’t find a slides link in the video, here’s what I did to get the “Angular 1.3 meets 2.0” slides: I went to ng-conf schedule page, found the talk details, clicked through to the speaker’s twitter account, and asked for the slides gently :)

I’m sure there’ll be some list of slides (official or not) at some point. I’ll keep you updated via this newsletter when I find about it.

Update

Here’s a big list of all ng-conf videos, slides, and speaker twitter links.

Finally

If you liked this special issue of my AngularJS And Web Dev Goodies newsletter, please let your friends know about it and sign up as well.

Thank you!

—

Meligy

Eng.Meligy@Gmail.com | twitter.com/meligy | gurustop.net/newsletter

Update I showed this blog post to Brad Green from the Angular team, and he had some comments and explanations that are very valuable. You can read them here: Brad Green from Angular Team Comments On My AngularJS 2.0 / 1.x Post

Share With Friends:

How did I learn that?

As a bonus for coming here, I'm giving away a free newsletter for web developers that you can sign up for from here.

It's not an anything-and-everything link list. It's thoughtfully collected picks of articles and tools, that focus on Angular 2+, ASP.NET (4.x/MVC5 and Core), and other fullstack developer goodies.

Take it for a test ride, and you may unsubscribe any time.

You might also want to support me by checking these out [Thanks]:

Links open in new tabs

Thanks for your support -- It does make a difference                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0136741-ef6559305b71d536d930828625d28798.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017007 00000000000 014512  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Maya death gods, (also Ah Puch, Ah Cimih, Ah Cizin, Hun Ahau or Yum Kimil) known by various names, are two basic types of death gods who are respectively represented by the 16th-century Yucatec deities Hunhau and Uacmitun Ahau mentioned by Spanish Bishop Landa. Hunhau is the lord of the Underworld. Iconographically, Hunhau and Uacmitun Ahau correspond to the Gods A and B'.

In recent narratives, particularly in the oral tradition of the Lacandon people, there is only one death god (called "Kisin" in Lacandon), who acts as the antipode of the Upper God in the creation of the world and of the human body and soul. This death god inhabits an Underworld that is also the world of the dead. As a ruler over the world of the dead (Metnal or Xibalba), the principal death god corresponds to the Aztec deity Mictlantecuhtli. The Popol Vuh has two leading death gods, but these two are really one: Both are called "Death," but while one is known as "One Death," the other is called "Seven Death." They were vanquished by the Hero Twins.

The two principal death gods count among the many were-animals and spooks (wayob) inhabiting the Underworld, with the God A way in particular manifesting himself as a head hunter and a deer hunter.

Post-Classic names [ edit ]

Kisin is the name of the death god among the Lacandons as well as the early colonial Choles,[1] kis being a root with meanings like "flatulence" and "stench." Landa uses another name and calls the lord of the Underworld and "prince of the devils" Hunhau,[2] a name that, recurring in early Yucatec dictionaries as Humhau and Cumhau, is not to be confused with Hun-Ahau; hau, or haw, means 'to end' and 'to lay on its back (mouth up)'.[3] Other names include Yum Kimil, "Lord of Death" in Yucatán and (Ah) Pukuh in Chiapas. The name Hun Ahau ("One Lord") appears frequently in the Ritual of the Bacabs, but is never specified as a death god. Ah Puch, though often mentioned in books about the Mayas, does not appear to be an authentic Maya name for the death god. (An Ah Puch is mentioned in the opening of the Book of Chilam Balam of Chumayel in passing as a ruler of the North, and one of the Xibalba attendants in the Popol Vuh is called Ahal Puh.)[4]

Mythology [ edit ]

God A way as a hunter, Classic period

In the Popol Vuh, the Hero Twins descend to the "Place of Fright" (Xibalba), where a pair of Death Gods, Hun-Came ("One-Death") and Vucub-Came ("Seven-Death"), rule over a series of disease-bringing deities. They defeat the Death Gods and put restrictions on their cult.

Yucatec [ edit ]

According to one of the earliest sources on Maya religion (Francisco Hernández 1545), Eopuco (i.e., Ah Pukuh) mistreated and killed the Bacab, who was resurrected three days later.[5]

Lacandon [ edit ]

The skeletal death god Kisin plays a prominent role in Lacandon mythology, chiefly in the following tales:[6]

(i) The creation of the underworld by the upper god, involving the upper god's death at the hands of Kisin, his resurrection, and Kisin's confinement to the underworld; in his anger, Kisin sometimes kicks the pillars of the earth, thus causing earthquakes;

(ii) A failed attempt at the creation of human beings in emulation of the upper god, leading to the creation of the "totemic" animals of certain kin groups ( onen );

); (iii) The descent of the ancestor Nuxi' into the underworld to woo Kisin's daughter;

(iv) The description of the destiny of the souls in the underworld, where Kisin (a) burns the souls of evildoers, (b) transforms the souls of certain evildoers into his "domestic animals," (c) hunts for the spider monkey doubles of men destined to die.

Ritual [ edit ]

Both God A and God A' figure prominently in the New Year rites depicted in the Dresden Codex. God A' probably corresponds to the death god Uacmitun Ahau in Landa's description of the New year rites. He presides over a year of great mortality. To ward off evil during this year, men would walk over a bed of glowing embers that possibly represented the fires of the Underworld.[7]

God A in the lunar eclipse tables of the Dresden Codex

Classic Period: God A [ edit ]

The death god classified as God A always has a fleshless skull, usually with a skeletal body. He often occurs in the following contexts.

Man Hunt and Deer hunt [ edit ]

With varying hieroglyphic names and attributes, God A figures in processions and random arrays of were-animals and spooks (wayob).[8] In connection with these apparitions, he tends to be depicted either as a headhunter or as deer hunter (see figure). On the grandiose Tonina stucco wall, the severed head is that of an enemy king. The death god's deer hunt has two sides. On the one hand, this deer hunt may metaphorically refer to a hunt for human victims. On the other hand, there also seems to be a connection with certain wayob shaped like deer but with the tail of a spider monkey. On the famous peccary skull from Copan, for example, such a deer way appears to be welcoming the death god returning from a hunt.

Jaguar baby transformation [ edit ]

Together with the Rain Deity Chaac, God A is present at the jaguar transformation of a man (possibly a hero) who is usually shown as a baby, and who seems to disappear into the underworld.--

Apart from these contexts, on a Copan bench, the earth-carrying Bacabs are paired off with death gods A. This may relate to the fact that in Yucatán, one of the four Bacabs was called "White Death" (Zaccimi).

Classic Period: God A' [ edit ]

The other codical death god is God A', corresponding to Landa's Uac Mitun Ahau, and characterized by a black stripe over the eyes and a "darkness" infix in the forehead. Just like death god A, he figures among the Classic wayob.[9] Instead of being a head hunter, however, God A' is a demonic apparition repeatedly shown in the illusionistic act of self-decapitation. His iconography shows considerable overlap with that of an anthropomorphic way (labeled Mokochih) and of a demonic flying insect sometimes carrying a torch (possibly a blowfly, firefly, or wasp). In spite of the above, it has been suggested that the hieroglyphic name of God A' should be read as Akan, a name otherwise only known as that of a 16th-century deity of alcoholic beverages.[10]

Calendrical and astrological functions [ edit ]

A text from the early colonial songbook of Dzitbalche states the Underworld (Miitnal) to be opened and Kisin (Cizin) to be liberated during the concluding twenty days of the year (Uayah-yaab).[11] In the Classic period, the head of the skeletal God A serves as (i) the hieroglyph for the day Kimi, "Death," corresponding to Kame' in Quiché, also the name of the paired rulers of Xibalba in the Popol Vuh; (ii) the hieroglyph for the number ten (lajun), perhaps because the verbal stem laj- means "to end;" (iii) a variable element in glyph C of the Lunar Series, registering one to six completed lunations, probably for the prediction of lunar eclipses. Apparently connected to this, God A can be depicted with the attribute of a crescent that seems to mark him as a lunar patron deity.[12] A vignette of God A (or perhaps his female counterpart) illustrates the lunar eclipse tables of the Dresden Codex (see figure).

See also [ edit ]

References [ edit ]

^ Tozzer 1941: 132 note 617 ^ Tozzer 1941: 132 ^ Cordemex Dictionary ^ Thompson 1970: 303 ^ Tozzer 1941: 207 note 1154 ^ Boremanse 1986: (i)39-44; (ii)30-38; (iii)78-96; (iv)73-77 ^ Tozzer 1941: 147-149 ^ Grube and Nahm 1994: 705-707 ^ Grube and Nahm 1994: 707–709 ^ Grube 2004: 59-63; cf. Stone and Zender 2011: 38–39 ^ Barrera Vazquez 1965: 34 ^ e.g., research.mayavase.com: Kerr 5166

Bibliography [ edit ]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136652-2fd6dcf3c1be8a973b4ae9dcd09615b3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002472 00000000000 015421  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        More than $1 million worth of trees will be planted in and around Fort McMurray this spring to help restore urban forests damaged by the last year's massive wildfire.

Tens of thousands of trees are scheduled to be planted as part of Tree Canada's Operation ReLeaf.

The program is largely focusing on replacing trees in residential areas.

CN donated $1 million for the project, though Tree Canada has received donations from other companies and individuals.

"We are deeply grateful to Tree Canada and all of its partners for this generous donation," Melissa Blake, mayor of the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo, said in a news release.

"This support will undoubtedly lift the spirits of the entire community and help us restore so much of the natural beauty that was impacted by the wildfire."

The Fort McMurray wildfire in last May forced more than 80,000 people from their homes. More than 2,400 homes and buildings were damaged or destroyed.

The neighbourhoods of Abasand, Waterways and Beacon Hill were hit hardest. In some places, whole streets of houses burned to the ground.

Operation ReLeaf is specifically focused on replacing the tree canopy in Beacon Hill.

Surrounding First Nations affected by the fire may also receive some planted trees.

The project is expected to continue into 2018, and perhaps 2019 as well.                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136740-dd04f75c2ee5947d36f4c08d0dc6de8d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002177 00000000000 015354  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Howard the Duck makes his big return to comics with March's new ongoing series, and in April Marvel is looking to keep that ball rolling as they've announced 20 Howard-themed variant covers across their comics line. Previously teased as "WTD Certified," These "What the Duck?!" variant covers features Howard as drawn by an array of artists associated with Marvel.

On Monday Marvel revealed six new covers to go with the previously revealed four, giving half of the anticipated 20. The six new ones are Ant-Man #4 - WTD Variant Cover by Dave Rapoza, Daredevil #15 - WTD Variant Cover by Marguerite Sauvage, Deadpool #45 (a.k.a. #250) - WTD Variant Cover by Sanford Greene, Hulk #14 - WTD Variant Cover by Rafael Albuquerque, Legendary Star-Lord #11 by James Stokoe and Spider-Gwen #3 - WTD Variant Cover by Sergio Aragones. All-New Hawkeye #2 - WTD Variant Cover by Francesco Francavilla, Amazing Spider-Man #17 - WTD Variant Cover by W. Scott Forbes, Rocket Raccoon #10 - WTD Variant Cover by Rob Guillory and Uncanny Inhumans #0 - WTD Variant Cover by Christian Ward.

Newsarama will have more of these "What The Duck?!" covers as they're released.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0136717-7f331ed18cffd103b8f06be71a7110a2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016310 00000000000 015153  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Morse code mnemonics are systems to represent the sound of Morse characters in a way intended to be easy to remember. Since every one of these mnemonics requires a two-step mental translation between sound and character, none of these systems are useful for using manual Morse at practical speeds. Amateur radio clubs can provide resources to learn Morse code.





Visual Mnemonic [ edit ]

Baden-Powell's mnemonic chart from 1918

Visual mnemonic charts have been devised over the ages. Baden-Powell included one in the Girl Guides handbook[1] in 1918.

A contemporary Morse code chart

Here is a more up-to-date version, ca. 1988:

Other visual mnemonic systems have been created for Morse code, mapping the elements of the Morse code characters onto pictures for easy memorization. For instance, "R" (▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄) might be represented as a "racecar" seen in a profile view, with the two wheels of the racecar being the dits and the body being the dah.

English [ edit ]

Syllabic mnemonics [ edit ]

Syllabic mnemonics are based on the principle of associating a word or phrase to each Morse code letter, with stressed syllables standing for a dah and unstressed ones for a dit. There is no well-known complete set of syllabic mnemonics for English, but various mnemonics do exist for individual letters.

Character Morse Code Syllabic Mnemonic . ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ a STOP a STOP a STOP Periods are also known as "full stops". , ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ COM-MA, it's a COM-MA Self-explanatory. ? ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ it's a QUES-TION, is it? Self-explanatory. : ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ HA-WA-II stan-dard time The clocks in Hawaii are always on standard time, and don't turn an hour ahead in the summer. / ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ SHAVE and a HAIR-cut The rhythm from the musical routine. see Shave and a Haircut.

(NOTE: also Fraction Bar and Division Sign) " ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ six-TY-six nine-TY-nine Quotation marks resemble a 66 at the beginning of a quote, and a 99 at the end of a quote. ' ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ and THIS STUFF GOES TO me! An apostrophe may be used to denote ownership of property. ; ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ A-list, B-list, C-list A semicolon may be used to group ordered lists in the same sentence.

Slavic languages [ edit ]

In the Czech language, the mnemonic device to remember Morse codes lies in remembering words that begin with each appropriate letter and has so called long vowel (i.e. á é í ó ú ý) for every dash and short vowel (a e i o u y) for every dot. Additionally, some other theme-related sets of words have been thought out as Czech folklore.

Letter Morse Code Czech word Translation Alternative (folklore) Translation A ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ akát acacia absťák abstinence symptoms B ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ blýskavice lightning storm blít až doma vomit until at home C ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ cílovníci aiming sights cíl je výčep the target is the taproom D ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ dálnice highway dám jedno I'll have one (beer) E ▄▄ ▄ ▄ erb coat of arms ex one-sip-drinking F ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ Filipíny Philippines Fernet píše the Fernet's pungent G ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ Grónská zem the land of Greenland grónský rum rum of Greenland H ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ holubice dove (female) hruškovice Pear brandy Ch ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ chléb nám dává (he) gives us bread chvátám k pípám I rush to the faucets I ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ibis Ibis Iron Iron (window cleaning agent with alcohol content) J ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ jasmín bílý white Jasmine Jabčák bílý White Apple brandy K ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ království kingdom kýbl vín pot of wines L ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ lední hokej ice hockey likéreček little liquor M ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ mává waving mží z píp it's sprinkling out of faucets N ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ národ nation návyk habit O ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ó náš pán oh, our lord ó můj líh oh, my alcohol P ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ papírníci paper-makers pivní tácek beer underpad Q ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ kvílí orkán wailing hurricane kvílím ožrán I wail drunked R ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ rarášek imp rumíček little rum S ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ sekera axe sud je tu the barrel's here T ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ tón tone té tea U ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ učený erudite uchlastán fully loaded V ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ vyvolený the chosen one vodka finská Finnish vodka W ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ waltrův vůz Walter's carriage whiskou plout to float through Whiskey X ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ Xénokratés Xenocrates k sýru burčák new half-fermented wine with cheese Y ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ Ýgar mává Ygar is waving ý, jsem zlámán ee, I'm a mess Z ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ Zrádná žena perfidious woman zlískám se hned I get stoned quickly

Indonesia [ edit ]

In Indonesia, one mnemonics commonly taught in scouting method to remember Morse codes lies in remembering words that begin with each appropriate letter and substituting the o vowel for every dash and other vowels (a, i, u, and e) for every dot.

Letter Morse Code Word A ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ano B ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ bonaparte C ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ coba-coba- D ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ dominan E ▄▄ ▄ ▄ egg F ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ father joe G ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ golongan H ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ himalaya I ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ islam J ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ jago loro K ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ komando L ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ lemonade M ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ motor N ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ notes O ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ omono P ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ pertolongan Q ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ qomokaro R ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ rasome S ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ sahara T ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ tom U ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ unesco V ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ versikaro W ▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ wahono X ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ xosendero Y ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ yosimono Z ▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ zoro-aster





References [ edit ]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0136762-c652dcbc8a2c7c058ca4a343e3df1f4b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000051350 00000000000 015402  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Vasiliy Lomachenko opens up on his unconventional training methods. Tune in to watch Lomachenko take on Jose Pedraza at 9 p.m. ET Saturday on ESPN. (3:18)

Editor's note: This was originally published in December, 2017.

OXNARD, Calif. -- The training of Ukrainian Vasyl Lomachenko -- conceived, orchestrated and monitored by his father, with an assist from a psychologist trained in cognitive behaviorism -- is famously idiosyncratic. It includes street skating and juggling, handstands and tennis, which Lomachenko often plays solo, sprinting around the net to return his own lobs. There are marathons and 10K swims in open water. Sparring sessions are comprised of 15 four-minute rounds with 30 seconds of rest in between. Fresh sparring partners rotate in every three rounds, unless, as occasionally happens, they're prematurely overwhelmed by the sheer volume of punches -- every single one recorded and calibrated through the computer chips in his hand wraps -- or beaten into submission.

Lomachenko is trained by his father, Anatoly, right, in a very "old-school Russian" style. Sports psychologist Kolosov records Lomachenko's sparring workout on his phone. Gail Fisher

Once the wraps are removed, the psychological workout commences: a battery of tests and exercises using a reaction timer, small blocks or numerical charts that gained popularity as a diagnostic tool for cosmonauts and Soviet-era pilots.

But my favorite of these exercises might be the simplest: Lomachenko holds his breath.

He trains in an Olympic-sized pool. He'll sprint a lap, then return underwater in a single breath. This goes on for a while. Finally, Lomachenko submerges himself. During this camp, while preparing for fellow two-time Olympic gold medalist, Guillermo Rigondeaux, he stayed under for 3 minutes, 30 seconds.

"What's the longest he's ever gone?" I ask. Andriy Kolosov, the psychologist, relays my question to Anatoly Lomachenko, the father, who's studying the day's data, downloaded and displayed as a bar graph on his laptop. Vasyl threw 2,949 punches over 15 rounds -- average velocity 160.2 km/hour -- with little fatigue. The last round, on a double-end bag, saw him throw 324 punches. It's a good workout. I get the feeling that's why Anatoly -- "Papachenko," as he's called in the camp -- is even indulging my inquiry.

"Four-twenty," he says, in English.

"He held his breath for 4 minutes and 20 seconds?" I respond.

"Yes," says Kolosov, "during training for the Olympics."

But duration, he explains, is less important than the moment.

The moment?

"No one will train me but my father. No one will get credit for what he has already done." Vasiliy Lomachenko

"You have to meet the point of this moment," he says. "When your body tells you there is not enough oxygen, that you have to breathe, that it's important to live, that this is very dangerous to your life situation."

Ah, he means the moment: Where everything melds into one -- the physical and psychological training, the father and the son, genetics and ambition.

"This time," says Kolosov, "you answer for your body -- 'Not now!' You control your instincts. You move the limitation of your instincts."

Maybe you last another second. Or another 10. Or, in the case of Vasyl Lomachenko, 29, you last somewhere between 3:30 and 4:20.

I think I get it now. The left side of his belly bears a tattoo of his father's visage, a little more benevolent than Anatoly appears in person. Above, the legend: "Victory."

If you're Lomachenko, you want to win more than you want to breathe.

Anatoly Lomachenko gets his son ready for another sparring session in Oxnard, California. Gail Fisher

Russ Anber, Lomachenko's cutman, has been working with fighters -- tending to their wounds, their psyches and their hands -- since 1979. The history of fathers and sons in boxing, he readily admits, is "semi-f---ing disastrous."

Semi?

His present employers excluded, I ask him for a happy father-son boxing story. "Off the top of my head?" he responds, "I can't think of one."

There's no boxing equivalent of Little League or Pop Warner. There are no metaphors for violence. As artful as the sport can be, it is violence. Not every parent can put his child in harm's way. The father who works his kid's corner, I tend to find, cares most about himself: his legacy, the balancing of some imagined existential score, an affirmation of the blessings, genetic and otherwise, bestowed upon his progeny.

Fans of a certain age will recall a glowering Joe Frazier trying to stare down Mike Tyson. Seconds later, his son Marvis lay crumpled in the corner. It was the most concise cautionary tale ever seen on network television.

Danny Garcia once told me about losing in an amateur tournament, not long after his father had been released from prison.

"When we got back to the room, he threw me against the wall, and he put his hands around my neck and he said, 'From now on, I'm training you, and if you ever lose again, I'm going to hurt you.'"

Then his father grabbed an iron, putting it to his face. "I'll burn you," he said.

Danny was 11. He didn't lose again until he was 28.

Freddie Roach recalls his father waiting for him in the dressing room after his last pro fight, a lackluster loss in the Lowell Auditorium.

"How could you have been so good," asked Paul Roach, former featherweight champ of New England, "and end up like this?"

That was the last he saw of his father. Now a seven-time trainer of the year, Roach was among the chief seconds that manager Egis Klimas had in mind for Lomachenko when he turned pro in 2012. But Vasyl refused. Nothing against Freddie. Or Garcia. Or any of them. Vasyl understood it was a different game than the amateurs. He understood too the manager's grave reservations about father-son boxing teams. He didn't care.

"No one will train me but my father," he told Klimas. "No one will get credit for what he has already done."

Every day of training for Vasiliy Lomachenko includes a unique set of physical and mental exercises. Gail Fisher

Anatoly wasn't raising a mere fighter, but a prodigy, that most Faustian of bargains, an attempt at perfection. Hence, there might be more apt comparisons for the Lomachenkos.

Pete Maravich, for example, was raised by a coach to be the perfect basketball player. As Pete came of age, his sadness bordered on suicidal. Marv Marinovich tried to create the perfect quarterback, but son Todd wound up a drug addict, instead. Even the great Tiger Woods experiment seems diminished by the knowledge that he fell apart after his father died.

Of course, no story like this would feel relevant without a reference to LaVar Ball and his sons. Their goal, it appears, is to make a lot of noise and sell a lot of sneakers. If Ball seeks perfection, it's in the branding. In other words, not only does LaVar Ball explain the American condition, he's a perfect counterpoint for the Lomachenkos.

Their concern is less commerce than posterity. But their egos are bigger too. All fighters are vain. They spend their working lives rehearsing in front of a mirror, after all. Still, I've never heard an athlete like Vasyl express such outrageous ambition with such sincere shamelessness. His aspiration isn't a title, or several, or even a pound-for-pound designation.

"History," he says. "If, in 10 years, or 20 or 30 years, you sit down with your friends and talk about boxing, you need to remember my name."

By you, he means the grandmothers chewing sunflower seeds as they gossip back in his hometown of Akkerman (the name he calls it, dating to the Ottoman Empire). But he's also referring to guys who'd gather at a barber shop in Queens. Or a gym in L.A. Or a pub in Sheffield. The truth is, Vasyl Lomachenko considers his style, as aggressive as it is aesthetic, superior to Floyd Mayweather's. It's not internet rankings that concern him so much as a kind of immortality, consideration alongside Ray Robinson, Jack Dempsey and, yes, Muhammad Ali. The goal isn't mercantile, but mythic. A famous American sentence, rewritten: There goes Vasyi Lomachenko, the best there ever was. ...

Now that's ego.

But what of its origin?

Vasyl was just three days old when his father, a physical education teacher and boxing coach, put his hands in a pair of gloves. It's not that Vasyl can't remember the first time he went to a gym. He doesn't remember not being in a gym.

"Then whose dream is this," I ask. "Yours or your father's?"

And for the first time in the two weeks I've spent at his camp, I see his ice blue eyes narrow. "It is my dream. Mine."

I inquire, then, as to the nature of his talent. A prodigy -- a John Coltrane or Michael Jordan, for example -- is predisposed to practice longer and harder than the merely gifted. During my time in the Lomachenko camp, I've seen him do everything but take a break.

"My talent is I understand what I want," he says. "I know the price. I understand I need to answer for my words."

Lomachenko doesn't brag. He makes oaths, and keeps them. It runs in the blood. His son, also named Anatoly, was 5 last year when he asked for an iPhone. "You must work for it," Vasyl said. The boy gave his word, and after five months of training, little Anatoly ran from their home in Akkerman to Zatoka, a resort town on the Black Sea. It's about 15 miles, and it took him 2 hours, 15 minutes, according to Vasyl. He got more than an iPhone, though. He learned what his father had, at about the same age. The real joy is in the work, the training.

Danny Garcia wept after he told me of that night in the hotel. Truth is, he wasn't angry at his father. In his own way, twisted or not, he was grateful that it made him a fighter. I think of Maravich, the pathos in his eyes. And this debate about Lonzo Ball, and his oft-discussed, much-alleged passivity. But Vasyl -- even as his father stands over him, counting, calibrating, critiquing every punch -- seems their antithesis.

"Watch him when he smiles," says the cutman, Russ Anber. "It's from the heart."

There's an unmistakable delight with which he trains. He's that rare and most dangerous of fighters: the happy one. And as it pertains to perils of collaboration between fathers and sons, especially those in the anguished history of combat sports, these Lomachenkos might yet prove the glorious exception.

According to Lomachenko, when he wants to stop, he looks to his father -- it gives him the power to go on and work harder. Gail Fisher

Akkerman, better known as Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi, is a town of 50,000 with a famous "White Castle" on an estuary leading to the Black Sea. Anatoly once told colleagues he'd like to produce a champion from their hometown, but he didn't want to say more than that.

Anatoly had been, no surprise, an amateur fighter. How good? Or what he might have been? His hopes and aspirations?

"I never asked my father about his dream," Vasyl says. He knew only that his father turned him southpaw before he began sparring. He was 4 the first time. He beat a 6-year-old.

When Vasyl himself was 6, he asked his father if it were better to win an amateur world title or an Olympic gold medal. The gold, said his father. Then gold it would be. It's unclear what his father thought. But the child took it as a vow. "I need to prove it," he says. "To my father and me."

The more he worked, the more apparent were his gifts -- not just ambition, but genetic, as well. While his father had been a boxer, his mother, Tetiana, began as a gymnast. They met while students at the State Pedagogical Institute in Odessa. It was Anatoly who suggested she try judo. After only a year, Tetiana placed fourth in the Soviet judo championships.

Anatoly thought deeply about athletic performance, ideas eventually crystalizing into convictions. It was important for Vasyl to maintain good grades, as an educated body was governed by an educated mind, intellectually stimulated and capable of decision-making under stress. Anatoly never believed in the kind of early specialization so prevalent today. Even as he boxed, Vasyl also played soccer and hockey and wrestled. At 10, he began traditional Ukrainian folk dance.

It wasn't Vasyl's idea, prancing about in a sash, bright boots and billowy satin pantaloons, but it's too much to say his father forced him.

"He explain me," Vasyl says. Such reasoning was typically delivered with an economy of expression, just a deep stare as Anatoly explained cause and effect as inexorably linked facts.

"You want to be a great boxer? he asked.

"Yes."

"Then you must learn to dance."

Vasyl danced two hours every day after school. Then he'd go home for a bite and head to the gym. That was his routine, almost four years in pantaloons. But it endowed him with what he has today, the finest footwork in boxing. Unlike most fighters, Vasyl's was a balanced, harmonious youth. He read a Russian translation of "Tom Sawyer" in grade school. He learned to hunt for pheasant and duck and to fish for carp. "The Fast and the Furious" franchise seems to have contributed to his passion for drifting in supercharged cars (he has a hollowed-out Nissan 240 SX and a Mercedes-AMG C63). His favorite movie, for a time, was "300" -- which accounts for the Spartan warrior tattooed to his back. ("A young mistake," he says sheepishly). His musical taste runs to deep house music. But nothing in his background suggests the depth or the well-mannered ferocity of his desire.

Ready for anything, even at 12 As a 12-year-old soccer goalie, Vasiliy fell on a branch making a save. He continued to play, not knowing he'd been hurt until he looked down to see his jersey and shorts turned crimson. Then he ran home, looked in the mirror and saw that his lower lip was now two lower lips. He burst into tears. "Why are you hysterical?" asked his father. It wasn't the lip. Or the pain. Or the blood. There was boxing tournament in Akkerman the following weekend. "I cannot box in the competition," said Vasiliy. "Calm down," said his father, who took him to the hospital, where Vasiliy recalls a doctor asking if he wanted to watch cartoons on the DVR. "Do you have Mike Tyson-Evander Holyfield?" A general anesthetic was administered intravenously, and Vasiliy's recollection ends there. But the hospital staff told Lomachenko that they recalled a fitful child speaking in tongues. "Give me Tyson," the staff said he called out. "I want to fight Tyson." A week later, wearing amateur headgear, Vasiliy won the local tournament, a zipper of stitches on his lip exposed but untouched.

Vasyl's amateur record was 396-1. His single loss to Albert Selimov in 2007 was twice avenged. With his father by then coaching the national team, he won gold in 2008 and again in 2012, one of five medals the Ukraine took home from the London Olympics. Oleksandr Gvozdyk, a bronze medalist now 14-0 as a light heavyweight, says of the elder Lomachenko: "He built a special spirit on that team. He never yells or intimidates, just explain."

Gvozdyk's indoctrination into the Lomachenko method included crossword puzzles as training aids. Learning to walk on his hands. Volleyball. Basketball. Tennis. Marathons and distance swims.

"I have not enough balls to tell him that these things don't work," Gvozdyk says. "People think we're crazy. But these things give you mental supremacy."

Toward that end -- mental supremacy -- Anatoly had hired Kolosov in anticipation of the 2012 Olympics. He was a young Ph.D., a former tumbler, but the bulk of his experience had been working with air force pilots, not fighters.

"I don't need a psychologist," protested Vasyl. For once, Anatoly didn't explain. "You need to believe me," Vasyl said. "My character is strong."

"It's not what you think," said his father. "You don't need to talk to anyone about your feelings."

Eventually, Kolosov became the most prominent voice in the Lomachenko camp, outside of Anatoly. Kolosov was there when Vasyl won the second gold. Kolosov was there when he turned pro, a negotiation with one overriding concern -- not the signing bonus, but whether Vasyl could make history by fighting for the featherweight title in his pro debut.

As it happened, he had to settle for a title shot in his second fight. Orlando Salido's strategy was to come in over the weight limit and foul often. It cost Lomachenko a split decision, but it was also an education and proof that an undefeated record remains the most overrated commodity in boxing.

Lomachenko has held the WBO super featherweight title since 2016 and previously the WBO featherweight title from 2014-2016. Gail Fisher

Now, at 9-1, a champion at both featherweight and super featherweight, a victory over Cuban Guillermo Rigondeaux on Saturday night would grant what the House of Lomachenko has long coveted: not just a claim as the best in the world, but everlasting consideration as an historic fighter.

"I've been in the business over 20 years," says Cicilio Flores, the strength and conditioning coach. "He's the most dedicated fighter I've ever worked with."

If the work is hard, it's never predictable. Flores might begin a day by requiring Vasyl to sink 50 3-pointers. His father might have him kick a hacky sack 75 times before it hits the floor. It's not just physical dexterity they're after, but something cognitive. "Mental flexibility," Kolosov calls it.

It's not merely the quantification of every move he makes or the 15 four-minute rounds. In the past weeks, he has gone against champions and sent them home prematurely. He has been wrestled and low-blowed. He'll return a foul quickly, with clinical precision -- a right hook to the cup, followed by a right uppercut -- that leaves his opponent gasping and calling for time. But I never saw him angry or tense.

One night, his father dons a body shield and moves around the ring to imitate Rigondeaux on his imaginary bicycle. After sparring and bag work, it's an exercise in exhausted pursuit, designed to exasperate Vasyl.

"Enough with your bicycle," he tells his father. "I am Rigo!" the father says fiercely.

"No," he says, grinning. "You are Lance f---ing Armstrong."

It's another manifestation of both talent and training -- to remain unprovoked, to resist the tremors and spasms that affect lesser fighters.

Lomachenko works the heavy bag, practicing an assortment of angles and the techniques he learned from his father. Gail Fisher

In the fourth round of his most recent bout, against Miguel Marriaga, Lomachenko suffered the first serious cut of his career -- a forked gash that would require eight stitches. Vasyl could see the wound dripping on the monitor between rounds.

"You always wonder about a guy," Anber says. "How he'll react the first time."

In Lomachenko's case, though, he didn't react. Marriaga's corner stopped it after two more rounds.

The cut was another version of The Moment. If this is Anatoly's masterpiece, Kolosov has been called to apply the finishing touches.

"All the pressure in training, it opens you to situational possibility," Kolosov says. "You can't adapt in the ring unless you have the psychic resources. You cannot be tense, or angry or scared. His best ability is to recognize possibility in the ring."

What the shrink is really talking about is creativity.

"For Vasyl, it is art," he says. Vasyl moves like a dancer, never an awkward moment. The punches vary in angle, cadence and power. But there's a rhythm throughout. Kolosov calls it "flow," citing the work of the Hungarian-born psychologist Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi.

In the flow state, individuals are fully engaged in a difficult task, intrinsically motivated, and very happy. Improvisational brilliance is born of repetition. It explains, in some measure, the art of jazz, and it justifies a comparison with Lomachenko's style. But unlike Vasyl, musicians don't create amid violent circumstance.

That said, Lomachenko might have found the perfect opponent. If he represents rhythm and flow, Rigondeaux signifies the opposite: harmony vs. entropy. There's a reason no one wants to fight Rigondeaux, who is also a southpaw. He'll not only make you look bad, he'll brutalize you too. Whatever your tempo, Rigondeaux seeks to disrupt it.

Perhaps that's why he has been trying to provoke Lomachenko -- poking fun at his training regimen and predicting "a massacre."

"We understand why this is happening," Kolosov says. "We teach to understand our opponent, his nuances. Every opening we study. We train to make our activity more cognitive than emotional. Rigo is just a task to us."

Flores is less circumspect:

"Vasyl doesn't play that. I think he feels disrespected."

Prediction?

"Vasyl's going to mess him up. Bad."

Flores has been with the Lomachenkos since their third pro fight, when they beat an undefeated Gary Russell Jr. for the title. He has been there every round since.

During the sparring, Flores takes a seat a few steps from Anatoly. The father counts each punch with a hand-held clicker. Kolosov films the rounds. Flores just watches.

One time, Flores asked the old man, "Did you know what he was going to be?"

"It was all designed," Anatoly says. "It was written down."

But when? When was The Moment?

"Before he was conceived."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0136744-a419bfbc5de75a930d338e4e6b4d8c69.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004657 00000000000 015304  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Friday Night Lights will celebrate the 10th anniversary of the show’s premiere later this year, but a large portion of its cast is reuniting early at the the ATX Television Festival in Austin this weekend. With that in mind, this week seemed like as good a time as any to take a deep dive into remembering the show, which became somewhat of a cult classic during its five season run on NBC and, later, The 101 Network.

That’s where the Clear Eyes, Full Hearts, Pod Cast series comes in. The five-part podcast series puts four FNL superfans in a room to discuss the show’s characters and plot points in season-by-season roundtable format. From its beautiful, triumphant moments to the hilarious and infuriating imperfections, it’s all broken down by myself, DJ Bean (WEEI), John Feitelberg (Barstool Sports) and Jeff Israel (Funny Internet Man.)

Some season one topics:

The Tim Riggins/Lyla Garrity relationship and who’s more to blame

Matt Saracen’s unlikely rise to stardom

Coach Taylor drawing inspiration from Bill Belichick

Is dating a coach’s daughter acceptable?

Why Voodoo missed the mark as a villain

Drawing lines between being pro and anti-Lorraine Saracen

The magic of Jesse Plemons as Landry Clarke

Each episode also features an interview with a cast member from the show. For Part 1, we talked to Zach Gilford, who played the role of young Dillon Panthers quarterback Matt Saracen. (Interview starts at 1:07:00.) The awkward and unassuming Saracen is a central character of the show right from season one, when he’s thrown into the fire after Dillon’s star quarterback Jason Street left paralyzed during a game.

We talked to Gilford about his experience playing Saracen, his thoughts on certain storylines, and much more. We discussed how awkward it was to be a 23-year-old actor paired with a 16-year-old love interest on set, and he shared his feelings on the Saracen-Julie Taylor relationship as a whole.

Gilford will be one of the cast members heading to Austin for the reunion this weekend, and he’ll also be teaming up with Taylor Kitsch (Tim Riggins), Minka Kelly (Lyla Garrity), and Aimee Teegarden (Julie) to run a Spartan Race together later this month as a part of a promotion with Marriott. He discusses his training for the race and looks ahead to the big reunion.

Season two will be discussed on Tuesday with another special guest. You can subscribe to the podcast on iTunes as well, and feedback is always appreciated.                                                                                 0136693-29492165aeb8e7cf171aab7d63e2f313.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017353 00000000000 015127  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Once written off, Todd Akin has a chance in Missouri thanks to conservative support Photo by Whitney Curtis/Getty Images.

MT. VERNON, Mo.—“I can understand ‘legitimate’ [rape]” says Dee Eukel. “I understand it, because I was a victim. And our local prosecutor told me: We best accept a plea bargain because we can’t get a prosecution on rape.”

It’s Monday evening at the rec center in this small town, halfway between Joplin and Springfield on I-44. Drive up that highway, which connects the southwest counties to St. Louis, and you see the smallish towns and largish chapels where Republican margins are built. The McCain-Palin ticket won Mt. Vernon’s county by 37 points. When the Republicans held their U.S. Senate primary, Todd Akin won this county by 8 points. Akin’s political base is the conservative suburbs of St. Louis, but 30 percent of the state’s GOP vote comes from this region, and it’s behind him now. “We’re going to over-perform here in order to win,” says Akin strategist Rick Tyler.

Dee Eukel’s husband, a rabbi, manages the Leaders Leading Locally Institute, a conservative group that brings activists together to talk politics and charity. That is why we’re in this recreation center, talking about a U.S. Senate race.

If Akin can beat Sen. Claire McCaskill, if the polls that have him down by only 1 point are accurate, it will be because he does well in places like this—well with voters like Eukel. She’s 69, and her assault happened more than a decade ago. She remembers her attacker’s threat, word for word: “I can kill you anytime I want.” Her voice still cracks with resentment of how the state put him in jail for only seven years. This is why she defends Todd Akin, why she’s even posted her story on Facebook.

“When a prosecutor tells a woman he can’t get a conviction, why is that?” asks Eukel. “It’s because of illegitimate accusations. You look at it from a little bit different point of view when you’ve been in a situation. I understood. If the prosecutor can’t get a conviction, it’s because the system has been abused. There’s no excuse for a rape of any kind, but there are too many who’ll say, well, she asked for it.” All Akin did was misspeak. “What he said may have been bad, but look at some of the things our vice president has said—that would be unacceptable to anyone!”

Southwest Missouri made the Todd Akin candidacy, and southwest Missouri could save it. During the primary, McCaskill threw money into chaos-making “anti-Akin” ads that reminded voters here just how frightfully conservative the guy was. After Akin made his “legitimate rape” comment, and national Republicans demanded that he quit to make room for a candidate who didn’t talk like that on live TV, Republican organizations here stuck by him. Walk into the Jasper County Republican office, just east of Joplin, and you see a sign declaring proudly that it receives NO Republican National Committee or Missouri Republican Party Funding. Its two ranch-style offices and bushels of Akin signs and literature are funded by the faithful, not the fretful.

John Putnam, 65, is chairman of this local party. When I stop by, he’s helping deliver some chairs to an Americans for Prosperity rally—not affiliated with any party—that’s happening across the street. Putnam’s family arrived in America in the 1640s, and he wears a baseball cap decorated with one of George Washington’s flags, pausing occasionally to check an iPhone protected by a stars-and-stripes case.

“If you take the national or state money you have to do what the party tells you,” says Putnam. “People don’t think [Akin]should’ve been hung out to dry.” They’re offended, actually, that the media so mangled what Akin was saying. “A lot of women today still tell me that Akin said women can’t get pregnant from rape. You just had to look at the tape to see what he was trying to say, but said poorly: Stress reduces the likelihood of somebody getting pregnant.”

Over two long travel days, and a few hundred miles of road, I fail to find any Republican voters who substantively disagreed with Akin. The big media rap on Akin this week is that he found McCaskill more “ladylike” in her 2006 race. Akin’s team sees a clear separation between the national media’s focus and the worries of Missouri. “It’s like night and day,” says Tyler. “I’m sure the Washington and New York media can find ways to be offended. But it’s pathetic, it’s stupid, it’s sophomoric, it’s ridiculous.”

Outside Akinworld (the campaign) and Akinland (hardcore conservative Missouri), you can find plenty of panicky Republicans. Tom Davis, a former Virginia congressman who ran the GOP’s congressional campaign in 2000, remembers how Akin eked out a win in a five-way primary, seemingly putting a swing seat at risk. Akin predicted that “my base will come out in earthquakes.” It did, and he won by 14 points. You beat the “smart kids” enough times and you start to think you can’t lose. That’s what made Akin intractable when Republicans were on bended knee asking him to quit. But he wasn’t the only Republican who believed it.

Shortly before I leave Joplin’s AFP rally I talk to Jane Obert, the city of Neosho’s finance director. Off duty for the day, she’s wearing the red-and-blue colors of the Southwest Missouri Conservative Network, another one of the umbrella groups down here that’s weathered the decline of the Tea Party.

“What he actually said, that riled people up, was not said eloquently for a politician,” says Obert. “But it was actually true. Any time women are in a highly stressful situation, they’re not likely to get pregnant.” She points me to the Department of Health and Human Services website, which says this much in a HealthTip. “It’s a clear choice.

Do you stand for life, or do you stand for murdering unborn babies for any time and any reason. Claire McCaskill wants to make it legal to suck an unborn baby’s brains out. How barbaric is that?”

At the Leaders Leading Locally event, this is taken for granted. The evening begins when Rabbi Eukel warns about the “false barriers” set up by politicos and the media. Among them: “That the secular and the sacred are not together. That legislation and God’s love don’t mix.” We pray, we recite the Pledge of Allegiance, and then we listen to Ed Martin, the Republican candidate for attorney general. He has the build and voice of the old professional wrestler Jerry Lawler, and travels to some campaign events in a rehabbed ambulance to remind voters of the faults of Obamacare. He rat-a-tats through a list of ways that the Democratic incumbent, Chris Koster, has become “Obama’s lawyer”—signs with this message are available at the door. “If Obama wins I’ll probably sue him every day,” says Martin. “If Romney wins, I’ll sue him every other day.”

It’s one of those town halls where open-ended questions lead to all-encompassing answers. A voter asks Martin what he’ll do to defend small businesses. The candidate answers, then gets into a monologue about Akin—how his fatal TV clip was engineered by a “bottom-feeding leftist,” and why conservatives should get his back.

“One of the terrible things about the Todd situation, about how it all happened, was the lack of charity that people had towards him,” says Martin. “He said something that was really not well said, yeah. And he apologized. And he should have. But in that period of time, there were a lot of people from far-off lands that were just pounding away on a man and who he was. I thought he made a mistake that might be fatal. It might still be, in terms of his political career. But he’s a man.”

Watch: Political Kombat, the 2012 campaign told through video game fights.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136761-8b2e0c514e725d1ab03be6ef4f696abd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012532 00000000000 015327  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        By

21st Century Wire says…

This latest revelation really changes the whole cold war paradigm – as we learn how one country is willing and able to deploy ‘guerrilla nuclear war’…



The US military lists these devices as “Special Atomic Demolition Munition” (SAMD), and it’s more than likely that these programs have advanced in their scope and sophistication since the 1980’s. Do not believe for a minute that this program was “halted” in 1989 as the official line goes.

It’s also important to note here that this “New Look” strategy is designed as a nuclear first strike against a Soviet ‘conventional’ attack, and not as retaliation for an opposing nuclear attack on the US. This throws the whole orthodoxy of “Mutually Assured Destruction” (MAD) into disarray now, as we get a real insight beyond the comfortable assurances given to the public by US politicians and academics.

Even today in 2014, there are still many Americans who are in denial that their own country has already developed – and deployed, smaller tactical ‘battlefield nukes’.

This is only the tip of a much larger iceberg…

RT.com

Skiing down a mountain and into a battlefield with a nuclear bomb strapped to your back seems like something you’d see only in a James Bond movie, but that’s just one of the things the US elite military personnel were trained to do during the Cold War.

In a detailed report by Foreign Policy, the publication chronicles the creation of the Special Atomic Demolition Munition (SAMD), a portable nuclear weapon that could be carried into battlefield by a single solider. During the Cold War’s final 25 years, Navy SEALs and Army Special Forces were trained to carry these “backpack nukes” beyond enemy lines where, if necessary, they’d be used to destroy valuable infrastructure and keep opposing forces at bay.

Concerned with the Soviet Union’s military advantage over the United States and its allies in terms of manpower and traditional weaponry, President Dwight Eisenhower looked to enhancing the country’s nuclear capabilities as a way to level the playing field. His “New Look” strategy, however, promised “massive retaliation” to any form of aggression by the Soviet Union – a bold strategy that in reality left the US with little room to maneuver.

“In the event that communist forces launched a limited, non-nuclear attack, the president would have to choose between defeat at the hands of a superior conventional force or a staggeringly disproportionate (and potentially suicidal) strategic nuclear exchange that would kill hundreds of millions of people,” the report stated.

In an attempt to develop targeted nuclear weapons that wouldn’t cause as many casualties, the SAMD was born. Often strapped to a soldier’s back, the 58-pound bomb made it difficult for soldiers to maneuver through a war zone, and those chosen to carry the device – known as the “Green Light” teams – underwent extensive training to ensure they could deliver the bomb, even at the expense of their own lives.

“I think that my first reaction was that I didn’t believe it,” former Green Light member Ken Richter told Foreign Policy. “Because everything that I’d seen prior to that, World War II, showed this huge weapon. And we were going to put it on our backs and carry it? I thought they were joking.”

More powerful than the bomb dropped on Hiroshima, though, the SAMD was no laughing matter. US forces would be subjected to eight to 12 hours of training a day when it came to using the device, and in some cases troops would parachute out of planes with the SAMD dangling below them in a protective case, dive underwater with it in a pressurized case, or, yes, ski down a mountain with bomb attached to them.

“I had a lot of people that I interviewed for our team,” Richter recalled. “Once they found out what the mission was, they said, ‘No, thanks. I’d rather go back to Vietnam.’ “

Fortunately, these weapons were never actually used. US allies were not particularly fond of the idea of detonating numerous nuclear devices across their countries, while others within the American military questioned the whole enterprise.

“In our hearts, we knew nobody was going to give control of these to a bunch of big old boys running around the countryside,” Tom Davis, another Green Light member, told Foreign Policy. “We just didn’t believe it was ever going to happen.”

The SADM program was officially halted in 1989, after the Defense and Energy departments found it to be “obsolete.”

This, however, wasn’t the only controversial idea the United States tested during the Cold War. A lawsuit is currently unfolding in federal court concerning a military program that subjected servicemen to various secret drug and chemical experiments. The US hoped to discover new ways to control human behavior, pinpoint weaknesses, hypnotize, and increase an individual’s resistance to torture.

As a result, many former soldiers have come forward claiming that their long-term health problems are a direct product of the experiments conducted on them. The Department of Veterans Affairs has generally declined to cover the health costs of these individuals, though just recently a federal judge ruled the US must notify all veterans of any potential health problems stemming from the experiments.

READ MORE WMD NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire WMD Files                                                                                                                                                                      0136733-41caa8e68963133f3d21427426b62414.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004016 00000000000 014524  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Wednesday night on “The Colbert Report,” host Stephen Colbert discussed the sorry low point that some Republicans have come to in the wake of the 2012 elections and the paranoid conspiracy theories that many of them are still clinging to.

Colbert began by saying that he likes to take a moment each holiday season to contemplate the fate of those less fortunate, “and not just because it makes me feel better by comparison.”

“The Congo,” he said thoughtfully before waiting a beat, then changing the subject.

The people who most deserve our pity this season, he said, are pollsters.

“Just one month ago, everyone was glued to their projections about the race between Barack Obama aaaaaaaand, shoot, what’s his name?” he said. “I’m want to say ‘Cake Bunty!’ No, that’s the name of my pet cake.”

And while most polling firms have been putting their feet up in the wake of the elections, Colbert said, and “in spite of having nothing to ask,” the firm Public Policy Polling (PPP) has continued to poll people about their thought regarding the election.





PPP found, startlingly, that 49 percent of Republicans believe that the now now-defunct group ACORN stole the election for the president. Colbert said, however, that this is just proof that the conspiracy runs deep, “so deep that it doesn’t exist.”

“And you know what else doesn’t exist?” he said, “ACORN!”

PPP found that 39 percent of Americans say they have a strong opinion about the Simpson-Bowles Act, the deficit reduction package put together by a committee chaired by retired Sen. Alan Simpson (R-WY) and Erskine Bowles, former Clinton Chief of Staff. The polling firm also found that 25 percent of Americans say they have a strong opinion about the Panetta-Burns Act, a non-existent policy proposal that PPP made up to see if respondents would openly lie.

“So, personally I salute PPP for turning public interest statistical analysis into an episode of ‘Jaywalking,'” he concluded.

Watch the clip, embedded via Comedy Central, below:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136053-874eb8cc001be9eb64175ae767471481.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003206 00000000000 014757  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The SC3 Gera Baja is an off-road Baja 1000 race bike from two motorcyclists at the top of their careers. The motorcycle is a Harley-Davidson based off-road bike conceptualized by designer / builder Jim Carducci with race ready input from pro Ironman racer Tony Gera.

Tony Gera is the 2016 Baja 1000 Ironman champion and he’ll be riding this bike in the 2019 Baja 1000. A Pro Ironman rider competes for the entire 1000 km of the race by himself on one bike with no rest or break. Tony rebuilt the motor to be over 100 hp. “100+ mph lights” are for Tony to race at night. The front and rear travel are each 10″. The race bike weighs 23 lbs less than our SC3 Adventure and is much lighter than the original H-D.

See detail photos here and follow us on social media (links above and below). We’ll keep posting up to the race in Nov 2019.

Tony will be riding the motorcycle from the San Francisco Bay Area of California down to the Baja 1000 race, pre-running and racing on the same bike, and riding it back home.

Mike Accorsi of Accorsi Studios has been filming the whole process from the day when Jim and Tony met, through the build, and beyond. Visit Accorsi Studios’ website for more details on the upcoming film, the project, how you can get involved, and the potential reach of this project.

Send us an email to discuss ways to support Tony Gera and the SC3 Gera Baja Project in 2019. Or contact us now by giving Mike Accorsi a call at 408-337-2468 or sending him an email via accorsistudios@gmail.com.

Jim Carducci Co-owner and Chief Designer Tony Gera Pro Ironman Motorcycle Racer Michael Accorsi Filmmaker



PRODUCT SPONSORSHIP AND OTHER DONATIONS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136775-0fbaae25ef6008b0285333cd5c9147c7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002412 00000000000 015105  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A proposal to construct a 180-kilometre long conduit from the Red Sea to the Dead Sea is economically and environmentally feasible, according to draft studies posted online last week by the World Bank.

Israel, Jordan and the Palestinian Authority asked the World Bank to look at the plan in 2005. Channelling water downhill to the salty Dead Sea would help to refill the shrinking lake (see ‘New life for the Dead Sea?’, Nature 464, 1118–1120; 2010). Fears that the Dead Sea might disappear altogether are not unfounded: Israel and Jordan are now diverting water that previously flowed into it, and research in 2011 found that the Dead Sea has disappeared completely in the far-distant past (see ‘The Dead (and departed) Sea‘).

At the same time, water flowing down the conduit would also generate hydroelectricity to run a desalination plant. And — no small thing — the project might aid regional cooperation.

Drafts of the World Bank’s studies on the economics and environmental and social impacts of the idea show that three main concepts were considered: a tunnel, a tunnel with canals in parts and a pipeline. The latter is the recommended project, at a cost of around US$10 billion.

Final reports are expected in April, after a series of public meetings next month.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136690-35eb98016ce302da9ae4b4d1148de530.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020562 00000000000 015105  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.

April 4, 2016, 12:35 PM GMT / Updated April 4, 2016, 1:38 PM GMT By Mark Murray, Chuck Todd and Carrie Dann

First Read is a morning briefing from Meet the Press and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.

What Tuesday’s Wisconsin primary will tell us (and what it won’t)

Ahead of tomorrow’s Wisconsin primary, for both the Republicans and Democrats, it’s worth noting what Tuesday’s results will tell us -- and what they won’t. What they will tell us:

If the “Stop Trump” forces can finally notch a big win: Since Mitt Romney delivered his anti-Trump speech a month ago, the “Stop Trump” forces haven’t been able to beat the real-estate mogul -- outside of Ohio (John Kasich’s home state), Idaho, and Utah. So a win in Wisconsin would be a real victory for the #NeverTrump folks.

If Ted Cruz can narrow his delegate deficit with Trump: Wisconsin awards 42 delegates, and it’s possible that Cruz can win all of them -- given that they’re allocated winner-take-all by both statewide vote (15 total delegates) and results in individual congressional districts (three delegates in each of the state’s eight districts). So Trump’s current lead could shrink from 275 delegates to 233 (if Cruz wins all of the delegates). Or it could shrink to around 260 (if Trump is able to win some of the congressional districts). And in race where EVERY delegate matters, this is important.

If Bernie Sanders can truly cut into Hillary Clinton’s delegate lead: Unlike the GOP side, all Democratic delegates are allocated on a proportional basis, which means a two- or four-point Sanders win (as the current polling reflects) won’t really alter the math in the Democratic race. If Sanders wants to overtake Clinton in pledged delegates, he needs to win in Wisconsin (as well as New York and California) by MUCH bigger margins.

What tomorrow’s Wisconsin primary won’t tell us

If a loss dooms Trump’s path to the magic number of 1,237 delegates: Wisconsin awards 42 delegates on the Republican side. But New York (on April 19) gives out 95, and Connecticut/Delaware/Maryland/Pennsylvania/Rhode Island (April 26) offer 172, which means that Trump can more than make up for a Wisconsin loss as the GOP contest turns to the Northeast.

If Cruz really has the momentum: Similarly, while a Cruz win tomorrow would certainly boost his campaign, it wouldn’t tell us if the race has fundamentally changed. For that to happen, Cruz would need to overperform in the Northeast.

If Clinton is in real trouble: Make no mistake: A Sanders win in Wisconsin would launch another round of tough stories for Hillary Clinton and her campaign. But for Team Clinton to truly be in trouble -- and for the Democratic alarm bell to sound off -- Sanders has to beat her in New York in two weeks.

Is the Sanders campaign all but admitting defeat?

The question is whether this kind of story -- the Sanders campaign all but admitting to the New York Times that Sanders is unlikely to beat Clinton -- ends up hurting him in Wisconsin and New York. “Mr. Sanders is now campaigning more effectively than many expected, exposing Mrs. Clinton’s weaknesses as a candidate, and is positioning himself to win contests like the Wisconsin primary on Tuesday. But allies and advisers of Mr. Sanders say they missed opportunities to run an aggressive political operation in 2015 that would have presented more of a challenge to Mrs. Clinton. She has now firmly built a big lead in delegates needed to clinch the nomination — a margin that would be smaller if Mr. Sanders had run differently last year, according to interviews with more than 15 people who are on his team or close to him.” It’s hard to sustain a revolution when the revolutionaries are admitting that the war is over and that they lost. And that’s the impression you get after reading the story. Will this affect Sanders’ voter mobilization, his grassroots donor base, and his attacks on Clinton on the campaign trail?

An important reminder: Delegates -- not the voters -- select the presidential nominee

On “Meet the Press” yesterday, RNC Chair Reince Priebus made an important acknowledgement: The people who choose the GOP presidential nominee aren’t the voters – but rather the delegates who will be headed to Cleveland in July. “The nomination is won on the floor in Cleveland by the majority of delegates that get empowered and by the vote of the people,” Priebus said. “So the voters in these states, their votes end up causing delegates to be bound to candidates, and those delegates will have to vote for those candidates on the floor.” And in that delegate race, there were some developments over the weekend: “Ted Cruz’s preferred candidates won the vast majority of convention delegates available in North Dakota over the weekend, taking 18 of 25 slots in the state in another show of organizational strength over Donald Trump,” Politico writes. But NBC’s Decision Desk gives Cruz seven delegates to Trump’s 1, with the other 20 uncommitted. And in Tennessee, NBC’s Alex Jaffe and Vaughn Hillyard report, the state party filled Trump’s delegates with non-Trump people. Priebus responded to that on “Meet” yesterday. “Donald Trump has 33 delegates in Tennessee. And they're bound to Donald Trump, not just for one vote, but in Tennessee, they're actually bound for two votes. And nothing can change that.” But here’s the rub: What happens on a third vote? It’s another reminder that if the GOP nomination goes to a second (or third) vote, Trump probably won’t be your 2016 GOP nominee.

Trump, Cruz forces team up to block Kasich from Cleveland

MSNBC’s Ari Melber has more GOP convention/delegate intrigue. “The Donald Trump and Ted Cruz campaigns are working to prevent John Kasich from appearing on the ballot at the Republican National Convention in July, MSNBC has learned, an aggressive strategy suggesting the GOP's leading candidates are girding for a contested convention to select the party's nominee… Both campaigns are backing a rule that would require candidates to achieve a minimum amount of support to get on the ballot, which could block Kasich in Cleveland. That would effectively end his campaign. Kasich cannot mathematically win the nomination through the primaries, so his only hope is to win on a convention ballot.”

Sanders flips two delegates in Nevada (for now)

When it comes to the delegate race on the Democratic side, here’s Nevada political reporter Jon Ralston: “Despite losing the state on Feb. 20 in the caucus, Bernie Sanders' campaign swarmed the Clark County caucus and probably flipped two delegates from Hillary Clinton's camp... That is expected to switch two delegates to Sanders, giving Clinton an 18-17 lead in Nevada.” But per NBC's Decision Desk, it is critical to remember that the At-Large/PLEO numbers can and probably will change at the Nevada state convention on May 14-16. These county convention results do NOT change the winner of the Nevada caucuses. Clinton won Nevada, based on the Feb. 20 results. The results of the succeeding levels do not change that.

Where the Democratic delegate race currently stands

Here are NBC’s updated delegate numbers after accounting for the two flipped delegates in Nevada.

In pledged delegates, Clinton holds a 255-delegate lead over Sanders

Clinton 1235 (56% of delegates won)

Sanders 980 (44%)

In overall delegates (including superdelegates), Clinton holds a 680-delegate lead over Sanders

Clinton 1692 (63%)

Sanders 1012 (37%)

Clinton must win 34% of remaining delegates to hit 2383 magic number

Sanders must win 66% of remaining delegates to hit 2383 magic number

Where the GOP delegate race currently stands

Trump has a 275-delegate lead over Cruz

Trump 750 (47% of delegates won)

Cruz 475 (30%)

Rubio 172 (11%)

Kasich 143 (9%)

Trump must win 56% of remaining delegates to hit 1,237 magic number

Cruz must win 88% of remaining delegates to hit 1,237 magic number

Kasich must win 126% of remaining delegates to hit 1,237 magic number

On the trail

Hillary Clinton campaigns in New York, while husband Bill stumps in Wisconsin… Bernie Sanders also spends his day in Wisconsin… As does Donald Trump, who hits La Crosse and Superior… Ted Cruz campaigns in Waukesha, WI and Madison, WI… And John Kasich is in New York.                                                                                                                                              0136773-7ffab6c94f970aae581bd32d6c90566b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000023176 00000000000 015301  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        By John Zajac

The Pyramids. According to common perception they were built, with the begrudging help of great armies of slaves, by the ancient pharaohs of Egypt as tombs for preserving their royal bodies. Pyramids were meant to be monuments to the pharaoh's greatness, filled with great treasures for the afterlife. To construct these massive shrines, the pharaoh's copied the oldest and largest pyramid of all, the Great Pyramid of Giza. But the Great Pyramid itself contains no pharaoh's body, no treasure chamber, and no treasures. Who, then, designed it and built it? What was its purpose? Let us begin our tour by considering a few basic facts about the Great Pyramid. The Last "Wonder of the World" Thirty times larger than the Empire State Building, the Pyramid's features are so large they can be seen from the Moon.

Its base covers 13.6 acres (equal to seven midtown Manhatten city blocks), each side being greater than five acres in area.

A highway lane eight feet wide and four inches thick could be built from San Francisco to New York and put inside the Great Pyramid.

The oldest structure in existence, having been started 4,617 years ago, it is the sole remnant of the Seven Wonders of the World. Journey to the Center of the Earth Only a solid stone mountain could endure the Pyramid's immense weight. And indeed, a flat solid granite mountain happens to be located just beneath the surface of the ground directly under the Pyramid.

It is built to face true North.

The Pyramid is located at the exact center of the Earth's land mass. That is, its East-West axis corresponds to the longest land parallel across the Earth, passing through Africa, Asia, and America. Similarly, the longest land meridian on Earth, through Asia, Africa, Europa, and Antarctica, also passes right through the Pyramid. Since the Earth has enough land area to provide 3 billion possible building sites for the Pyramid, the odds of it's having been built where it is are 1 in 3 billion. Construction Unequaled by Modern Technology Like 20th century bridge designs, the Pyramid's cornerstones have balls and sockets built into them. Several football fields long, the Pyramid is subject to expansion and contraction movements from heat and cold, as well as earthquakes, settling, and other such phenomena. After 4,600 years it's structure would have been significantly damaged without such construction.

While the bulk of the Pyramid's core was constructed of 4,000- to 40,000-pound blocks of soft limestone, the outer layer of the Pyramid was made of a beautifully bright, protective layer of polished stone. These outer "casing stones" are missing today because about 600 years ago they were stolen by Arabs, (This accounts for the very worn appearance of the Pyramid today, since the inner limestone blocks are not immune to attack by the elements-wind, rain, and sandstrom.) This protective covering was made up of 100-inch-thick, 20-ton block of hard, white limestone, similar to marble but superior in hardness and in durability against the elements. The Great Pyramid did not always look as "rough" as it does today.

Originally it was encased with a layer of tight-fitting, highly polished 20-ton stone slabs. The casing stones, 144,000 in all, were so brilliant that they could literally be seen from the mountains of Israel hundreds of miles away. On bright mornings and late afternoons, sunlight reflected by this vast mirrored surface of 5-1/4 acres distinguished the Pyramid as being visible from the moon. (Note: For those interested in possible symbolic significance, in Bible prophecy 144,000 is the number of people-12,000 from each of the 12 tribes of Israel-who are supposed to evangelize the world at the endtime.)

The people of the area had viewed the Pyramid and its polished stones with awe for centuries. But when a 13th century earthquake loosened some of these casing stones, the Arabs recognized a great quarry of precut stones that could be used to finish off palaces and mosques. For instance, the casing stones were used to rebuild the new city of El Kaherah plus Cairo mosques and palaces, including the Mosque of Sultan Hasan.

Amazingly, the outside surface stones are cut within 0.01 (1/100th) inch of perfectly straight and at nearly perfect right angles for all six sides. And they were placed together with an intentional gap between them of 0.02 inch. Modern technology cannot place such 20-ton stones with greater accuracy than those in the Pyramid.

Even more amazing is that the 0.02-inch gap was designed to allow space for glue to seal and hold the stones together. A white cement that connected the casing stones and made them watertight is still intact and stronger than the blocks that it joins. Let's pause from our tour for a moment's rest and reflection. Whoever built the Pyramid used a technologly that we still do not possess today to cut, move, and cement stones. Whoever built it also had some knowledge of the Earth, because it was built in the right spot-one of the few places that would support such a great weight. The builder also knew where the greatest land mass of the Earth was in both the North-South and East-West directions.

Amazing. But we had better keep going. And joining us on the leg of our tour will be none other than Sir Issac Newton ... The Cosmic Yardstick The Great Pyramid is one of the most comprehensively surveyed buildings in the World. Scientists over the centuries have taken thousands of measurements in their quest to find out more about its mysteries. Among those intrigued by the incredible accuracy of the Pyramid's construction was the great scientist and mathematician Sir Isaac Newton. Attemping to formulate his famous law of gravity, Newton needed to know the diameter of the Earth. However, in the 1600's no measurement was accurate enough, especially since Newton theorized that the Earth's spin would cause an equatorial bulge. Having heard legends claiming that knowledge of the Earth, the past, and the future were contained in the Pyramid, Newton set out to investigate. After studying the detailed measurements made by the investigators before him, Newton recognized that many key measurements would be in round numbers if the standard unit of measure was just 0.001 (1/1,000) inch larger than the British inch-which just happens to be the Sacred Jewish Inch. (The Sacred Jewish Inch, 1/25 of a cubit, equals 1.00106 British inches.) This discovery allowed the secrets of the Pyramid to be unlocked and revealed unmistakable and mathematical relationships. For instance: We know from geometry that there is a universal relationship between the diameter of a circle and its circumference. Consider this: The height of the Pyramid's apex is 5,812.98 inches, and each side is 9,131 inches from corner to corner (in a straight line). If the circumference of the Pyramid is divided by twice its height (the diameter of a circle is twice the radius), the result is 3.14159, which just happens to be pi. Incredibly, this calculation is accurate to six digits. So the Pyramid is a square circle, and thus pi was designed into it 4,600 years ago. Pi is demonstrated many times throughout the Pyramid.

Other numbers are also repeated throughout. Each of the Pyramids four walls, when measured as a straight line, are 9,131 inches, for a total of 36,524 inches. At first glance, this number may not seem significant, but move the decimal point over and you get 365.24. Modern science has shown us that the exact length of the solar year is 365.24 days. All of the evidence in the Great Pyramid shows that 4,600 years ago somebody knew a great deal about the Earth. But it gets better, much better: The average height of land above sea level (Miami being low and the Himalayas being high), as can be measured only by modern-day satellites and computers, happens to be 5,449 inches. That is the exact height of the Pyramid.

All four sides of the Pyramid are very slightly and evenly bowed in, or concave. This effect, which cannot be detected by looking at the Pyramid from the ground, was discovered around 1940 by a pilot taking aerial photos to check certain measurements. As measured by today's laser instruments, all of these perfectly cut and intentionally bowed stone blocks duplicate exactly the curvature of the earth. The radius of this bow is equal to the radius of the Earth. This radius of curvature is what Newton had long been seeking.

The Great Pyramid is located on the far right. Clearly, whoever built the Pyramid had access to information beyond that which earthlings possessed at the time, at least earthlings as we know them. Now, one can argue that we were visited by scientifically advanced beings from outer space who taught us their technology. That is possible from the evidence presented, perhaps even likely. If so, these advanced beings had the paramount goal of leaving behind a message that would endure for eons. Suppose these beings decided to leave a message. The message would have to be universal yet simple. It would have to survive the centuries and be understandable by all the Earth's inhabitants despite language and cultural differences. The message would have to be understood by many languages that would not come into existence for centuries after the message was written. So far the message indicates that whoever built the Pyramid knew the Earth well: the length of the year, the radius of curvature, the standard measurement techniques, the average height of the continents, and the center of the land mass. They were able to consruct something that we still cannot construct today, and they were able to tie all these things together in this single structure. Were they extraterrestrial, or perhaps even supernatural? The answer is not yet clear. However, thus far we have examined only the outside of the Pyramid.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136731-7ac1df228b46652b139c61f7790e8384.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002651 00000000000 014710  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        I saw Joss Whedons “The Avengers” last week. Did I like it? Let me just say, I may end up marrying it. Yes, movie-to-man marriages are highly controversial in many ways, but love always finds a way. Keep in mind though, that nothing is decided as of yet. For one thing I want to keep my options open for Nolans forthcoming “The Dark Knight Rises“. Everybody knows you can only marry two or three movies in a lifetime. I’ve already exceeded this limit by at least 20 or 30. Safe to say that’s way too many and people are starting to talk.

Meanwhile fellow web-cartoonist – the exceedingly talented Mr. Brendan Boughen – suggested this might be a good time to cash in on the temporary electric buzz surrounding the Avengers by featuring them in a comic ( this was by the way only his exact words in opposite land). Of course I had no patience for such ideas at the time. Unfortunately I suffered a minor black-out and woke up a week later with this comic all done. What happened?

On a serious note, when the special edition Blu-ray of the comic comes out, you will hear the commentator track state that the original title was “Caught in a trap I can’t walk out Because I love you too much baby “. This is a downright lie!

When you’re done reading Anyone for Rhubarb? I highly recommend checking aforementioned Brendan Boughens work out on Cartoons by Jim. http://cartoonsbyjim.com/ It’s not very funny …in opposite land!                                                                                       0136774-76d0bcf658adda10cf06ef354a7aba7e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016552 00000000000 015477  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        - Advertisement -

This article originally appeared at TomDispatch.com. To receive TomDispatch in your inbox three times a week, click here.

It was January 15, 2004, and TomDispatch had only been in existence for a year when Chalmers Johnson, author of the prophetic book Blowback (published in 2000 and a bestseller after the 9/11 attacks), did a piece for this site entitled "America's Empire of Bases." He wrote then: "Due to government secrecy, our citizens are often ignorant of the fact that our garrisons encircle the planet. This vast network of American bases on every continent except Antarctica actually constitutes a new form of empire -- an empire of bases with its own geography not likely to be taught in any high school geography class. Without grasping the dimensions of this globe-girdling Baseworld, one can't begin to understand the size and nature of our imperial aspirations or the degree to which a new kind of militarism is undermining our constitutional order."

It was a benchmark essay for TomDispatch and a theme -- the unprecedented way Washington was garrisoning the planet -- that Johnson would return to repeatedly and that others of us would take up. This mattered because, despite the crucial role that Washington's empire of bases played in the American way of war and its dreams of global dominance, bases were then, and remain today, a phenomenon largely ignored in the mainstream media.

In 2004, the Pentagon was, for instance, already building the first of its 505 bases, the biggest among them meant to be "enduring," in Iraq -- American ziggurats, I called them at the time. Some of these were large enough to qualify as full-scale American towns, with PXs, fire departments, bus routes, the usual range of fast-food joints, internet cafes, and the like -- and yet it was the rare American reporter who saw a story of any sort in them, even when visiting one of them. The same was true in Afghanistan, where the U.S. was building (and is still upgrading) 400 or more bases. No one even bothered to try to count them up until Nick Turse did so in February 2010 for this site. (Ann Jones took TomDispatch readers onto one of them in August of that same year.)

- Advertisement -

In his books and at TomDispatch, Johnson put significant effort into trying to come up with a number for the bases the Pentagon garrisoned outside the United States. In January 2011, Turse returned to that task and found that number to be well over 1,100. Again, it's not a figure you normally see reported in the mainstream. In March 2010, John Feffer reminded TD readers of just how far the Pentagon would go to hang onto a single major base, among so many, on the Japanese island of Okinawa.

One of the last essays Chalmers Johnson published at this site before his death in 2010 was entitled "Dismantling the Empire" and it was concerned with just how the U.S. could downsize its global mission and end its empire of bases. David Vine, anthropologist and author of Island of Shame: The Secret History of the U.S. Military Base on Diego Garcia, has been touring American bases for the past three years. In a major survey of the changing shape of our Baseworld, he suggests that unfortunately it isn't shrinking at all, and that "dismantling" isn't yet on the American horizon. This means that -- until the mainstream finally stumbles upon the import of this story -- TomDispatch has little choice but to stay on the bases beat for the foreseeable future. (To catch Timothy MacBain's latest Tomcast audio interview in which Vine discusses his experiences with the Pentagon's empire of bases, click here or download it to your iPod here.) Tom

The Lily-Pad Strategy:

How the Pentagon Is Quietly Transforming Its Overseas Base Empire and Creating a Dangerous New Way of War

By David Vine - Advertisement - The first thing I saw last month when I walked into the belly of the dark grey C-17 Air Force cargo plane was a void -- something missing. A missing left arm, to be exact, severed at the shoulder, temporarily patched and held together. Thick, pale flesh, flecked with bright red at the edges. It looked like meat sliced open. The face and what remained of the rest of the man were obscured by blankets, an American flag quilt, and a jumble of tubes and tape, wires, drip bags, and medical monitors. That man and two other critically wounded soldiers -- one with two stumps where legs had been, the other missing a leg below the thigh -- were intubated, unconscious, and lying on stretchers hooked to the walls of the plane that had just landed at Ramstein Air Base in Germany. A tattoo on the soldier's remaining arm read, "DEATH BEFORE DISHONOR." I asked a member of the Air Force medical team about the casualties they see like these. Many, as with this flight, were coming from Afghanistan, he told me. "A lot from the Horn of Africa," he added. "You don't really hear about that in the media." "Where in Africa?" I asked. He said he didn't know exactly, but generally from the Horn, often with critical injuries. "A lot out of Djibouti," he added, referring to Camp Lemonnier, the main U.S. military base in Africa, but from "elsewhere" in the region, too. Since the "Black Hawk Down" deaths in Somalia almost 20 years ago, we've heard little, if anything, about American military casualties in Africa (other than a strange report last week about three special operations commandos killed, along with three women identified by U.S. military sources as "Moroccan prostitutes," in a mysterious car accident in Mali). The growing number of patients arriving at Ramstein from Africa pulls back a curtain on a significant transformation in twenty-first-century U.S. military strategy. These casualties are likely to be the vanguard of growing numbers of wounded troops coming from places far removed from Afghanistan or Iraq. They reflect the increased use of relatively small bases like Camp Lemonnier, which military planners see as a model for future U.S. bases "scattered," as one academic explains, "across regions in which the United States has previously not maintained a military presence." - Advertisement - Disappearing are the days when Ramstein was the signature U.S. base, an American-town-sized behemoth filled with thousands or tens of thousands of Americans, PXs, Pizza Huts, and other amenities of home. But don't for a second think that the Pentagon is packing up, downsizing its global mission, and heading home. In fact, based on developments in recent years, the opposite may be true. While the collection of Cold War-era giant bases around the world is shrinking, the global infrastructure of bases overseas has exploded in size and scope. Unknown to most Americans, Washington's garrisoning of the planet is on the rise, thanks to a new generation of bases the military calls "lily pads" (as in a frog jumping across a pond toward its prey). These are small, secretive, inaccessible facilities with limited numbers of troops, spartan amenities, and prepositioned weaponry and supplies. Around the world, from Djibouti to the jungles of Honduras, the deserts of Mauritania to Australia's tiny Cocos Islands, the Pentagon has been pursuing as many lily pads as it can, in as many countries as it can, as fast as it can. Although statistics are hard to assemble, given the often-secretive nature of such bases, the Pentagon has probably built upwards of 50 lily pads and other small bases since around 2000, while exploring the construction of dozens more.

Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4                                                                                                                                                      0136665-babe5646452f254dabb8fed94a4d921e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002527 00000000000 015345  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Image caption The Flag Institute said the design should be simple and distinctive

A campaign has been launched to design a flag to celebrate the "cultural heritage" of County Durham.

The county, spanning from Tyne and Wear down to Darlington, is the only one in the north of England without a flag, according to the Flag Institute.

Adventurer Andy Strangeway from Yorkshire, wants people to design a flag expressing what the county means to them.

The winning flag will be registered in the Flag Institute's UK Flag Registry.

Mr Strangeway has already established flags for the historic East Riding, North Riding and West Riding of Yorkshire.

He said the flag would be a public symbol to "raise recognition and awareness" of the ceremonial county, express "pride" in the local community and celebrate the "cultural heritage" of County Durham.

The Flag Institute said the design should be simple and distinctive, with meaningful symbolism and basic colouring.

Legends and folklore, traditional emblems and colours and local people, achievements and industries should be considered when designing the flag.

A panel of senior county councillors would choose the top six designs which would then be put to a public vote.

The first County Durham flag will be walked down the River Tees in 2014.

Entries for the flag competition have to be submitted by 18 August.                                                                                                                                                                         0136670-efb34e85ca2ae8090e77e7eeb1a09c72.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002220 00000000000 015332  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        DATE: For any publication date in the near future

LOCATION: GalNet, or Daramo, Achenar, Alioth, Sol

TITLE: The Independence of Independents

DESCRIPTION:

Independent talk show 'Affairs of State' political commentator Walter Astoria followed up on the fallout from the recent conflict in Daramo on last night’s broadcast.

“Admiral Yorke made it a point to remind the Federation’s 'enemies that they cannot simply take whatever they want.’ I would like to emphasize that those ‘clueless colonists on Achenar 6d’ taught the Federation that same lesson when it ‘controlled over a thousand systems.’ In a way, the Empire represents the first successful independent movement.”

“I would like to impress upon our viewers how deeply the independent realms are affected by Federal-Imperial relations. Should the Empire come away the worse in a war, the balance of power will drastically shift. Independent systems may be compelled to sacrifice some of their independence. The Alliance may experience a surge in member systems. New coalitions may form. Or we may soon be writing our new Congressmen...”

SUBMITTING COMMANDER:

Corrigendum

INSPIRATION:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136715-ba973cdb3d8b5091a0d426caf980a898.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004027 00000000000 015201  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Photo: Michael Sears

I am very excited to be there but not expecting any results. I know these other guys have been competing a lot and it will be tough. I'm just doing it because I want to do it.

About Carlson Gracie

The IBJJF Masters Worlds starts just over a week from now, and the tournament will see the long-awaited return of a man with jiu-jitsu in his blood.Carlson Gracie Jr. is the only son of the legendary Carlson Gracie, an integral figure in the history of jiu-jitsu and MMA.The fifth degree black belt's last match was 18 years ago, but he recently dedicated himself to training and signed up to compete at the Masters Worlds."It's because of the 10th year anniversary [of his father's passing]. I thought it would be nice to honor my father by competing. This is also about the team coming together to forget about the past and focus on the future."47 years old and head of the Carlson Gracie HQ gym in Chicago, 'Junior' put his name forward and will compete in the Master 4 medium heavyweight division."Masters Worlds is the tournament that fits my profile -- of course I can't come back at the adult Worlds," says Gracie Jr. But I am feeling good, and maybe I will do more tournaments after this."He has lost around 40lb (18kg+) in the last year and has been preparing for the tournament by rolling with his students and doing strength and conditioning with Tony Williams, one of his black belts.As part of the tribute to Carlson Gracie, many affiliated teams with links to the Carlson Gracie Team will sign up under the same banner in the hope of winning the team trophy.The Carlson Gracie Team took first place team trophies in both gi and no-gi at the recent Chicago Open.Carlson Gracie, eldest son of Gracie jiu-jitsu co-founder Carlos Gracie, fought jiu-jitsu and MMA contests in the 1950s and 60s, and would later go on to train some of the most influential figures over the last 40 years of jiu-jitsu, including past world champions such as Mario Sperry and Ricardo Liborio, and innovative teachers such as Ricardo de la Riva, among many more.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136691-33e1522806a206f6ef67cddd10edca7d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002106 00000000000 015243  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Raw is shockingly mediocre these days when compared to how much more entertaining smackdown has been these last few weeks? What is your opinion on that

I honestly don’t watch either anymore. Between the mix of repeated commercials (I fucking hate the restaurant Sonic and I don’t even have one near me) and 90% of the the stuff going on being a chore to get through with the occasional diamond, I just stopped even watching. Because I wanted to watch wrestling and most of WWE’s airtime on USA is NOT WRESTLING.

I learn what’s happening by either looking up the occasional stuff I heard was good or watching Wrestling With Wregret on Youtube.

But, it doesn’t surprise me. Smackdown’s always been the more wrestling fan oriented show. Raw is the ‘entertainment’ show. Remember the Smackdown Six? Yeah.

Problem is that I still like wrestling because it CAN be good. I have a lot of favorite matches I could list of and go back and watch!

Anyway. I could go on and on about what I don’t like about WWE today or what stuff I do like, but I doubt anyone wants to hear that. xD                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136772-5a75d6971c41e78e42afe0e0d59e8552.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004676 00000000000 015071  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Searchkit is a React UI framework to simplify building great search applications with Elasticsearch. Its open sourced under Apache 2.0 licence.

Since our last blog post, we’ve attracted alot of attention from Github, Hacker News, Reddit and Product Hunt. A big thank you for everyone who upvoted or starred Searchkit on these sites!

Over the last few weeks, 1.8k developers have starred Searchkit on Github and was consistently in the top 5 trending projects. Hundreds of developers every day are using Searchkit. As more developers use Searchkit, the better our releases become. The feedback that we have had has been invaluable in shaping Searchkit as a compelling framework.

Today we’re releasing Searchkit 0.9. This release consists of a couple new features, few improvements and bug fixes to our components.

Layout Components

In this release, we are introducing layout components to make it easier to take advantage of Searchkit’s default theming. This is also a precursor to making the Searchkit’s theme being responsive to different devices.

http://docs.searchkit.co/stable/docs/theming/using-searchkit-theme.html

Multiple Field Sorting Support

Searchkit can now support multiple field sorting via fields prop.

http://docs.searchkit.co/stable/docs/components/sorting/sort.html

Dynamic Range Filter Component

When using the Dynamic Range filter, the min / max values are calculated from the data we have in the index and no longer are you required to specify a min and max.

http://docs.searchkit.co/stable/docs/components/navigation/dynamic-range-filter.html

Overriding QueryBuilder

You can now customise the query object that is sent to Elasticsearch. See Elasticsearch documentation on the query DSL.

TagFilter Component

Now you add filters from Search results easily with the TagFilter component. It works by making a list of values on a search result actionable.

http://docs.searchkit.co/stable/docs/components/navigation/tag-filter.html

CheckboxFilter Component

You can now add toggles based on a filter query. Useful for toggles such as “In stock” feature.

http://docs.searchkit.co/stable/docs/components/navigation/checkbox-filter.html

InputFilter Component

You can now filter results using a text search field.

http://docs.searchkit.co/stable/docs/components/navigation/input-filter.html

THANKS

Thank you to everyone who contributed! Check our Github page at www.github.com/searchkit/searchkit and please star the project if you haven’t yet!                                                                  0136719-ed504e51ac1fd73801457b77e08875a8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003435 00000000000 014773  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Friends of a Dallas man who was shot and killed are speaking out. 33-year-old Joshua Tubbleville was found dead inside his Mercedes near Oak Lawn and Lemmon early Friday morning. (Published Saturday, May 31, 2014)

Friends of a Dallas man who was shot and killed are speaking out.

Joshua Tubbleville, 33, was found dead inside his Mercedes near Oak Lawn and Lemmon early Friday morning.

Police said someone shot him inside his car, which led him to crash at the Shell gas station there.

Stacy Woodward and Bob Thomas were with Tubbleville the night before he was killed.

Video Man Found Shot in Crashed Mercedes Dies

"I don’t think there’s anything you can say to describe the way you feel when someone you’re close with, something like this happens to somebody you’re close to," said Woodward.

Thomas said it was unreal that he was picking out his friend's funeral outfit on Saturday.

"That’s hard to know that you’re picking out your friend’s, what he’s going to be buried in. You smile because you know that he’s looking down from heaven going, 'I’m really hoping you pick something good for me,'" he said.

Homicide and crime scene units visited Tubbleville’s town house looking for clues. Woodward said it’s just a matter of time before the shooter will be brought to justice.

"They have witnesses, there’s people who say, ‘I saw the guy, I came face to face with the guy. I could pick him out,'" she said.

As the investigation continues, Thomas is urging anyone with information about this tragedy to step forward and help bring closure to his loved ones.

"To have a friend die so tragically and so suddenly ... his mom and dad and his brother are suffering a lot too," he said.

Tubbleville's brother and parents are all in Houston. His brother is making funeral arrangements.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0136790-1da29ee7770c046e14d6f52e681b6b2f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016315 00000000000 015126  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Drexel University professor Ken Lacovara has recently unveiled a new supermassive dinosaur species he discovered and unearthed with his team between 2005 and 2009. Weighing in at nearly 65 tons, Dreadnoughtus schrani is the largest land animal ever found of calculable mass and also the most complete skeleton ever found for a dinosaur in this mass range. (Courtesy of Drexel University)

Scientists have discovered the fossilized remains of a new long-necked, long-tailed dinosaur that has taken the crown for largest terrestrial animal with a body mass that can be accurately determined.

Measurements of bones from its hind leg and foreleg revealed that the animal was 65 tons, and still growing when it died in the Patagonian hills of Argentina about 77 million years ago.

“To put this in perspective, an African elephant is about five tons, T. rex is eight tons, Diplodocus is 18 tons, and a Boeing 737 is around 50 tons,” said study author and paleontologist Kenneth Lacovara at Drexel University. “And then you have Dreadnoughtus at 65 tons.”

Dreadnoughtus, meaning “fears nothing,” is named after the impervious early 20th century battleships. Although it was a plant-eater, a healthy Dreadnoughtus likely had no real issues with predators due to its intimidating size and muscular, weaponized tail.

But its enormous bulk also had a downside. Based on the width and strength of its skeleton, toppling over would likely spell death for such a heavy animal.

“If you look at its really big ribs, there's no way they're going to withstand 65 tons of weight on top of them,” he said. “It would have been a catastrophic event in the life of a Dreadnoughtus if it fell over.”

However, it probably didn't do much walking around since its 37-foot-long neck could already provide access to a wide bounty of vegetation.

“How do you come up with a body size that is so enormous when you're a terrestrial animal?” said Luis Chiappe, director of the National History Museum of Los Angeles's Dinosaur Institute, who was not involved in the study. “You need to have a structural design that allows you to support a body like that, and you have to be potentially adapted to eat 24 hours a day, nonstop, with a minimal amount of sleep.”

The study was published online Thursday in Scientific Reports.



Lead researcher Kenneth Lacovara holds a toe bone. (Meeri Kim)

On the first day of the 2005 field season in southern Argentina, Lacovara spotted a little lump of bone sticking out of the ground. It was maybe the 20th fossil he had found that day, so he didn't think much of it. As he kept digging, he realized it was a massive dinosaur femur that stretched over six feet long.

Lacovara still wasn't all that thrilled — isolated bones are found all the time — until more and more pieces started popping up. By the end of that first day, he had added a tibia, a fibula and a half dozen tail vertebrae to his collection.

“At that point, I'm pretty excited,” he said. “But I had no idea that we were going to walk away with 130 bones.”

The huge creature also had a smaller companion, which Lacovara and his colleagues also dug up. Both got caught in quicksand, which is how their bones became so well-preserved.

“This is clearly a spectacular find, and I know what it takes to collect these things,” said Chiappe. “It's grueling work.”

The skeleton of Dreadnoughtus schrani is remarkably complete for a dinosaur of this size — over 70 percent of the bones were dug up, excluding the head. Typically these long-necked, long-tailed dinosaurs (called sauropods) have tiny skulls, so those bones tend not to survive. For instance, Dreadnoughtus's was probably about the size of a horse's head.



Lacovara and colleagues assemble vertebrae at Drexel University in Philadelphia. (Meeri Kim)

Also, such massive giants tend to leave only fragments of their skeleton behind, making their weight hard to pin down. In general, the smallest circumference of the humerus and femur tend to correlate well with an animal's weight, so paleontologists use this method for estimation.

So there may be more massive dinosaurs out there than Dreadnoughtus, but their masses can't be accurately calculated without those particular bones. The previous contender for biggest land animal with a mass that could be determined by bone circumference was another Argentine titanosaur called Elaltitan lilloi first described in 2012. It was estimated at 47 tons.

To look for hints of age, Lacovara and his colleagues looked for any traces of bone growth. As the animal gets older, parts of the skeleton will fuse together, and its bone growing cells will morph from fluffy to flat.

“With Dreadnoughtus, there's no indication that there was any cessation or slowing of growth [in the bones],” he said. “When it died at 65 tons, it was growing fast, which is kind of scary.”

Titanosaurs, a subgroup of sauropods that includes Dreadnoughtus, are thought to grow rapidly and reach full adult size in only 20 or 30 years. But surprisingly, their eggs are not overly large. The largest dinosaur eggs found have been about the size of a soccer ball.

“The hatchling from an egg the size of a football is not very big,” said Chiappe. “But in two decades, the hatchling would grow to become an enormous animal the size of two, three school buses put together.”

Chiappe, who has worked in Patagonia for a number of years and is originally from Argentina, discovered a large sauropod hatchery in 1997 that served as evidence that these dinosaurs laid eggs and huddled together in large nesting colonies.

“I would imagine [Dreadnoughtus] would have had a very similar nesting behavior: the congregation of hundreds or thousands of 60-ton females gathering together to nest in a lost valley somewhere,” he said.

The researchers have a whopping 10 Dreadnoughtus papers in the pipeline, four of which are already written, that take the analysis a step further. One of the upcoming studies looks at the dinosaur's locomotion through robotic and computer simulations, using 3D scans of the bones that are publicly available for free download along with the current study.

“Kids are going to be able to download the Dreadnoughtus bones and play with them,” said Lacovara.

Due to its monstrous size, Chiappe expects Dreadnoughtus to join the ranks of popular sauropod favorites such as Diplodocus and Brachiosaurus on the road to “Jurassic Park”-like stardom.

“This is the kind of creature that will soon make it into Hollywood,” he said. “You can guarantee that the next documentary on dinosaurs will feature this new creature.”



A pair of bones, called a chevron, occur along the bottom of the tail. In Dreadnoughtus, the lower portions of the chevron bones have an unusually large surface for muscle attachment, indicating that this dinosaur’s tail was extremely muscular and powerful. (Kenneth Lacovara)



Scientists unearth the tail, with neural spines to the left and chevrons to the right. (Lacovara)



Lacovara lies next to the right tibia, shin bone, to show scale. (Lacovara)

Kim is a freelance science journalist currently based in Philadelphia.

Read more:

Shrinkage determined dinosaur survival

All dinosaurs had feathers? Yes. It's possible.

Scientists call the new dinosaur 'The Chicken From Hell'                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0136099-d325e72ae4c85371da53e338925aac65.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004574 00000000000 015051  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        EXCLUSIVE: The Men in Black are back. Sony Pictures has fast tracked a spinoff of its billion-dollar alien franchise. The studio today will stake out a May 17, 2019, release date for an untitled film that has a script by Matt Holloway & Art Marcum, the writers of Iron Man and Transformers: The Last Knight.

Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones aren’t expected to reprise, but the film acknowledges and builds on the world they inhabited. Holloway & Marcum have scripted a contemporary sci-fi pic about the black-clad secret force that protects earth from the alien scum of the universe, focusing on new characters chasing villains that put the picture on more of a global scale than the two previous films. The ambition is akin to the way that Jurassic World rebooted and expanded that franchise. The MiB spinoff film is being produced by Walter F. Parkes and Laurie MacDonald and executive produced by Steven Spielberg. They are actively involved in meeting with top directors right now and expect to land one quickly.

Image Courtesy of Sony

The project is a surprise, because it was expected that the next Men in Black movie would be a mashup with another Sony Pictures hit franchise, 21 Jump Street, with Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill’s characters donning the black suits. That idea remains in development, but the spinoff is moving quickly and will come first. Sony, which separately is rebooting its Charlie’s Angels reboot with Elizabeth Banks directing and Kristen Stewart and Lupita Nyong’o in talks.

The studio also is moving on multiple fronts with its Spider-Man universe, working simultaneously on a Phil Lord & Christopher Miller-scripted animated film for Christmas 2018, as well as the Ruben Fleischer-directed Tom Hardy-Michelle Williams starrer Venom to be released October 5, 2018, and Silver & Black, with Gina Prince-Bythewood directing the two female superheroes in the Spidey universe for February 8, 2019. There is also the sequel to Spider-Man: Homecoming, with Jon Watts directing Tom Holland and the Zendaya-led ensemble. That will be released July 5, 2019.

Parkes confirmed the Men in Black spinoff. “It’s so rare to get to the end of the script and know you’re holding a movie in your hands, but Art and Matt have written a spinoff that somehow is true to the core of the MiB world and yet expands the franchise to a fresh new place,” he said.

David Beaubaire is overseeing for Sony.                                                                                                                                    0136768-365adbdecb2c0c782dee2aed0c43329d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011141 00000000000 015461  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        State regulators on Thursday granted Pacific Gas & Electric a $120 million rate hike over the next four years to pay for the repair and maintenance of its natural gas system, but will now require the utility to report what it does with the money.

Average residential customers will see their bills go from about $51.60 per month to $51.96 this year, a roughly 0.7 percent bump. But charges could climb as high as $58.16 by 2014, according to an estimate.

The increase has been in the works since before last year’s deadly San Bruno explosion, and the utility is considered likely to seek additional rate hikes once the scope of post-San Bruno repairs becomes clear. But concern over pipeline safety pushed the California Public Utilities Commission to require the utility to begin detailing which projects it is spending the money on and why.

As part of the unanimously approved plan, PG&E will have to file the reports twice a year. Until now there was no requirement that PG&E provide a detailed accounting of how it uses money from ratepayers. Critics said that lack of follow-up allowed the utility to delay projects at will, possibly at the expense of public safety.

The first report is due Oct. 1, said Commissioner Timothy Simon. “I assure you that any issues detected with regard to PG&E’s prioritization and spending will be brought to the attention of the full commission,” he said.

The utility got $461.8 million in gas revenue in 2010 and, under the terms of the deal approved Thursday, is slated to bring in $514.2 million this year, $541.4 million in 2012, $565.1 million in 2013 and $581.8 million in 2014. That is significantly less in each year than the utility initially requested.

While the commission documents don’t offer details, they indicate the money will go primarily to work on the company’s transmission lines and storage facilities.

PG&E declined to say if other rate hikes are in the offing, but given the scope of the pipeline repair and replacement program the utility unveiled in the aftermath of the San Bruno explosion, it is almost certain to request additional increases to pay for it. The utility has proposed testing or replacing much of its older gas pipeline and is in a vigorous discussion with regulators about how far that work should go.

But PG&E spokeswoman Christine Cordner said the utility welcomes the reporting requirements.

“We’re happy to do it. It’s something we expected,” she said. “This is providing more information and making it public.”

Assemblyman Jerry Hill, D-San Mateo, who represents San Bruno, supported the commission’s move toward greater accountability, but he remains concerned ratepayers will end up on the hook for the utility’s shortcomings.

“It’s about time they hold PG&E accountable for the ratepayer money they have collected in the past,” he said. “But if it turns out their maintenance plan was negligent or ineffective, it shouldn’t be our responsibility.”

Hill said forcing ratepayers to cover the cost of fixing pipes that may have been “negligently maintained” is akin to making them pay for the costs of the explosion in San Bruno. He said customers aren’t responsible, but the company and its shareholders should be.

After the Sept. 9 explosion, critics pointed out that the utility had twice justified rate increases using a pipeline segment just a few miles north of the section that exploded. Even though PG&E said in documents to the commission that the segment of line 132 had an unacceptably high risk of failure, the pipeline work that the rate increases were granted for was not done.

Lawmakers and San Bruno residents demanded to know at a December town hall meeting what happened to the money. Utilities commission Executive Director Paul Clanon said he was sure it had been spent on pipeline work, but had no proof.

PG&E spokesman Joe Molica said the effort to replace that roughly 7,400-foot segment is under way. The utility has begun doing the engineering work and plans to break ground in 2012.

According to PUC documents, the commission also plans to tackle the training for fire crews on the locations of gas lines and their shut-off valves.

San Bruno fire Chief Dennis Haag acknowledged at a National Transportation Safety Board hearing in March that he had not known a large gas line ran through his city.

The commission also said it will take on the question of ensuring PG&E workers are dispatched quickly to ruptures. It took the utility nearly 90 minutes to stop the flow of gas to the 30-inch diameter pipe.

No word was immediately available Thursday on a timetable for rules on those issues

Contact Joshua Melvin at 650-348-4335.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0136758-274443c67a71bc04ce2cf72234b342e0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000025657 00000000000 014756  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As we pass the 14th anniversary of the U.S. invasion of Iraq, its chief progenitor is suddenly beloved by the mainstream media again.

Every time former President George W. Bush pops up somewhere these days, media pundits gush about how good he looks now, compared to Donald Trump. Recently, for instance, he described himself — and was dutifully portrayed as — a great supporter of the free press.

“I consider the media to be indispensable to democracy,” he told NBC’s Matt Lauer in early March. “That we need the media to hold people like me to account. I mean, power can be very addictive and it can be corrosive and it’s important for the media to call to account people who abuse their power, whether it be here or elsewhere.”

The same week, he similarly assured a gushing daytime talk show host Ellen DeGeneres that “I’m a big believer in free press.”

The headlines were rapturous.

But in reality, Bush was anything but a friend of the press during his presidency. Maybe he didn’t demonize it as much as Trump does — but he actively manipulated it and bullied it far worse and far more effectively than Trump has, much of it in the service of selling his marquee policy: the war in Iraq.

That illegal war destabilized Iraq and took the lives of hundreds of thousands of Iraqis and the lives of over 4,000 American soldiers — many more in both countries continue to live with post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury, among other war wounds. Over the course of the conflict, the United States has spent over $2 trillion.

And although Trump is trying hard to delegitimize the press, which is highly dangerous and not to be underestimated, there’s little evidence his behavior is getting the press to back away from its accountability mission — like Bush did.

Photo: Mark Ralston/AFP/Getty Images

The Run-Up to War

By far the biggest and most tragic example of Bush making of mockery of the free press was the cascade of lies he and Dick Cheney told — and got away with — in the run-up to war in Iraq.

Almost all of the American mainstream media was cowed by the nationalistic fervor expressed by Bush in his November 2001 invocation that the nations of the world are “either with us or against us in the fight against terror.” The White House attacked those who raised too many questions as unpatriotic; newsroom leaders and their corporate masters were afraid of appearing out of step with the country.

There were plenty of what Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway calls “alternative facts” in the pattern of manipulation and deceit Bush used to build his case for the war in Iraq.

Among major print outlets, only Knight Ridder Newspapers, which today is part of McClatchy, aggressively challenged the case for war. “There wasn’t any reporting in the rest of the press corps, there was stenography,” John Walcott, who worked with Knight Ridder at the time, would later say. “The administration would make an assertion, people would make an assertion, people would write it down as if it were true, and put it in the newspaper or on television.”

Bush White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan would himself later write that the war was sold with a “political propaganda campaign.” McClellan said the push to war was “all about manipulating sources of public opinion to the president’s advantage,” which is something the administration used the news media to do. “Through it all, the media would serve as complicit enablers,” he wrote of the press’s role in the debacle. “Their primary focus would be on covering the campaign to sell the war, rather than aggressively questioning the rationale for war or pursuing the truth behind it.”

“Looking back, we wish we had been more aggressive in re-examining the claims as new evidence emerged — or failed to emerge,” the New York Times’ editors wrote in May 2004.

Photo: Amr Nabil/AP

Demonizing Al Jazeera

President Trump has referred to mainstream television networks like CNN as the “enemy of the American people.”

But those are just words. By contrast, the Bush administration actively suppressed the one television network that was a thorn in its side during the initial phase of the war in Iraq.

Qatar-based Al Jazeera’s critical coverage of the invasions of Afghanistan and particularly of Iraq — featured in the documentary Control Room — set off a viperous reaction from the Bush administration. Trump complains of “fake news,” but Bush’s Pentagon falsely accused Al Jazeera of purposely staging scenes of civilian casualties in Iraq.

When the network obtained exclusive footage of videotaped addresses by al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden, National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice asked five major U.S. television networks to limit their coverage of the tapes. The New York Times called it “the first time in memory that the networks had agreed to a joint arrangement to limit their prospective news coverage.”

The administration also imprisoned an Al Jazeera journalist in Guantánamo Bay for several years, one of many innocent people who ended up at the camp.

Alongside this campaign of demonization and attempted suppression, the Bush administration bombed the network’s offices twice — ostensibly by accident. First, they struck the network’s bureau in Kabul in 2001, which destroyed the office but left the staff unharmed. In April 2003, a U.S. missile struck the Baghdad office, killing Al Jazeera cameraman Tarek Ayoub.

Author Ron Suskind, in his book “The One Percent Doctrine,” suggests the Bush administration was not too upset following the bombing in Kabul. “Inside the CIA and White House,” he writes, “there was satisfaction that a message had been sent to Al Jazeera.”

In 2005, the Daily Mirror published the minutes of a 2004 meeting between Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair, describing how the American president suggested bombing Al Jazeera headquarters in Qatar.

The memo suggests that Blair talked Bush out of it. But the Bush White House never directly denied the story.

Cowing the Press About Torture

When the American people learned that the U.S. government had set up a global network of secret prisons where it tortured detainees, the Bush administration set out to manage the media fallout by insisting that the brutal techniques that it had authorized — including waterboarding — were not torture.

“I’ve said to the people that we don’t torture, and we don’t,” Bush told interviewer Katie Couric in 2006. Vice President Dick Cheney referred to the torture techniques as an “alternative” form of interrogation, and Attorney General John Ashcroft also insisted that waterboarding isn’t torture.

The media went along with it. Mainstream outlets instead used the government’s euphemism, “enhanced interrogation,” or other more polite phrases rather than using the word torture.

New York Times Washington editor Doug Jehl in 2009 explained that because Bush didn’t call it torture, that made it a “matter of debate.” In 2011, executive editor Bill Keller said that referring to the CIA techniques as torture would be “polemical.” In 2014, the Times finally decided to finally call it torture — eight years after it let Bush tell the nation it wasn’t.

Punishing Skeptics and Leakers

The administration also took harsh steps to punish those who challenged its official narratives.

Recall the 2003 outing of CIA undercover operative Valerie Plame after her husband, Ambassador Joe Wilson, wrote a New York Times op-ed contradicting a false claim the Bush administration made about Iraq’s acquisition of uranium from Niger. The administration’s leak of her name to columnist Robert Novak was largely seen as payback for Wilson’s defiance.

There’s also the example of the groundbreaking New York Times story about Bush’s warrantless surveillance program. It was published in late 2005, even though it was ready for publication in the fall of 2004.

“We had the White House, at the highest levels, insisting that this program would harm national security were we to write about it,” the Times reporter who broke the story, Eric Lichtblau, later explained. “The concern from the editors was would we be … outing an operational program that was on a firm legal foundation, and they made the decision that we could not do that at that point.”

This successful intimidation removed a key scandal from the playing field right before an election that Bush only narrowly won.

The administration also pursued numerous cases against leakers under the Espionage Act. Although the prosecution was not completed until the Obama administration, it was the Bush administration that began the investigation into NSA whistleblower Thomas Drake, a military veteran whose career prospects were ruined even though the espionage charges against him were eventually dropped.

Photo: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images

A Healthier Media Under Trump?

So far, Trump’s approach to the media has been to endlessly insult them — calling them everything from “fake news” to the enemies of the American people.

And White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer held one press gaggle where he disinvited CNN and a few other outlets that have reported critically on the administration.

But the name-calling and other petty tactics have hardly cowed the American press. Unlike during the Bush years, the media has not been intimidated by the president’s outbursts. Instead — with a few exceptions, such as when the administration deploys anonymous sources to make terrorism-related claims — it has been emboldened. By being so adversarial to the press, Trump has made them more adversarial.

For example, when President Trump talks about possibly waterboarding detainees, the news media now has no problem referring to it as torture.

And while the news media compliantly repeated the Bush administration’s lies used to take the country to war in Iraq, Trump’s lies are more aggressively challenged, as the media has started to make fact-checking the president a major part of its operations.

The difference between how the two administrations dealt with the media is also illustrated in how they approached the annual White House Correspondents’ Association dinner, a long-time D.C. tradition where the president, other political elite and the press corps and celebrity guests revel in each others’ company.

In late February, President Trump announced that he will not be attending.

Many interpreted the move as an attempt by Trump to further antagonize the media outlets who attend the event — which is very different than Bush’s approach, which was to cozy up to journalists.

But consider how in 2004, Bush narrated a series of pictures of him at the White House looking for the weapons of mass destruction he falsely claimed Iraq had — as the crowd of journalists and politicos laughed with him:

It’s much healthier for American journalism when the president is insulting journalists and refusing to play nice than making them laugh with him about a war based on lies.                                                                                 0136714-2211315b547c0f3a001366446bf7c057.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002405 00000000000 014503  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Matt Prior has played 79 Tests for England

England wicketkeeper Matt Prior has co-founded the new professional One Pro Cycling team.

The 32-year-old, who took a break from the England set-up in the summer to recover from injury, said cycling was a "huge passion" of his.

One Pro Cycling aims to compete at UCI Continental level, two tiers below Team Sky.

"It's a big challenge," said Prior. "We could potentially do something very special and that excites me."

The 12-rider squad is led by Yanto Barker and features a number of riders who came through the British cycling ranks.

"It's a dream come true," Prior told BBC Radio 5 live. "The important thing we want to do is create an environment for these riders that allows them to get the absolute best from themselves.

"The professional cycling team is the exciting part but there is a lot more coming from One Pro Cycling in the future."

Prior, who has played 79 Tests, was criticised by former England team-mate Kevin Pietersen when he took a bike on a tour of New Zealand.

Pietersen wrote in his autobiography: "You don't need to take your bike with you. They have bikes in New Zealand.

"Who the hell takes a bike? If Cheese (Prior) wasn't a top genius cricketer, Cheese would have been a world-class cyclist. Obviously."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0136778-53d5974dce6a10d2cdf2f7559a1b0f05.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004025 00000000000 015200  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.

Star Citizen development continues to progress. The latest development is that the PC space game's Alpha 2.4 update is now available, developer Cloud Imperium has announced.

This is described as a "major update" for Star Citizen's persistent universe. Among other things, it introduces the first version of in-game persistence and shopping, while it also adds "major changes" to how the game controls. Additionally, the update makes tweaks to the in-game ships (one example is the Starfarer is now available to fly with), while it also fixes bugs and makes a number of balance changes.

Overall, this is the "biggest and most important" update to Star Citizen since Alpha 2.0, which came out in December 2015. The Star Citizen website has many more details on the update, including information about the new ships.

The Starfarer, for example, starts at $300, while a Gemini version of it goes for $340. "These massive tankers have multiple decks and crew support for seven people, making it our largest flyable ship in-game so far," Cloud Imperium said.

In terms of Star Citizen's new in-game persistence, the update unlocks new backend functionality that changes the game so that what you do in one session will carry over to the next. This includes things like hostility level, the items you buy, and Alpha UEC balance, among other things.

"Adding persistence is a huge milestone and a crucial addition to the game that will affect nearly every aspect of Star Citizen, and this is only the beginning," Cloud Imperium said. "A ton of backend work was completed in order to make this possible and we are looking forward to the updates to come as we continue to expand and flesh out this core foundation of the game."

For lots, lots more on Star Citizen Alpha 2.4, be sure to read the full blog post, while you follow the links below to learn more.

Star Citizen is the most successful crowdfunded project of any kind in history. By the latest count, the game has raised more than $115 million.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0136780-89f52c926c47cc4d929c9f5adb359484.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000025774 00000000000 015113  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        1. Observe.

From this second onwards, observe every detail around you. From the way a stranger is signing his check at a restaurant, to the way the dust piles up especially peculiarly in one corner of your room, to the way the sun through the blinds creates a layered mathematical dance of shadows on the wall.

Observation is the most important method of information acquisition. As humans we do it instinctually, but we are rarely mindful enough to catalogue what we observe, especially seemingly drab details of everyday life. So flex the observation muscle: it needs to be trained and built up over time so that you are able to quickly (most of the time subconsciously) access a huge reservoir of human and world data.. Actions, details, patterns all combine to create a toolbox of references that you will use down the road to create products, campaigns and solutions that are authentic, relevant, and HUMAN.

And don’t just look: listen, touch, feel, preferably with eyes closed.

2. Get really good at math.

I’m not joking. And I can see your Calculus teacher smiling quietly in our general direction. I cannot tell you how useful my mathematical background has been in my journey. The corners of your brain that are used to solve complex equations and study structure, shape, and change, are forever re-wired. For the rest of your life, your brain functions a bit differently. And for the better — you can never unlearn a method for solving a problem.

And if I can’t convince you that this will impact every part of your life, then at least let me convince you that it will allow you to provide clever and ingenious tactics and ideas for your design projects, especially those of the product flavor.

3. Study science.

No, don’t just study it, understand it. For all the same reasons as the ones mentioned above. And if you can get as good at it as math, then even better. Okay, I’ll hesitate a step further and say: study Physics. Physics is essentially the application of mathematics (what you’ve already gotten really good at) to the study of how everything around you works. As a Creative Director you will be creating beautiful things, for the PHYSICAL world. And this includes the internet and your cutely animated mobile interactions that bounce just right mimicking a hypothetical force of gravity…

Understanding how the world around you works provides you with an unparalleled foundation for you to build upon.

And for you to demolish.

Once you learn the rules of the physical world, you will know which rules to cleverly break.

4. Study art.

Know your shit. Study art history (I’m bad about this, but include in that the history of design), learn from the greats and about the rules they broke and how they broke them. Learn how they viewed society and how they responded to society so you can better equip yourself to do the same for the present day. Familiarize yourself with contemporary conceptual artists who are pushing boundaries — art has no rules, it is always new, changing, mutating, evolving while acting as a mirror to individuals’ minds and our society as a whole. Studying art trains you to become skeptical, especially of established paradigms. It teaches you to always question, investigate, and to discover the truth behind all motivations.

Select starting points: Lucas Samaras, Yves Klein, Gerhard Richter

5. Be mindful and kind.

This one is obvious. You will get nowhere in life if you are not kind, you know this. But in this industry it is paramount. Feelings, thoughts, intuitions go haywire, especially during crunch time, or the inevitable 9 to 9 that you will work. You MUST always keep this perspective at the forefront of your mind: Everyone means well, no one is out to get you or anyone else for that matter (don’t go into fashion), no one intends to harm purposefully, and you should practice similar mentalities accordingly.

To help yourself get there, practice mindfulness — love of yourself will allow the love of others to flourish. Love of yourself, will allow you be honest with yourself, down to the very little details you hate. Which brings me to the next point:

6. Be confident, but lean on others.

Your opinion is important, know that. But that doesn’t mean that you can be cocky; you don’t know it all, nor will you ever. In fact, the more you continue on this path the less you will know. Younger designers will teach you some of your most important lessons. You will need to lean on others almost every step of the way; ask for help when you need it. There is no such thing as truly creating something by yourself, no idea is yours alone. Your entire future will be collaborative, get used to it now. But while you develop these symbiotic relationships, make sure you continue to trust yourself and trust your past. Trust your intuitions, listen to your gut feelings, know that your entire life’s experience is relevant and affects every aspect of the choices that you are making today.

7. Speaking of younger designers, manage up.

I am good friends, still, with nearly all of my previous bosses. And I would like to think that I was good friends with them long before now. They are my mentors, for work and for life.

Managing up doesn’t necessarily imply that your bosses are bad, in fact, I’ve been blessed to have had very few bad bosses, but I have still “managed up” — be warned, this may involve some subterfuge.

Your relationship with your boss is like any other relationship: it is symbiotic. If they don’t know this, and are truly dreadful, then what in the world are you doing to yourself (aka get out)? But otherwise, you have the opportunity to create an incredibly rewarding connection for both individuals.

Your boss is a human. Like with all humans that you chose to spend 9–12 hours a day with (think about that for a second) you want to make sure you feel comfortable and appreciated, but at the same time you want to make sure THEY are comfortable and appreciated. Usually this involves learning something about them (god forbid), e.g. what does your boss constantly worry about? It’s probably 10,000% more important and hectic than whatever you’re dealing with. Why are they acting the way they are? There is always a good reason, and it usually has nothing to do with you. Do you honestly know how much time he/she spends on x, y, and z? The answer is no. Make sure THEY are happy. And after working your ass off, doing great work, and learning what appeals to them, speak up. Tell them how you feel. Be open and honest. Make sure they know how you want to be treated and talk to them openly and constructively about your ideal working environment.

Be responsible. Be responSIVE. Be adaptive, flexible, open hearted, empathetic and kind. It’s a marriage, sorry. But it’s probably the most informative marriage you’ll ever have. And that type of support is hard to come by, but once achieved will undoubtedly accelerate your career to places you didn’t even think were possible.

Oh and maybe you’ll get a really decent friend out of it.

8. Work for free.

When I started my career as a designer I worked a full-time job (in fashion retail no less) and worked a side design job in the evenings and weekends, for free. I immersed myself in the start-up world and started helping people wherever they would let me. Can you imagine the lessons I learned about myself (my value and self-worth), time management, and business strategy in general by working for free?

The first benefit you’ll see is the womb of fire and passion you’ll suddenly find yourself surrounded by when working with individuals who are also working for free (if you don’t, I should have prefaced: work for free, but work for something you care about, and work with people who care even more about it). These individuals will be your mentors, even though they don’t know that yet.

Secondly, this will create a space for experimentation and for self-education. Working for free creates a space with very little expectation, allowing your creativity to run wild. You will be able to make mistakes without fear of repercussion. Interested in product design but have always been a marketer? Jump into the start-up world: offer your services to design an app, but do actually take the time to learn how to do it properly.

Okay, now it’s about it get interesting.

9. Stop reading this article.

There is no right path, and ultimately no advise will help you get to where you want to go except for perseverance, faith, and a shit ton of hard work. But you know this, and more than likely, if you’re reading this article and remotely interested in heading up creative, you already have what it takes. And you’ll do whatever feels right to you, regardless of what anyone has to say about it. So, don’t be afraid to go your own way. Dedicate your time to what you love, and do it well, and you will find yourself falling backwards into what will ultimately be a true calling. But it might not happen by the time you’re 25…and be okay with that, because otherwise… here comes #10.

10. Quit.

You’re chasing a title. Stop. You’re going to be unhappy, trust me (or don’t trust me, you just read #9, you’re going to do whatever you need to do regardless of what I have to say about it).

Don’t get me wrong, some CD positions might be everything you expected, but more than likely if someone is hiring a 25 year old Creative Director, they don’t know what the hell they are doing, and neither do you. They won’t treat you the way you deserve to be treated, and you won’t know what to do with that situation to make it happy for all involved.

Quit, because you’ve reached your hypothetical ultimate goal of being “Creative Director” and well…now what? You’re going to be unhappy because you have more than likely been chasing the wrong thing.

And you probably haven’t been paying enough attention to your real life to even know what the right thing is. If you’ve done 1 — 8, you’ve done amazing things already, and nothing will bring you truer happiness than finding your calling, a calling without a title attached — but what is your calling? Do you know? Because I didn’t (don’t). I was a Creative Director at 25 and I didn’t know shit about what I truly wanted. All I had was a pressure from above, be it societal, parental, masochistic, to blindly chase what everyone else told me I should want.

So quit. Take some time for yourself. Relish, and I mean really relish, in some hearty solitude while diving deeply into your soul. What you will more than likely find is that you need the right people and the right direction, and that’s really all you need. Find people who care and feel as deeply as you do. Who share your world-views and visions for society as a whole, who will be there by your side to fight the fight.

Work, if done properly, in my strange and potentially skewed humble opinion, has the potential to create the most beautiful relationships…marriages, partnerships…

Don’t look for a title (and definitely not a salary).

Look for your people

This article first appeared on Medium.com and has been republished here with Jana’s permission    0136666-b4f85c498555f7e2eb569e9b67caaf72.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010327 00000000000 015241  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        “The cost of transparency cannot be discouragement of people’s participation in the process,” said Mr. Bopp, who has argued several prominent cases challenging campaign-finance laws in California and other states. “The highest value in the First Amendment is speech, and some amorphous idea about transparency cannot be used to subvert those rights.”

The election law in question, the Political Reform Act of 1974, was approved by California voters as Proposition 9, and gay rights advocates say there is rich irony in supporters of Proposition 8 opposing the earlier ballot measure.

“They believe in the will of the people if it’s in tune with what they believe,” said Jennifer C. Pizer, marriage project director with Lambda Legal, the gay rights legal organization, in Los Angeles.

Photo

Opponents of Proposition 8 are also suspicious of the intent of trying to prevent donors from being identified. “Do they want to hide something?” said Shannon P. Minter, legal director of the National Center for Lesbian Rights in San Francisco.

Mr. Schubert insisted that there was “no smoking gun” and that the filing would show only “modest in-kind contributions” from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Church members contributed millions to the “Yes on 8” campaign, and the California Fair Political Practices Commission is investigating accusations that the Mormon leadership neglected to report a battery of nonmonetary contributions, including phone banks, a Web site and online commercials on the behalf of Proposition 8.

The lawsuit is just one part of the continuing legal wrangling over Proposition 8, whose constitutionality is being reviewed by the State Supreme Court. The court legalized same-sex marriage in May, a decision that was overturned by Proposition 8.

Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt-out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.

The court is expected to hear arguments on the proposition as soon as March, and will probably also decide the fate of some 18,000 same-sex marriages that were performed in the state.

Several prominent groups filed or signed on to briefs in recent days expressing opposition to Proposition 8, including civil rights and women’s rights organizations, labor and religious groups, and Google, which created the mapping technology.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

In his suit, which is also being argued by the Alliance Defense Fund, a conservative legal group, Mr. Bopp alleges a wide range of acts against supporters, including “death threats, acts of domestic terrorism, physical violence, threats of physical violence, vandalism of personal property, harassing phone calls, harassing e-mails, blacklisting and boycotts.”

In one instance, a supporter found a flier in his neighborhood calling him a bigot and listing his employer. In another, white powder was sent to a Mormon temple and a facility run by the Knights of Columbus, the Catholic group, which contributed more than $1 million in support of Proposition 8. Other supporters, including the director of the Los Angeles Film Festival, Richard Raddon, have been forced to resign because of their backing of the measure, while some businesses have been boycotted because of Proposition 8.

Mr. Bopp also said that the level set under California’s campaign law for public disclosure, anything above $100, was too low.

“There certainly would be an amount that would influence more than a few voters,” he said. “But it’s way above $100.”

Opponents of Proposition 8 have condemned any attacks on supporters, but noted that those claiming harassment are already protected by laws. “Violence and vandalism are illegal, and those laws should be enforced,” Ms. Pizer said. “And sadly people on both sides of this issue have experienced some of that.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136730-b0032f6822b1f5439aa2067ae458bf92.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003232 00000000000 014736  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        “Sunday” Chicken – So easy we make it on Fridays

Edit: Got some requests for a picture, I’ll make it tonight and have a picture in the morning – yep its that easy 🙂

Summary: Slow Cooker Miracle. There has never been a food so easy and so good.

Active Time: 1 Minute

Passive Time: 4 Hours

Total Time: 4 Hours

Servings: 3-6

Features:

High Calorie Per Dollar (711 CPD)

High Protein Per Dollar (44g PPD)

Delicious

Fail-Proof

Easy

Low Effort

Great For Busy Days

Ingredients

– 5 Chicken Thighs (Chicken Breasts Can Be Swapped Without Any Loss; There Is Enough Fat In This

Recipe)

– 1 (10½ Oz) Can Cream Of Chicken Soup

– 1 Packet Of Dry Italian Seasoning (Find It Near The Salad Dressing)

– 1 Package Of Cream Cheese

– 2 Cups Uncooked Rice

Instructions:

Put Chicken, Dry Italian Seasoning, and Can of Cream of Chicken Soup in a Slow Cooker for 6

hours on High or 8+ hours on Low. Start Rice and follow package directions. Add Cream Cheese. Stir and break up the meat. Don’t turn it into mush. Serve on top of Rice.

Yes, it really is that easy 🙂

Post Notes: If this ever gets boring, swap out the Can of Soup with Cream of Mushroom or something new. Swap out the Dressing Packet; try Dry Ranch Dressing.

Get more Efficiency to save time and make your dollar go further.

For more cost effective recipes that are delicious, check out Efficiency Is Everything – The Cookbook – Cook less than 3 hours a week and eat for 1,000 dollars a year, delicious, whole food.

Expand your Efficiency

Email Address

Get more Efficiency to improve your daily life. Subscribe and get three slow cooker recipes designed to be low cost, quick and healthy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136699-0c630b23819a184213975903b6540981.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012030 00000000000 014315  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The day after a 16-year-old girl was stabbed near a tent village before she fought off her attacker, Gatineau police charged a 49-year-old with trying to kill her near a tent village behind her school.

Marc Bellfoy, 49, was charged Wednesday afternoon with attempted murder, two counts of aggravated assault, assault with a weapon and two charges of breaching bail conditions in the attack of a girl who was on her way home from École secondaire de l’Île. The investigation was continuing and more charges could be laid, police said.

On Wednesday, Gatineau police said Bellfoy’s last known address was at Le Gîte Ami, a nearby homeless shelter at 85 Rue Morin.

A relative of Bellfoy told the Citizen that the man had struggled with a drug addiction for years but declined to comment further. Melissa Bellfoy said she hasn’t spoken to her cousin in 20 years, but back then he drank heavily and was often violent when he was intoxicated.

“I’m shocked,” she said after learning the charges. “Wow.”

Investigators believed the attack was a “crime of opportunity,” taking advantage of the fact the teen girl was alone. Police said the girl didn’t know Bellfoy.

The girl remained in hospital Wednesday but her condition was considered non life-threatening.

A suspect, who was injured when the girl fought him off before he was taken down in a “citizen’s arrest,” also remained in hospital.

The area where the attack happened is close to a tent village where there have been 50 to 60 dangerous confrontations in the past year between homeless people and students who must pass the camp to go to school, the head of Gatineau’s main school board said Wednesday morning.

Now Johanne Légaré, the president of Commission scolaire des Portages-de-l’Outaouais, said the board wants the city to shut down the camp, which is just outside the school property, permanently.

She was on a path that some 200 students take each day to cross Brewery Creek, and it leads past the homeless camp near the Robert Guertin Arena.

“I’m very concerned that the security of our students was compromised by an event like this,” Légaré said in an interview. “The campers would often intimidate them and yell at them. And we’re talking here about young kids.

“This is a high school and some of them are maybe 11, 12 years old. Especially the girls. They were very intimidated walking through that campsite.”

Légaré said the board advised Mayor Maxime Pedneaud-Jobin in October about its concerns.

Gatineau officials took down the tents along Brewery Creek last fall. More took their place within weeks. On Wednesday, the small camp was dismantled again, and its residents were told to leave.

One resident, Pat, 38, said he feels helpless with no other place to stay after he was kicked out of the area on the banks of the Ruisseau de la Brasserie. He said he lives on the street because he went broke trying to save his daughter when she ended up sick in the hospital.

He said police had gone through the camp two weeks ago and told them that as long as there were no parties and they kept the place clean, they could stay there.

Légaré said that in the past year, students and school staff alike have been threatened by people from the tent village. She said she was unaware of any injuries before the stabbing.

“It’s really sad” that it took a stabbing to get action on the camp, Légaré said.

“All through the winter there were actually people living there… It was tolerated by the municipality,” she said. “And now with the nice weather there were more of them.”

Last week, the board requested an urgent meeting with the mayor because it was concerned no decision had been made about allowing the tents to return. By Wednesday, no meeting had been scheduled.

Légaré said homeless people overflowed into school property as the camp grew because it was “overpopulated.”

“They were all over the place and it was obvious that the measures they had put in place (for safety) were not sufficient,” Légaré said.

A spokesman for the mayor said the city had, in fact, dealt with the problem by ordering the tents removed last fall, and that city council will decide soon what to do this spring and summer.

The tent village began in 2014, populated by people overflowing from Le Gîte Ami. The shelter only accepts people for two weeks.

At the time, Pedneaud-Jobin acknowledged that drugs, violence and lack of sanitation became a problem as the camp grew, but he was hoping to find a way to let it continue.

Luc Villemaire, general director of Le Gite Ami shelter, called Tuesday’s incident “appalling.”

He said the response of authorities previously has been either heavy handed or to ignore the problem.

“Society has difficulty finding solutions to the problems of mental health and drug addicts,” Villemaire added.

On Wednesday morning, police were mounting increased security near the high school. Counsellors were also expected to help students.

With files from Meghan Hurley, Bryson Masse and Tyler Dawson

tspears@postmedia.com

twitter.com/TomSpears1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0136767-23fd370807cdce655ab464618f6fef1b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002736 00000000000 015217  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Happy Friday!

Now, I’d consider myself a pretty big nutella lover. There was a time in college when my roommate and I would sit and watch Lifetime movies with a jar of nutella between us and a box of graham crackers on my lap. That was fun.

I also have enjoyed more than a few nutella crepes in my day. In my mind, there’s really not much better than a warm crepe filled with oozing nutella and maybe a few banana slices.

But nutella hot chocolate?

How I have lived on this earth for almost twenty six years without trying such a thing? How have I dared to call myself a true nutella lover without trying this simple heavenly creation?

If you’re anything like me you look for every excuse to eat a spoonful of nutella. It pretty much goes on anything from oatmeal to graham crackers to fingers. I can’t get enough of this stuff.

On to nutella hot chocolate. All you need are two ingredients—nutella and milk! Well, and whipped cream. But that’s a given.

Nutella hot chocolate tastes like regular hot chocolate, but with the subtle hint of hazelnut. I absolutely love it, especially alongside a few linzer cookies.

Make this tonight. It’s a much better option than beer and will leave you feeling wonderful and lively in the morning to boot!

Quick and Easy Nutella Hot Chocolate

serves 1

Print this recipe!

1 T nutella

1 cup milk

Whisk nutella into milk and bring to a simmer on the stove. Serve in your favorite mug with whipped cream and marshmallows.

Nutella, I love you.                                  0136692-ad5ff54c08d0df0f664f79ba9b438eac.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013531 00000000000 015432  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As the Winter Solstice approaches in the north, we notice the changes: the days of light are shorter, the darkness is longer, the weather is cold, the trees are bare, and snow is often on the ground. John Matthews, who has lectured widely on Celtic and Arthurian traditions, has written this lyrical passage about Winter Solstice:

"The Solstice is a time of quietude, of firelight, and dreaming, when seeds germinate in the cold earth, and the cold notes of church bells mingle with the chimes of icicles. Rivers are stilled and the land lies waiting beneath a coverlet of snow. We watch the cold sunlight and the bright stars, maybe go for walks in the quiet land. . . . All around us the season seems to reach a standstill — a point of repose."

Here are a few activities and spiritual practices to do in celebration of Winter Solstice.

Book Excerpts

This is an abbreviated excerpt of "A Celebration of Winter Solstice" from The Circle of Life by Joyce Rupp and Macrina Wiederkehr.

"There is a tendency to want to hurry from autumn to spring, to avoid the long dark days that winter brings. Many people do not like constant days bereft of light and months filled with colder temperatures. They struggle with the bleakness of land and the emptiness of trees. Their eyes and hearts seek color. Their spirits tire of tasting the endless gray skies. There is great rejoicing in the thought that light and warmth will soon be filling more and more of each new day.

"But winter darkness has a positive side to it. As we gather to celebrate the first turn from winter to spring, we are invited to recognize and honor the beauty in the often unwanted season of winter. Let us invite our hearts to be glad for the courage winter proclaims. Let us be grateful for the wisdom winter brings in teaching us about the need for withdrawal as an essential part of renewal. Let us also encourage our spirits as Earth prepares to come forth from this time of withdrawal into a season filled with light.

"The winter solstice celebrates the return of hope to our land as our planet experiences the first slow turn toward greater daylight. Soon we will welcome the return of the sun and the coming of springtime. As we do so, let us remember and embrace the positive, enriching aspects of winter's darkness. Pause now to sit in silence in the darkness of this space. Let this space be a safe enclosure of creative gestation for you."

Spiritual Practices

Give thanks for the darkness which is the yin to the yang of light. Think of how soothing darkness is when you are exhausted and want to take nap. Recall how irritated you were in a hotel or motel where you could not block out the bright lights from outside when you wanted to sleep.

Personal Explorations

"Hello darkness, my old friend, I've come to talk with you again," Simon and Garfunkel sang in a popular song years ago. Make a special effort today to greet darkness and share some of the feelings that arise in you when you think about darkness.

Ponder the darkness as a spur to reverencing the mysteriousness of God. What place have you made for the darkness of the divine as fertile and transformative in your spiritual path?

Poetry

Read this poem aloud. It is by William John Fitzgerald from his book Blessings for the Fast Paced and Cyberspaced.

Black Can Be Beautiful

O God, black can be beautiful!

Let us be aware of black blessings:

Blessed be the black night that nurtures dreams.

Blessed be the black hole out of which creation sprang.

Blessed be the black cave of imagination that births creativity.

Blessed be dark wombs that cradle us.

Blessed be black loam that produces nourishing food for our bodies.

Blessed be black jazz that nourishes our souls.

Blessed be black energy that swirls into gracefulness.

Blessed be black coal that heats us.

Blessed be black boiling clouds hurling down lightning and cleansing rain.

Blessed be even our own darkness, our raw, undeveloped cave of shadows.

O God, help us to befriend black and not deny its power.

Help us not to cover over the dark with fear but to open to it with your grace and to be open to your life within the dark.

May we discover the blessings that lie deep within our holy dark so that we may freely affirm that

Black is beautiful indeed!

Here is a meditative poem by Joyce Rupp "Winter's Cloak" from The Circle of Life which she co-wrote with Macrina Wiederkehr.

Winter's Cloak

This year I do not want

the dark to leave me.

I need its wrap

of silent stillness,

its cloak

of long lasting embrace.

Too much light

has pulled me away

from the chamber

of gestation.

Let the dawns

come late,

let the sunsets

arrive early,

let the evenings

extend themselves

while I lean into

the abyss of my being.

Let me lie in the cave

of my soul,

for too much light

blinds me,

steals the source

of revelation.

Let me seek solace

in the empty places

of winter's passage,

those vast dark nights

that never fail to shelter me.

Prayers & Mantras

End this special once-a-year-day with this prayer by Edward Hays from Prayers for a Planetary Pilgrim.

A Winter Solstice Prayer

The dark shadow of space leans over us. . . . .

We are mindful that the darkness of greed, exploitation, and hatred

also lengthens its shadow over our small planet Earth.

As our ancestors feared death and evil and all the dark powers of winter,

we fear that the darkness of war, discrimination, and selfishness

may doom us and our planet to an eternal winter.

May we find hope in the lights we have kindled on this sacred night,

hope in one another and in all who form the web-work of peace and justice

that spans the world.

In the heart of every person on this Earth

burns the spark of luminous goodness;

in no heart is there total darkness.

May we who have celebrated this winter solstice,

by our lives and service, by our prayers and love,

call forth from one another the light and the love

that is hidden in every heart.

Amen.                                                                                                                                                                       0136657-9d14adb1b8bacad6fe5f48f1d4332bad.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005365 00000000000 015554  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In purely political terms, the highest praise possible for Mike Nesbitt’s dramatic exit from the Executive is that it is almost certainly what Peter Robinson would have done if he had been in this position.

In fact, Mr Robinson – a masterful exponent of opposition politics – did something remarkably similar to what happened on Wednesday when he and Nigel Dodds quit the Executive in 2002 after the exposure of an IRA spy operation at Stormont.

Although Mr Robinson will not appreciate the comparison, the similarities with the two situations do not stop there. At that point, a weakened David Trimble’s response was to seek a meeting with the Prime Minister, although he conceded that the gravity of the situation was likely to collapse the Executive.

The two scenarios are not entirely analogous, but the DUP is giving every indication that it wants to stay at the Executive table, despite the growing cross-party belief that the days of this present Stormont are numbered.

The DUP response to the UUP – which came four hours after the news broke, and from Mr Dodds rather than from Mr Robinson – gave no suggestion that the party was preparing to follow the UUP out of the Executive and included a request for an “urgent meeting with the Prime Minister”.

A significant section of DUP members – and more significantly, its voters – do not want to see the party remaining in government with a party linked to an IRA which still has guns and which uses them to carry out murder.

But rather than walking away from the Executive, the DUP leadership is instead arguing for as yet unspecified sanctions against Sinn Fein, saying that it is republicans – not unionists – who ought to be punished for the alleged actions of IRA members.

An exclusion motion in the Assembly would simply be vetoed by Sinn Fein, and after that the DUP would seek to pressure the Government.

In a move which could well define Mike Nesbitt’s leadership, the UUP is now likely to formally quit the Executive on Tuesday and has seven days to nominate a replacement minister, after which the Assembly would have to be convened and the DUP – who are next in line for the seat – would be asked to nominate a minister.

That gives Mr Robinson limited time, and makes his favoured tactic of stalling for time – such as over the on-the-runs issue – more difficult.

Mr Nesbitt has provided maximum political discomfort for his DUP rival and if Mr Robinson comes under sufficient pressure to quit the Executive then that will be the end of this Stormont.

If that was to happen, history suggests that there will be several wilderness years of direct rule.

After the 2002 suspension of Stormont it took five years for devolved government to return – under new leaders of unionism and nationalism.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0136757-31470f12f9c4df08d430c59d4967249a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005447 00000000000 014723  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Heat forward LeBron James rose high to block Spurs center Tiago Splitter on a dunk attempt at the rim during the fourth quarter of Miami's 103-84 defeat of San Antonio in Game 2 of the NBA Finals on Sunday.

"Basically, I told myself, you'll end up on SportsCenter one way or another, either getting dunked on going to get a block," James said. "Luckily I was on the good side of the Top 10."

Heat coach Erik Spoelstra singled out James' selflessness on the play, what with the looming possibility of a YouTube posterization.

"A lot of players wouldn't go for that," he said. "[There's] the possibility of getting dunked on and being on a highlight film. He's been on that highlight film both ways. It takes great courage to go up and make one of those plays."

With a little more than eight minutes remaining in the fourth and Miami leading 86-67, James darted over from the right baseline, leaving Kawhi Leonard to meet a driving Splitter right in the middle of the paint. Splitter attempted a right-handed slam over the top but James rose and capped the shot with his right hand, knocking the ball free and allowing Chris Bosh to recover it for Miami. James celebrated the play with a flex, a chest pound and a scream.

"I was, I guess, the last line of defense," James continued. "I just pride myself on that side of the floor."

This was the definition of a bang-bang sequence, as Splitter didn't hesitate in attacking the rim at full force after diving to the hoop from the free throw line as he received a pass from Tony Parker. James' quick burst from the weakside put him in great position to make the play, and there wasn't much question he would win the hangtime battle against Splitter.

"He blocked it," Heat guard Mario Chalmers said. "I mean, we seen that coming. I know I kind of figured he was going to block that one, just the angle he had. That's why he's First-Team All-Defense."

The Heat used a 15-0 second-half run to blow open Game 2. James started slowly in the first half, scoring just four points by halftime, but his fingerprints were all over Miami's strong second-half performance. The Heat scored eight straight points after James' block on Splitter, pushing their lead to an insurmountable 27 points.

"Just wanted to make an impact some way," James said, after scoring 17 points (on 7-for-17 shooting) and tallying eight rebounds and seven assists. "Offensively, it was a struggle for me. Couldn't make a shot, missed layups."

The rejection of Splitter was James' second big-time defensive highlight of the night, as he got his fingertips on a Tim Duncan shot in the first half, too.

James also had a massive block of Pacers guard George Hill during Game 4 of the Eastern Conference finals.

The Spurs defeated the Heat 92-88 in Game 1 on Thursday. The series shifts to San Antonio's AT&T Center for Game 3 on Tuesday.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136782-21253bd1c73b0d8d79058ea869c81c15.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006163 00000000000 014765  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        After months of widespread anticipation, Canonical on Thursday released Ubuntu 14.04 LTS, a new Long-Term Support version of its popular Linux distribution that promises the extended support often sought by business users, in particular.

Bundled with five years of free security updates, the software aims to deliver a seamless migration path for organizations upgrading from Ubuntu 12.04, the previous Long-Term Support version.

Both desktop and server versions of Ubuntu 14.04 made their debut this week, each chock-full of powerful new features. Ready for some of the highlights? Here's what you can expect.

On the Desktop

A slicker experience awaits users of Ubuntu 14.04 on the desktop as a result of improvements to the Unity user interface, Canonical says, but there's also the option to test out convergence-minded Unity 8, which currently runs on Ubuntu phones and tablets. With support for multitouch track pads and touch screens as well as high pixel density screens, Ubuntu 14.04 LTS will be part of the first commercially available Ubuntu tablets.

Launching hard on the heels of Windows XP's end of life, meanwhile, Canonical is also pitching the new release as a compelling alternative for many businesses. That may not be an unreasonably optimistic proposition, either: A full 70 percent of CIOs will change their technology and sourcing relationships in the next 2 to 3 years, Gartner predicts.

“The 14.04 LTS release offers a solid, intuitive experience which is easy to manage,” said Canonical CEO Jane Silber. “It is a viable and affordable alternative for organizations considering a switch from Microsoft, and specifically those replacing XP or Windows 7 as they come to the end of life.”

Tools enabling the remote delivery of applications are included in the desktop version of Ubuntu 13.04, as is compatibility with Windows file formats, browser-based cloud solutions and the Microsoft Office-compatible LibreOffice suite.

In the Cloud

Of even greater interest to many enterprises, though, is the server version of Ubuntu 14.04, which is Ubuntu’s third LTS cloud release.

Not only is Ubuntu 14.04 LTS packed with Docker and OpenStack Icehouse, but it also introduces support for IBM Power Systems and POWER as well as for 64-bit ARM servers.

New versions of Juju and MAAS are also added to the mix "to design, deploy and scale services faster than any other platform available today, on cloud or bare metal," Canonical says. The new release integrates Open vSwitch for networking and Ceph for storage as well.

In short, "Ubuntu is now the enterprise platform supported on the widest range of modern architectures – IBM POWER, ARM64, x86, and x64," the company says.

Global enterprises including AT&T, Bharti, British Telecom, China Telecom, Comcast, Deutsche Telekom, Korea Telecom, NEC, NTT, Orange France, Time Warner Cable, Verizon, Netflix and Instagram all use Ubuntu, Canonical notes.

“Ubuntu is the primary platform for cloud – public, private or hybrid," said Ubuntu and Canonical founder Mark Shuttleworth. "In this release, our third LTS with deep roots in cloud, we raise the bar for efficiency and orchestration at scale."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0136793-afd94f73443ffe604c6f3cbf6bbd2eaf.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000216000 00000000000 015565  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Does it matter that the power Britain relies on to make the country glow and hum no longer belongs to Britain? After all, the lights still shine. The phones still charge. Does it matter that the old electricity suppliers of eastern and north-west England and the English Midlands, the coal-fired power stations of Kingsnorth, Ironbridge and Ratcliffe-on-Soar, the turbine shops at Hams Hall, the oil and gas stations on the Isle of Grain, Killingholme, Enfield and Cottam are the property of E.ON of Düsseldorf? Is it of significance only to sentimental Little Englanders that the former electricity boards of Tyneside and Yorkshire, the power stations at Didcot in Oxfordshire, Fawley in Hampshire, Tilbury in Essex, Littlebrook in Kent, Great Yarmouth in Norfolk, Little Barford in Bedfordshire and Staythorpe in Nottinghamshire belong to RWE of Essen (the last being the only one the German company built itself)? Is it a sign of some atavistic hostility to the Other – nationalism, chauvinism, even racism – to find it strange that the one-time public purveyors of electricity in North Wales, Merseyside and southern Scotland, along with another set of large power stations, are owned by Iberdrola of Bilbao? Are you an enemy of liberal principles if you question the fact that, when local electrical engineers dig up the roads in London, they’re working for East Asia’s richest man, the Hong Kong-based Li Ka-shing? In north-east England, they work for Warren Buffett; in Birmingham, Cardiff and Plymouth, the Pennsylvania Power and Light Company; in Edinburgh, Glasgow and Liverpool, Iberdrola; in Manchester, a consortium of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia and a J.P. Morgan investment fund.

More than anyone, you’d think, it would matter to the people who made these arrangements possible in the first place. What has happened is not what they promised or intended when they put Britain’s state-owned electricity industry on the block. Before this year is out, politicians, regulators and corporations will make a set of decisions determining the electric life of Britain for the next half century. They will decide how the country keeps the lights burning and the wheels of industry turning for the next fifty years without severely affecting the climate or impoverishing us. But as a result of actions taken a generation ago by Margaret Thatcher’s Conservatives – a party whose nationalist programme promised independence from Europe – the decisions aren’t Britain’s alone. Thatcher promised less state involvement in industry but the future of Britain’s energy supply now hinges on state-owned French companies based in Paris: Electricité de France, better known as EDF, and Areva, maker of nuclear power stations. Will EDF and Areva build a fleet of new nuclear reactors in Britain or won’t they, and if they do, how much will it cost the British and French public?

Defending her record in Parliament on the day she resigned in 1990, Thatcher spoke in patriotic tones of how, with millions of people buying shares in former state industries, privatisation was giving ‘power back to the people’, and how competition at home and open markets in Europe would free British enterprise to lead the world. Now, in 2012, it’s clear that the result of electricity privatisation was to take power away from the people. Small British shareholders have no influence over the overwhelmingly non-British owners of the firms that generate and distribute power in Britain. The fact that individual households and small businesses can choose to switch from the confusing tariff of one oligopolistic supplier to another doesn’t protect them from sharp, unpredictable swings in prices. In overseas chanceries the Thatcher doctrine came up against ambitious leaders who were no less patriotic, but not so arrogant and naive. Unlike Thatcher, they didn’t assume that if their country levelled its playing field, others would level theirs. The problem with the ideal of competition is that there are winners and losers. The electricity competition has now been held. It is over, and Britain lost. From the point of view of technology and capital, electric Britain is no longer a centre. It is another centre’s province.

The most unexpected consequence of selling the country’s electric legacy, the consequence that most directly contradicts what the Thatcherites were trying to do, was the gradual absorption of swathes of the industry by EDF. Beginning with the takeover of London Electricity in 1998, exploiting the Thatcherites’ open-door market structures and their decision to split the electricity industry into small, easy-to-swallow chunks, France in effect renationalised the industry its neighbour had so painstakingly privatised. Renationalised it, that is, for France. As well as being one of the six dominant UK suppliers of energy, EDF now owns a fat portfolio of British power stations, including the fleet of nuclear reactors that still provides around a sixth of the country’s electricity.

It was a setback for the pro-market ideologues. Unlike E.ON and RWE, EDF is a state-owned monolith with a near monopoly on the production and supply of electricity in France, run by technocrats and members of a powerful trade union, the Confédération générale du travail (CGT). Its mission is to empower France in foreign markets, and the government agency that owns it, L’Agence des participations de l’Etat, isn’t embarrassed to say so. In her foreword to the agency’s 2010 report, Christine Lagarde – then minister for economic affairs in François Fillon’s cabinet – boasted that the state would be more active than ever in building ‘champions capable of competing with global market rivals’. In Thatcherite terms EDF was a public sector mammoth that would inevitably be hunted to extinction by the hungry and agile competitors of post-privatisation countries like Britain. The laws of economics said so. And yet the opposite happened. The mammoth thrived, and Britain failed to produce new competitors, agile or otherwise.

If the power of EDF in Britain is an embarrassment to neoliberals, does that mean it’s good for their opponents, the pastel-shade socialists of the legacy left? Unison, the British union that represents electricity workers, seems happy. Greg Thomson, Unison’s head of strategic organisation, told me that since it crossed the Channel EDF had gone against prevailing management orthodoxy by reinstating a final salary pension scheme for workers. Unison was given seats with the CGT in an EDF/union body, a ‘European Works Council’, and enough leverage over EDF management to get union recognition for previously non-union workers at a call centre in Sunderland. ‘When London Electricity was privatised, we adopted a policy of returning it to public ownership, and I’m pleased to think I delivered on that,’ Thomson said. ‘Obviously to the wrong nation, but you can’t be too picky.’

Yet EDF’s foreign adventures make Unison’s French counterparts suspicious. They don’t understand why Britain gave away its native electricity industry so easily. A colleague of Thomson’s told me that the CGT was ‘apoplectic’ that Unison didn’t resist in 2010 when EDF sold off the local networks of cables and transformers it owned in East Anglia, London and south-east England to Li Ka-shing, in order to fund its purchase of Britain’s nuclear stations. ‘When the sale went through they were absolutely pissed off because we had done nothing to stop it. They voted to man the barricades.’ Thomson remembered an early trip to a European Works Council meeting in Paris, when one of the CGT men said to him at lunch: ‘There’s only one country that’s stupid enough to sell off its electricity industry, and that’s Britain.’

*

How did we get here? In 1981, with inflation and unemployment at 10 per cent plus, with the recently elected Conservative government forced to yield to the demands of the miners, public spending cuts provoking general outrage and Thatcher’s prime ministerial career seemingly doomed to a swift, ignominious end, a 38-year-old economist from Birmingham University called Stephen Littlechild was working on ways to realise an esoteric idea that had been much discussed in radical Tory circles: privatisation. Privatisation was not a Thatcher patent. The Spanish economist Germà Bel traces the origins of the word to the German word Reprivatisierung, first used in English in 1936 by the Berlin correspondent of the Economist, writing about Nazi economic policy. In 1943, in an analysis of Hitler’s programme in the Quarterly Journal of Economics, the word ‘privatisation’ entered the academic literature for the first time. The author, Sidney Merlin, wrote that the Nazi Party ‘facilitates the accumulation of private fortunes and industrial empires by its foremost members and collaborators through “privatisation” and other measures, thereby intensifying centralisation of economic affairs and government in an increasingly narrow group that may for all practical purposes be termed the national socialist elite’.

The gung-ho free marketeers who rode to power with Thatcher in 1979 don’t seem to have been aware of the Nazi prelude, although they would have known of later privatisations in Pinochet’s Chile. Until Bel’s recent research it was Peter Drucker, in his writings about management in the 1960s, who was said to have coined the term ‘reprivatisation’. Nigel Lawson, a champion of privatisation, attributes the dropping of the ‘re-’ to a fellow Conservative, David Howell, one of the back-room Tory ideas men tinkering obscurely with economic models while Edward Heath and Harold Wilson squared off against the unions in the 1960s and 1970s. (Howell was Thatcher’s first energy minister. He is now Baron Howell of Guildford, Foreign Office minister, still in government at the age of 76 under his fellow Etonian David Cameron, alongside his son-in-law George Osborne.)

The 1979 Conservative manifesto barely mentioned privatisation, or denationalisation, as it was sometimes called. In 1968, when an internal party think-tank called the public sector of industry ‘a millstone round our necks’ and proposed some sell-offs, Thatcher was sceptical. ‘One could not have two rival enterprises,’ she said, ‘seeking to sell electricity in competition one with another.’ Littlechild disagreed. And in the ferment of the 1979 election victory theorists like himself saw a rare chance to test their ideas in a real, live, industrial society of fifty million people. In October 1981 he published a paper in the house journal of the radical free-market think-tank the Institute of Economic Affairs called ‘Ten Steps to Denationalisation’. Appearing alongside articles with such titles as ‘Why Recession Benefits Britain’ and ‘The Tumbril and the Classroom’, Littlechild’s proposals would have seemed to most politicians and business people of the time like the ravings of a revolutionary dreamer. As the mainstream right talked warily of selling off parts of the steel industry, Littlechild jumped ahead to what few others imagined could be the future: to the privatisation of the railways and the Post Office. ‘What the Post Office needs,’ he wrote, ‘is an imaginative asset stripper.’

His most extreme ideas, by the standards of the day, were about electricity. In Britain at that time electricity was produced and distributed by a state organisation with a no-nonsense Attlee-era moniker, redolent of brown paper envelopes and blotched stencils and corridors smelling of disinfectant: the Central Electricity Generating Board, the CEGB. Littlechild suggested splitting the National Grid off from the power-generating side of the CEGB, privatising regional electricity boards, letting private companies build power stations to compete with the state, and forcing the CEGB to sell or lease its coal and nuclear plants. It turned out these were not dreams, but prophecies packaged in an implementable plan; all were to come about within a decade.

As the great shift from public to private ownership of Britain’s technological veins and sinews gathered pace through the 1980s – telephones in 1984, gas in 1986, airports in 1987, water in 1989, leading up to electricity and the railways in the 1990s – the public perception was that Britain was becoming more like the United States, where, it was popularly believed, everything, including electricity, was provided by competing private companies. No autobiography of a British free-market thinker was complete without an American epiphany, a journey across the Atlantic to where Ronald Reagan’s United States seemed to hum and sparkle in a virtuous free market circle of efficiency and prosperity.

Apart from the reality that, for most Americans, it didn’t, the problem was that extreme pro-privatisation Brits like Littlechild thought that the US hadn’t gone far enough. So radical were the Thatcherite free market evangelicals that they thought America’s electricity system was all too similar to the neo-Soviet horrors, as they saw them, of the CEGB. In 19th and early 20th-century Europe, only the earliest nodes of new-technology networks – piped water, gas, electricity, railways, telegraph and telephone communications, services that societies very quickly became dependent on – were built as capitalist ventures. Gradually the networks were taken over, completed and run by national or local government. The United States took a different route. America let private companies carry on providing vital services like electricity; it also let them have local monopolies. But in exchange for being protected from competition, the companies accepted limits on their profits. The limit was worked out as a percentage of the amount the company and its shareholders had invested in the company – in building a power station, for instance – and how much it would have to invest in future to keep the system running. It was called ‘rate of return regulation’, and it set a ceiling on the profits capitalists were allowed to make on an investment in something society couldn’t live without.

It wasn’t perfect. There were regular disputes over how much the companies should invest and how much customers should have to pay. But the arrangement gave American society a generally robust set of networks that powered it through its 20th-century transformation. Looking ahead, in the 1980s, to the great sell-off that few Britons knew was coming, Littlechild concluded that Britain could be more free-market than America. He had a powerful ally in Alan Walters, Thatcher’s economic adviser, and when it came to the first of the big privatisations – the sale of British Telecom – Littlechild was commissioned to come up with new rules for governing the private companies on which the country would depend in the new, profit-led world.

The formula he came up with in 1983 sounded benign enough when it was presented to the public. Few knew or cared what it meant, still less how radical a departure it was: it seemed a minor detail compared to the enormity of privatisation itself. Littlechild’s formula, known as ‘RPI minus X’, isn’t the only reason Britain’s private power industry is now, thirty years later, an overwhelmingly foreign-owned oligopoly. But it is key. The trouble with the American system, Littlechild thought, was that it didn’t reward electricity companies (or phone, water or gas companies) for being more efficient: for sacking superfluous workers, using cheaper materials or cutting back on luxuries like research. On the contrary, it encouraged them to invest in high technology and fancy experimental kit, because the more they invested, the more profits the regulator would let them keep. This, in turn, led to higher prices for customers. To an efficiency-obsessed theorist like Littlechild it all smacked of what he saw as the ghastly mix of bureaucrats, engineers, unions and politicians running the CEGB.

Littlechild’s solution for Britain was to replace the American ceiling on profits with a ceiling on prices. Privatised companies would only be able to increase their prices each year by an amount equal to inflation, measured by the Retail Price Index, RPI, minus an X-factor, which the regulator would set every five years. Prices were supposed to fall, in real terms, every year: it sounded like a good deal for the customer. But what wasn’t obvious to most people was how huge the opportunities were for privatised electricity companies to cut costs, and not just by laying off workers. In The Queen of the Trent, published in 2009 to mark the fortieth anniversary of Cottam power station in Nottinghamshire, Robert Davis quotes one of the employees:

There was so much wastage during the CEGB days. It was like they had money to burn. The stores were always full and we had spares for everything. Bureaucracy was part of the problem. If you signed stuff out of the stores, even if you found you’d got the wrong bits, you couldn’t sign them back in. The system didn’t allow that. There was nothing to do but put the parts straight in the skip.

Under RPI-X, there was a big incentive for managers to root out such practices. But there was no need for them to pass on the gains to customers in the form of lower prices, or to invest them in research and new plant. As long as they kept their prices in line with the X-factor, managers could bank the profits they made from cost-cutting, or pass them on to shareholders, jacking up their own salaries along the way.[*]

Littlechild, who became the privatised electricity industry’s first regulator, thought this was a good thing. He was happy to see the privatised electricity companies make fat profits in the early years, thinking that this would draw in new competitors eager for a slice of the pie. They would build new power stations, eating into the incumbents’ profits, poaching customers by offering lower prices. The least efficient electricity firms would go bust, the most efficient would thrive, and electricity would be cheaper. As old power stations wore out, they would be replaced because it was profitable to replace them: the market would organise itself to produce as much electricity as customers were prepared to pay for. To begin with, before full competition was established, he, the regulator, imagined he would act as a surrogate, a kind of State Competitor General, enforcing occasional price cuts to keep the private companies on their toes. In the end, he thought, the need for regulation would largely wither away. What Littlechild, an academic with no business experience, didn’t fully take on board was that the reason private companies compete with each other isn’t that they like competition. They hate it, and will only compete if forced to do so. Rather than competing with a rival on price or product or revenue, they’ll try to eliminate the rival firm and take over its territory by buying it; or reach an unwritten agreement on an oligopolistic cartel of a few big firms, carving up the market between them.

*

Electricity isn’t a commodity like copper or coffee or water. It’s the only commodity that is both essential to modern life and impossible to store. An electricity system must be able to manufacture and transport as much power as the society it serves demands at every given moment, and not one watt less. The only efficient way to achieve this is for society to invest vast amounts of manpower and resources over generations to plan, build and maintain a network of power stations and supply cables, with excess capacity to deal with breakdowns and peaks in demand.

Britain built just such a network in the mid-20th century, and by the time it was privatised it was a creation of devilish intricacy, even before the government sliced it into pieces, replacing central planning with commercial contracts between sellers, makers and transporters of power. The local sellers of electricity, the 12 regional English electricity boards, were privatised as 12 separate companies in 1990. They would now buy their electricity wholesale, supposedly at market rates, mainly from the three big privatised concerns that made it: National Power and Powergen, which took over the CEGB’s big coal-fired power stations in 1991, and British Energy, owner of the newest nuclear stations, which was floated on the stock market in 1996. Holding it all together, transporting electricity between power stations and from region to region, was the National Grid, owned jointly at first by the 12 local electricity firms; after 1996, it was an independent commercial player in its own right.

But once the privatisers factored in the costs of spare capacity, and the different profiles of different kinds of power station, they came up with a system for setting the wholesale price of electricity so complicated that the only people who understood it were the people who ran the companies in whose interest it was for it to be as high as possible. In the course of the 1990s, the cost of oil, gas and coal fell and aggressive management made power stations much cheaper to run, mainly by cutting workers. And yet the wholesale price of electricity stayed the same. The big private players found ways to manipulate the market to keep prices high. They were able to game the system by declaring, for instance, that a certain power station was temporarily unavailable to generate electricity. The price of electricity would then rise – at which point the power station magically came back online. One company fingered for doing this – in an early report by Littlechild – was Powergen, headed by Ed Wallis, a former CEGB official who ran the operation to get coal to the power stations during the 1984-85 miners’ strike. But however unethically it was behaving, Powergen wasn’t breaking any law. It was simply taking advantage of the opportunities for bilking customers that were built in to the rules.

There were many other tactics. In the privatisation carve-up, Powergen inherited two small coal-fired power stations: Hams Hall, outside Birmingham, and Ferrybridge B, near Pontefract. They were used only in emergencies or during maintenance on the local electricity network, when it couldn’t handle the voltage from the National Grid. Soon after Powergen took over, it announced that, as a commercial decision, it was going to close both stations. This forced the Grid to upgrade its transformers in the area, to make sure local people and businesses never risked a blackout. But while the upgrade was being carried out, the Grid couldn’t be accessed, and Ferrybridge B and Hams Hall became indispensable to Yorkshire and Warwickshire. The stations’ electricity had to be bought by suppliers, no matter how much it cost. While similar stations elsewhere in the country were charging between £20 and £30 per megawatt-hour, Powergen hiked Ferrybridge and Hams Hall prices to £120. According to the calculations of Littlechild’s statistical elves, this abuse of market dominance brought Powergen an extra £88 million in profits – an extra £88 million, that is, carved out of customers’ electricity bills.

Wallis was pilloried in the media in the mid-1990s as the classic bureaucrat-turned-fat-cat for his £460,000 salary and lucrative share options, but his career and establishment reputation don’t seem to have been tarnished by the conduct of the company he ran. He’s now chairman of the Natural Environment Research Council, responsible for handing out government money to scientists researching climate change.

As well as rewarding management and shareholders for cutting costs, RPI-X rewarded them for cutting corners. Unlike water and rail, which badly needed investment when they were privatised, the privatised electricity companies benefited from half a century of high investment in an over-engineered, lovingly maintained power system that produced more electricity than the country needed. In the early years they could slash investment without anyone, apart from their staff, being aware of the effects. Over-investment switched to under-investment, but the consequences of this wouldn’t become clear until later.

RPI-X also allowed companies to reap the benefit of windfalls that were the result of luck rather than smart management. Since electricity is one of those things, like food, that people need whether there’s an economic slump or not, the companies did relatively well out of the recession of the early 1990s. Their overheads were half what the experts predicted. The companies paid out generous dividends to shareholders and were still swimming in cash. Littlechild could have stepped in to lower prices, but he held back, fearful of intruding on managers’ RPI-X nirvana. When he did act, the stock market found the price cuts he ordered so laughably mild that the companies’ share prices shot up. In December 1994, the property conglomerate Trafalgar House tried to buy Northern Electric, one of the privatised electricity companies. It offered £11 a share: four times what the civil servants and City advisers had sold it for a few years earlier. Northern Electric’s cash mountain was so large that it was able to give each shareholder a fiver for every share they owned in order to prevent the takeover. The economist Dieter Helm, in his book Energy, the State and the Market, writes: ‘Northern Electric in effect revealed that it could have given its domestic customers a year without paying any bills and still have been able to finance its functions.’

The privatised electricity companies’ minuscule debts and the fat profits they were making under RPI-X drew predators from across the Atlantic, and when the government’s golden share in the firms lapsed in 1995, the Americans pounced. Just as California was making the disastrous decision to imitate the British model in opening up its own electricity system to competition, companies from Ohio, Nebraska, Texas, Georgia, Colorado, Louisiana and Virginia spent £10 billion buying up British firms. As the Americans began to flood in, Labour took over from the Conservatives, and Gordon Brown slapped a windfall tax of £1.5 billion on the electricity firms as punishment for their excess profits. It was easy for the Americans to borrow the money to pay, because their new acquisitions had so little debt on their books. But the windfall tax was a sign that US executives, caught up in the more-testosterone-than-sense expansionist passion that brought about the downfall of Enron, had misjudged the risks of investing in British electricity.

They tried the same tricks as their British predecessors. Edison Mission Energy of California, for instance, bought two big coal-fired power stations from Powergen in 1999. In 2000, it announced that it was closing one of the generating units at its Fiddlers Ferry coal station in Cheshire because, it said, it cost too much to run. In fact, it could have been run at a profit. But by taking 500 megawatts of the power it generated off the market, Edison Mission drove up the price of electricity, which meant more money for Edison Mission, and for the other owners of power stations. The customers paid the price. Edison Mission eventually brought the unit back online after pressure from Littlechild’s successor as regulator, Callum McCarthy. The writing was on the wall for the Americans. The windfall tax suggested there’d be a tighter regulatory regime under Labour, and shortly after the American buying spree began, wholesale prices for electricity plummeted. There was a rush for the exit. In desperation, the Americans cast around for somebody willing to take their British electricity assets off their hands.

McCarthy was indifferent to the rout of the Americans. He was only interested in price, and claimed partial credit for the sudden cheapness of electricity: he attributed it to Neta, a wholesale electricity trading system that he favoured and the government backed. The New Electricity Trading Arrangements were designed to bring prices down by making the electricity market fairer and more open. On the face of it, Littlechild had cause for satisfaction, too. He could point out that the fate of the Americans – some, notably TXU of Houston, lost their shirts in Britain – gave the lie to the notion that the privatised electricity system was a licence for capitalists to print money. In reality, the fall in the electricity price had little to do with Neta and much to do with Littlechild’s endorsement in the late 1990s of the ‘dash for gas’ – the rapid construction of gas-fired power stations, cheaper to build and run at the time than coal or nuclear. This led at the turn of the century to an electricity glut.

New power stations, an electricity surplus, lower prices, companies going bust because they weren’t competitive: it sounds as if everything Littlechild planned had come to pass. Yet the result wasn’t at all what he’d imagined. Just because the American companies’ shareholders, and their customers back home in the US, got stiffed by their adventures in Britain didn’t mean that Britain benefited. In the first place, the electricity surplus was a political and industrial disaster. The new wave of gas-fired power stations took enough market share from the coal and nuclear stations to bring them to the edge of bankruptcy, but didn’t have the capacity to replace them if they actually went bust. It wasn’t just that the livelihoods of thousands of miners and engineers loyal to Labour were on the line: a system that could bring the country to a halt in a fraction of a second was subjected to market shocks that had no market solution. Blair’s government had already intervened to slow down the switch from coal to gas; in 2002 it had little choice but to bail out British Energy, the private company that owned the nuclear stations.

And there was a deeper, less visible problem. Neta was fantastically complex. There is no evidence to suggest that any elected politician has ever understood how it worked (any more than they understood its byzantine predecessor, the ‘Pool’). Some specialists believe civil servants don’t understand it either. How could they? Its arcane codexes are intelligible only to corporate lawyers and accountants. Yet there was one important clue to how Neta worked: the electricity companies were all for it – this, despite the fact that McCarthy championed it as a means of bringing them to heel. And when Neta – the electricity trading system we still have today – was introduced, it gradually became clear why. It was even more opaque than the Pool. And although its introduction coincided with a sharp fall in wholesale electricity prices, customers saw no change in their bills.

It was true that the ‘dash for gas’ had brought about a squeeze in profits for the companies that generated electricity. But the main beneficiaries of this weren’t customers: they were the firms that distributed and sold the power. Excessive profit margins simply shifted from one set of electricity companies to another. The inevitable next stage was for the companies that distributed electricity to merge with the companies that generated it: this was ‘vertical integration’, just the kind of cosy arrangement, with all its potential for price-fixing and abuse of market dominance, that Littlechild wished to avoid. The introduction of Neta shed no light on the real costs to companies that sell customers electricity they’ve ‘bought’ wholesale from themselves. There was only one set of companies rich, powerful and experienced enough to take advantage of Britain’s burgeoning oligopoly. In 1998, as the Americans began their withdrawal from Britain, Continental Europeans arrived to take their place. The first bid from across the Channel, only seven years after the CEGB was destroyed, came from Electricité de France, the French CEGB.

*

I met Stephen Littlechild at a hotel in Dorridge, near Birmingham. He’s still busy in the obscure world of utility regulation, still attached to Birmingham and Cambridge Universities. Gently sunburned, with white hair and beard, he’s almost seventy; he has a Puckish energy, an enthusiasm more postgraduate than professorial, and a way of punctuating his conversation with a falsetto giggle. He once said that instead of RIP, the inscription on his gravestone should read ‘RPI-X’.

Privatisation, he told me, had been a matter of achieving clarity. ‘In the nationalised industries … nobody had a clue what anything cost. The government just gave them money, and sometimes didn’t … What has happened is that a price has been put on everything.’ He blamed two groups for the problems that followed the electricity privatisation. One was the City analysts who mistakenly characterised investment in long-established public electricity enterprises as ‘risky’, thus underestimating how cheaply new owners would be able to borrow money. The other was the politicians, who never gave him the powers he wanted to obstruct the anti-competitive mergers of electricity makers and electricity sellers.

In 1995, Scottish Power, which was integrated from the moment of privatisation – it both sold and generated electricity from the big coal stations at Longannet and Cockenzie – became the first privatised producer to take over a privatised seller when it bid for the former Merseyside and North Wales Electricity Board, renamed Manweb. Littlechild said he had tried to persuade Tim Eggar, energy minister at the time, to intervene. Instead of worrying about the power over customers the takeover would give the Scottish firm, Eggar said he wanted to give Manweb ‘a kick in the pants’. Both companies now belong to Iberdrola of Spain.

It seemed odd that Littlechild, the great free marketeer, should be upset about a private Scottish firm taking over a privatised electricity board, yet quite relaxed about a state-owned French company taking over the private London Electricity in November 1998. That first foray by EDF was followed in 2000 by its purchase of Cottam; in 2002 EDF added the old electricity boards in south-east and south-west England to its portfolio, and in 2008, with the purchase of British Energy, it bought most of Britain’s working nuclear power stations. As age shuts them down the plan is to replace them, starting in 2019, with a French-designed reactor known as the European Pressurised Reactor (EPR). With the abolition of the CEGB Britain no longer has the skills to design and build nuclear power stations.

‘People naturally feel some pang of regret that something made in Britain is no longer made in Britain,’ Littlechild said. ‘But the reason it happens is that a better service has been provided elsewhere.’

Didn’t it invalidate the privatisation of the CEGB and the old electricity boards if they could just be renationalised by the French, without British firms being able to do anything similar in France?

‘People are better off,’ he replied, ‘even if it means some jobs move overseas, because we specialise in other industries and other sectors where we have an advantage, like financial services. The argument that Adam Smith and others made for free trade did not depend on other countries accepting it as well. You appear to think that you should not let foreigners compete in this country unless our companies are able to compete in their country. I’m saying we stand to gain by letting anyone who wants to compete in this country – at least customers stand to gain.’

Littlechild seemed reluctant to accept that EDF’s move into Britain undermined the rationale for electricity privatisation and I was surprised, just before I left, when he looked at me sadly and said that, yes, he did regret what had happened, only a month before his term as regulator came to an end. ‘I think it was not possible for the regulator to stop it … I didn’t want an important reform being compromised by a company from overseas that was still state-owned, very large, not subject to competition, its actions not determined by meeting the needs of customers but by, well, its plans.’

*

It wasn’t that nobody tried to stop EDF’s move into Britain. But in 1998, Labour was working with the set-up it had inherited from the Tories. In her notorious Bruges speech ten years earlier, Thatcher had warned overweening Eurocrats: ‘We have not successfully rolled back the frontiers of the state in Britain, only to see them reimposed at a European level.’ The same year, in another, forgotten speech, she boasted to an audience of businessmen that her government had forced Europe to break down the barriers to cross-border business. By supporting a single European market in goods and services, she said, the Conservatives were taking action ‘to secure free movement of capital throughout the Community’. She saw no contradiction: those who claim to be her heirs still don’t. But implicit in Thatcher’s support for the single market was the acceptance of a single Brussels-based regulator as the ultimate arbiter of fair competition in Europe. Since then the EU Competition Directorate has had more impact on Britain than any other EU body. And France has proved an adept lobbyist. Brussels has let the French protect EDF from competition at home, allowed EDF to borrow money at low government rates, and let it expand into the open arena of Britain.

A strong, cunning negotiator capable of schmoozing the Eurocrats was required if the Department of Trade and Industry was ever to make the case in Brussels against the EDF takeover of London Electricity. On 30 November 1998, when news of the deal broke, exactly such a man was in charge at the DTI: Peter Mandelson. New in the job and eager to prove he was more than just a master of the political dark arts, he claimed he modelled himself on a Tory predecessor, Michael Heseltine, who had pledged to ‘intervene before breakfast, lunch and dinner’ on the side of British industry. But Mandelson never had a chance to put the case. A few weeks after EDF made its move, he was on the brink of tears, listening to Tony Blair telling him over the phone that he had to resign. Details had emerged of an undeclared £373,000 loan Mandelson had taken from the Treasury minister Geoffrey Robinson to buy a house in Notting Hill, an untenable conflict of interest. Mandelson quit, and after a sojourn on Corfu with his ‘old and good friends’ from the Rothschild banking family, passed into his personal Golgotha: a small flat, a Fiat Punto instead of a ministerial car and Friday nights shopping in Hartlepool Tesco’s.

Had his desire for a nice house not forced him out of office, would Mandelson have made the effort to lead a concerted lobbying effort in Brussels against the EDF takeover? We’ll never know. He was, proudly, the grandson of a patriarch of nationalisation, Herbert Morrison, and as such a kind of familial opponent to George Osborne, son-in-law of David Howell, patriarch of privatisation. Mandelson claimed in his memoirs that his house purchase was ‘nesting, rather than socialising’. But by moving to Notting Hill and hanging out with the Rothschilds he passed into Osborne’s territory.

Tucked away in Mandelson’s account of his 1998 downfall is a tortured paragraph, part confession, part self-justification, which could stand as the heart’s cry of New Labour – the agony that wells up in the soul of an ambitious, sensitive socialist who suffers because he can’t live like the hedge fund people, those people who are so much more charming than one has been led to expect. ‘A bit of high living had definitely crept into my soul,’ Mandelson wrote.

I saw what others enjoyed and I wanted to share it. Not glamour, or luxury, or swank. Just comfort and smartness. I had absolutely no desire to show off. Social life was always secondary. Work always came first. But I cared about money because I didn’t have it. I wanted my own savings, my own ability to spend on myself and others. I have never been greedy for riches. And yet it was my eyes getting too big for my stomach that brought me down.

With Mandelson gone and his replacement, Stephen Byers, coming to terms with the job, the baton passed to civil servants and to a junior minister responsible for energy, John Battle. Battle was from Leeds, a Catholic and an activist for social justice whose life until that point – studying the poetry of William Empson, training for the priesthood, setting up Church Action on Poverty to campaign for a minimum wage and mastering Labour’s housing brief in opposition – hadn’t obviously pointed him towards the energy portfolio in government. Today he is no longer an MP, and has returned north to a life of good works. I met him in the Tiled Hall Café in Leeds, where he recalled the day in 1997 he first walked into the DTI building as minister. He was met by a reception committee of civil servants.

‘I was asked which room I wanted, and whether I needed anything. I remember asking for a whiteboard, and being told I wouldn’t need one. I asked for a bookcase and they said: “Minister, if there are any books you want to read, you’ve got civil servants now, just get one of them to read the book and they’ll give you a précis.” I didn’t understand that “Is there anything you need?” was code for “What do you want in your drinks cabinet?”’ He asked the civil servants if they would draw up a report on the new energy markets and fuel poverty. ‘I was told fuel poverty was not a concept recognised in the department; it was the concern of the Department of Social Security.’

Battle was well aware of the unfairness of the French takeover, but was under the impression that Littlechild was happy to see it go ahead. The civil servants who might have told him otherwise don’t seem to have made a fuss about it; the DTI’s permanent secretary at the time, Michael Scholar, told me in an email that the EDF takeover ‘was not in the department a cause célèbre’. Battle now regrets not challenging Littlechild and the other regulators. ‘The regulator was completely fixed on price mechanism as the be all and end all, and opening up to new entrants. On paper it sounded fine. But in the real global economy, we couldn’t buy a French power station, and they could buy ours. We didn’t get a grip on the regulators. We left the framework to them. We should have changed the remit. We were too cautious and nervous about questioning the market. Why was it that we had to lose our nationalised industries in order to hand them over to nationalised industries from other countries? They could buy into us, but we couldn’t buy into them. The French said they wanted to open up their markets but they never did.’

The DTI asked Brussels to let Britain’s own competition authorities decide on the EDF bid. The European competition commissioner, the late Karel van Miert, refused, and soon afterwards issued an eight-page judgment clearing the EDF takeover. Ignoring EDF’s monopoly in France, he focused instead on the cross-Channel cable through which EDF already sold Britain a relatively small amount of power. Such a piddling market share, he concluded, hardly threatened dominance.

It was as if UEFA had been asked to consider the fairness of a French football team becoming the 21st member of the Premier League and, after scrupulous examination of the relative strengths of the existing 20 English teams, announced that the French would have no special advantage playing in England, ignoring the detail that when the English teams visited the French side at home, the French goal was boarded up with plywood. ‘The DTI,’ Helm writes,

simply assumed that the British model was the one Europe should follow, and that its superiority would be evident from the results … The failure to prevent EDF’s acquisition of London Electricity or its subsequent incremental acquisitions reflected not just an ignorance of how to work the Commission, but also of how to play the system. Whilst RWE, Ruhrgas [now part of E.ON] and EDF invested in the politics and processes of Brussels, the DTI relied on general principles. Its team was systematically outclassed.

*

I arranged to meet some of the agents of the Robin Hood group, L’Association des Robins de Bois – a clandestine network of French subversives working within EDF on the company’s home territory – in Montbéliard, in Franche-Comté, where the Peugeot family began making things for sale, starting with coffee mills and bicycles in the 19th century. While I waited for my contact outside the railway station, a freight train clanked past bearing a seemingly infinite number of new Peugeots. Here was France’s well-lubricated machine a-running, its state-planned network of nuclear reactors pouring out cheap, low-carbon electricity to power world-renowned Franche-Comté companies like Peugeot and Alstom, and to power the network of state-planned trains à grande vitesse that connects the country. ‘Bienvenue à Belfort Montbéliard – Territoire d’énergies’ reads a poster at the TGV station.

But Peugeot is struggling to compete at home and abroad; France’s 58 nuclear reactors, all built between 1971 and 1991, are coming to the end of their working lives, with no certainty as to how they will be replaced; and the new Belfort-Montbéliard TGV station, which opened last year, deposits arriving passengers in the middle of the countryside, several miles away from both Belfort and Montbéliard. As for cheap electricity, it is no use, if you are French, knowing that EDF electricity is cheaper in France than EDF electricity in Britain (which it is) if you can’t afford it.

My Robin Hood contact, P, had worked directly for EDF for 15 years, then spent another 15 in the CGT union, still, under the French system, on the EDF payroll. Over lunch, he explained the Robin Hood group: a loose association of electrical engineers and co-ordinators who step in when EDF managers order a customer to be cut off for non-payment. In certain cases, if they can’t help the customer any other way, a Robin Hood EDF engineer will return to the property and clandestinely, illegally reconnect the supply. Five years ago EDF electricians discovered that some government officials whose work was tied to the company were getting electricity for nothing. They promptly disconnected them. ‘That was the birth of Robin Hood,’ said P.

The group does what it can to protect its members and impoverished EDF customers from prosecution – making sure the reconnecting engineer is not the same as the disconnecting engineer, and that the meter never stops running, so that the bill continues to rise, at least nominally. Where possible they call in social services to help the customer rather than cut them off, or invent a reason not to do the job.

‘We want an engineer to have the right to refuse to cut somebody off,’ P said. ‘It used to be easier to come up with excuses not to do it, because there weren’t so many jobs. Now one engineer’s doing ten disconnections a day, you can’t refuse them all.’ It was dangerous work, he explained. ‘You need to know how to do it. If you make a mistake when you try to restore electricity, you’re dead. If you create a short circuit you can blow your head off. You need special gloves, a special mask, a visor.’

Rather than use the tactic EDF and other electricity firms have adopted in Britain – replacing non-payers’ meters with a meter requiring power to be paid for in advance – the homeland EDF will sometimes install a ‘trickle meter’, rationing poor customers to a thousand watts at a time. ‘A thousand watts. It’s too little,’ P said. ‘You can’t live with that. If you have the light on in the evening, the TV and the washing machine, that’s it.’

P described the Robin Hood group’s activities as ‘a legitimate act of resistance’, echoing the origins of EDF in the undercover planning for postwar France carried out by the National Council of the Resistance during the Occupation. At the CGT’s headquarters in Paris, in a modern brick building hollowed out by a vast atrium, I found the same description of France’s electricity supply as a part of la patrie that had somehow been taken over by outside forces. ‘For us,’ Denis Cohen, the communist head of the CGT until 2003, told me, ‘energy is like culture; it’s not a private good.’

It was puzzling. From this side of the English Channel, it had seemed clear enough: although some shares in EDF have been sold, and the management has been given a measure of commercial freedom, EDF looks like a state company, owned, controlled and supported by the French state, subject to French political control, and thus to the French electorate. It has taken over a large chunk of the British electrical system, though EDF doesn’t answer to me and my fellow voters. Yet ordinary French people don’t seem to feel it is under their control either. My efforts to arrange an interview with the company’s supposed owners, the French state, in the form of the Agence des participations de l’Etat, were rebuffed. As a last resort I turned up unannounced at the APE’s headquarters in the government offices in Bercy, a forbidding building resembling a cliff face of beige stone and tinted glass. I was shown the door.

‘It’s a funny company,’ Thibaut Madelin, energy correspondent of Les Echos, told me. ‘Obviously it’s a state-owned company, and you can argue it’s controlled by the government, and the union plays a big role, but I think the real power is within EDF. I’ve covered energy for four years and I’ve found no one can actually challenge it. The civil service and the regulator try somehow to control EDF but they can’t. It’s very hard to define where the power comes from.’

*

One spring morning I took the train from London, north through Cambridgeshire and Lincolnshire, to Nottinghamshire. The trackside was sprinkled with blackthorn blossom and when the sun flashed between the rainclouds the fields of rape flowers shone a dizzy yellow. Just before Newark-on-Trent the track began to cross lines of six-armed National Grid pylons, heaving their cables over the sheep and hedgerows like devas converging on a sacred site. We passed between Sherwood Forest and the River Trent and clusters of steam-headed cooling towers rose on the horizon, signalling the approach to England’s great electric estate.

The five coal-fired power stations that spread out in an arc along the Aire and Trent valleys have been there since I was a boy: the squat towers, seen from the window of express trains hurrying between London and Scotland, seem as natural in the landscape as flat green fields and comfortable houses of dark red brick. Most of them were built by the CEGB in the 1960s, in the heyday of state planning, to use local coal. The quintet of West Burton, Cottam, Drax, Eggborough and Ferrybridge still run. With their turbines spinning at full tilt, they can make a fifth of the electricity Britain needs on a cold winter’s day.

Inside the noisy room at Cottam that houses four 164-foot high boilers, Stephen Rawlinson, the plant’s mechanical maintenance manager, beckoned me up a set of metal steps and opened a tiny hatch. We were like insects under the grate of a coal fire, sparks and orange-hot cinders the size of my head shooting into heaps of ash. Looking up, I saw the inferno itself, a vast fireball coiling and erupting, fed by jets of pulverised coal, ground finer than talcum powder in enormous rotating drums filled with steel balls. Here was the elemental fury behind the green charging light and the whine of the washing machine.

Cottam coal station (there’s also a gas station, owned by a German company, on the same site) was privatised in 1991 and bought by EDF in 2000. When I asked the predominantly middle-aged engineers how they felt about working for the French, they told me their first loyalty was to the power station itself. But beyond that, working for EDF reminded them of the old British public service they started out in. ‘It’s very much along the lines of the CEGB as we knew it years ago – very structured procedurally, which is a good thing to have,’ said Dave Owen, a boiler engineer. He took me inside a boiler that had been shut down for cleaning. The mass of hot dust had been vacuumed out but every surface was still covered in brown powder. A gut-tangle of tubes and steam condensers at the top resolved itself into a vertiginous shaft lined with a delicate layer of tightly packed tubes that parted at the base to take coal from the feeders.

‘I don’t mind it going to other countries, but I believe there should be an engineering base in the UK,’ Owen said. ‘As a country we’re losing out, from engineers who design to people who maintain.’

Boyd Johnson, who looks after the mass of machinery – itself the size of a large factory – that strips polluting sulphur from the gas given off by the burning coal, said that Powergen, the company that inherited Cottam from the CEGB, hadn’t seemed committed to the future: it never invested in the full anti-pollution gear. EDF was different. ‘As engineers, we’re all about investment in the kit.’ Being with EDF, he said, was ‘like going back to the CEGB, but a little bit crisper.’ France, to be sure, had different priorities, but ‘at the end of the day, the French are investing. OK, you could say that in the future, when all the nuclears are built, they’ll get quite a large say in how the industry is run. But then we have government regulators.’

Chris Wild, in charge of milling the coal into powder, showed me the troughs where conveyor belts deliver the raw mined nuggets into the plant. I asked where the coal came from. The last deep mine in Nottinghamshire, Thoresby, is twenty miles away. ‘We have such a varied diet,’ he said. ‘I think this is from Kentucky.’ Wild was among the last batch of apprentices taken on by the CEGB before it was broken up and sold. ‘It doesn’t matter,’ he said. ‘I don’t think “My boss is wearing EDF overalls” if he rings up at two in the morning and says some bit of kit’s broken down.’

Cottam operates with hundreds fewer staff than it did in the CEGB days and no apparent problems. ‘If this downsizing had been done under the auspices of the CEGB, would it have worked?’ Wild asked. ‘How do you measure the loss of such things as the Hams Hall workshops and the apprentice workshops at Burton on Trent, or the CEGB engineering programme? It makes you wonder if it could have remained as a privatised, streamlined CEGB. Would it have been better?’

*

The decisions on where electric Britain goes next, decisions in which Paris plays a key role, can’t be put off any longer. The cumulative effects of Littlechild’s RPI-X regime, two decades’ idealisation of shareholder capitalism, and the relentless promotion of the notion that it is socially acceptable for senior managers to be motivated by nothing other than a desire for personal enrichment, have left the electricity system on which Britain relies worn out. A fifth of the British power stations running today are due to close by the 2020s, and the government wants some mix of new nuclear, wind and gas, together with a smattering of coal and a rejig of the Grid, to make good the shortfall. Presenting a draft energy bill to Parliament in May the energy secretary, Ed Davey, said the figure of £110 billion often bandied about for how much this would cost was only the beginning.

The new imperative to be good world citizens by burning less fossil fuel makes matters harder. Our nuclear power stations are clapped out, our coal and oil stations are greenhouse gas factories, and since we’ve burned through most of our own North Sea reserves we have become reliant on shiploads of liquefied gas from Qatar, routed through the Strait of Hormuz, which Iran promises to close if foreign powers give it trouble. Onshore wind farms are unpopular with rural Tories; offshore wind farms are expensive and far from the Grid, and besides, wind power needs to be backed up with alternatives, since the wind doesn’t blow all the time.

Of the three main sources of Britain’s future electricity supply – gas, wind and nuclear – the first two don’t require such urgent attention as the third, though we can expect any amount of rhetoric from the gas and wind lobbies while the energy bill is debated. The gasbags (of whom Osborne is one) will argue that the worldwide shale gas revolution is going to make gas cheaper and more widely available, that gas-fired power stations don’t need subsidies, and that gas is environmentally friendly because it’s less filthy than coal. The windbags, led by Davey, will argue that improving technology will make offshore wind cheaper, that it’s far cleaner than gas, and that wind energy makes Britain less dependent on imports from risky regimes. It’s an argument that Britain would be having whoever owned our electricity industry and it seems inevitable that the gradual end result will be more gas, more wind, and less coal. New nuclear power stations, however, are not only central to the government’s hopes: the companies who would build them say that the decision to proceed must be made by the end of the year.

The original idea, formulated under Labour and inherited by the coalition, was to unleash the pent-up atomic yearnings of the private electricity sector by giving the go-ahead for four new nuclear stations, each with a pair of reactors. Two pairs would be built by EDF at Hinkley Point in Somerset and Sizewell in Suffolk; two would be built by the Germans, E.ON and RWE, at Wylfa on Anglesey and Oldbury in Gloucestershire. At least four and possibly all eight would be a single model, the efficient, super-safe EPR designed by Areva of France. Making all eight of one type would reduce costs: they would effectively be mass-produced. It was argued by the nuclear lobby that since nuclear power stations, like wind farms, don’t produce greenhouse gases once they’re up and running, they should benefit from the same sorts of subsidy as wind. If the French and Germans were being asked to pony up the billions, it was reasoned, they needed some guarantee of payback over the decades of the stations’ working life. Hinkley Point would go online in 2019, and within a few years nearly a quarter of Britain’s peak electricity demand would be supplied by safe, clean, reliable new nukes.

And what was wrong with that? Almost everything, it turns out. The triple meltdown of reactors at Fukushima after the earthquake in Japan last March prompted the German government to shut down its nuclear sector entirely, which in turn led RWE and E.ON to abandon nuclear investment in Britain. Areva is now cobbling together a joint bid to build EPR reactors on the Wylfa and Oldbury sites with a Chinese firm, China Guangdong Nuclear Power Company. But it faces competition from its Japanese rival, Toshiba Westinghouse, which together with another Chinese company, the State Nuclear Power Technology Corporation, also wants to take over the former German projects, and proposes building a different reactor, also said to be efficient and super-safe, the AP1000. The French achieved economies of scale in the 1970s and 1980s by building nearly sixty reactors of identical design. Eight reactors for Britain already sounds more like an artisanal than an assembly-line product; four of one and four of another sounds frankly experimental.

And experimental is what the new reactors are. They are untried. No EPR or AP1000 is or ever has been operational. Two EPRs are being built in China, one in Finland and one at Flamanville in Normandy. None is close to switch-on. The Finnish and French EPRs will cost at least twice as much as they were supposed to. The Chinese reactors are said, by the firms involved, to be on schedule, but Flamanville is running four years late. Recently the local electricity company that ordered the Finnish reactor cancelled the latest opening date – 2014, already five years behind schedule – without giving a new one.

The French themselves seem to be cooling on the EPR. François Hollande wants to cut the nuclear component of France’s electricity from 75 to 50 per cent. In a 2010 report on the future of the French nuclear industry François Roussely, a former head of EDF, warned that the EPR was too complex, needed a redesign, and that customers should be offered a smaller, simpler reactor called the ATMEA. The previous year, taking over as the head of EDF, its current boss, Henri Proglio, mocked Areva for pushing the EPR abroad. ‘Do you know how many companies have just one product in their catalogue?’ he sneered. ‘There was Ford and his Model T. But that was a hundred years ago, and at least he knew how to make and sell it.’ Proglio now says he wants to build EPRs in Britain. His comments were widely interpreted in France as a power play within the febrile world of French industrial politics, and it is this world – a world over which the British electorate has no control – to which the British public is being shackled.

*

Britain’s prospective investment in the EPR, and possibly the AP1000, is disturbingly reminiscent of the prelude to the catastrophic demise of Railtrack, the privatised company that had to be renationalised in 2001. There, too, the government allowed a private network on which the country depended to invest in an unproven technological fix, despite warnings from Europe that the technology wasn’t ready. In the free-market utopia envisioned by Littlechild and Lawson, this shouldn’t have been a problem. In their vision, state planners don’t know what people want: people know what people want, and entrepreneurs will invest and compete to supply those wants. If the product or service supplied is underused, useless or too expensive, it’s the entrepreneur who loses out, not the customers. This perspective takes no account of people’s susceptibility to marketing, yet it’s a reasonable principle, and applied to restaurants, or cars, or furniture, there’s much to be said for it. Were banks to face real competition it would be a good thing. Applied to Britain’s electricity industry, however, it gives rise to two formidable problems.

The first is that a nuclear power station isn’t a restaurant. When the café I own on the market square goes belly up, my livelihood suffers, but the townsfolk won’t lack for coffee. If the National Grid pencils in 13 gigawatts of nuclear electricity for the 2020s, however, and it doesn’t arrive, the country is in peril. It’s a variant of the old joke about you having a problem if you owe the bank a hundred pounds, but the bank having a problem if you owe them a billion. If Henri Proglio plans to move into a new house by Christmas and it isn’t ready, Henri Proglio has a problem. If Henri Proglio’s new reactor isn’t ready for 2019, Britain has a problem. A wind farm that is nine-tenths finished is nine-tenths operational. A nuclear power station that is nine-tenths finished is a £3 billion white elephant.

The possibility that companies might get part-way through building a set of new nuclear reactors in Britain and have to stop due to cost overruns is less likely than the other variant: that, once begun, the new nukes will be finished whatever the cost. Which is the second problem. Expensive to build and difficult to dispose of, nuclear reactors aren’t profitable. The only reason nuclear power is on the table is global warming. The only way it can be financed is by government subsidy. By the end of this year, the British government must decide how big a subsidy it is prepared to give EDF and Areva; EDF and Areva, in consultation with their main shareholder, the French government, will have to decide whether that’s enough.

But the subsidy won’t come from general taxation. It will come, as wind farm subsidies already do, from British customers’ electricity bills. It’s a stark illustration of the realities of privatising essential services – that what is being sold is not infrastructure, but bill-paying citizens, and what is being privatised is not electricity, but taxation. Effectively the French government is buying the right to tax British electricity customers through their electricity bills; to use British money and British sites to finance a world showcase for unproven French nuclear technology. And because the hidden taxes in electricity bills take no account of people’s ability to pay, the poorer you are, the bigger contribution you make to the programme.

That’s not to say the French people will be winners as a result of the deal (although Hollande has at least acknowledged that in France electricity bills are a form of taxation, and should be adjusted according to income). Given that all the options are expensive and politically charged, the British government might still decide the EPR is too risky and allow extra gas stations to take up the slack, while assuaging the green lobby with continued offshore wind subsidies and promises of esoteric future technologies: tidal power, clean coal, thorium reactors, a European supergrid linking northern windmills and Mediterranean solar farms, a cable feeding green electricity from Iceland. In which case the French people will be on the hook for EDF’s expensive acquisition of British Energy and its existing, worn-out British nukes.

Free marketeers like Littlechild and Lawson might argue that, left to its own devices, the market would never have built nuclear power stations; it would always have gone for the cheapest option. But this is disingenuous. With electricity, the market can never be left alone. Coal might be the cheapest option, but it’s too dirty. Gas might be the cheapest option, but the more the country relies on gas, the more emergency reserves it will have to keep in storage – which the market won’t pay for. Helm’s most devastating point about electricity (and gas) privatisation in Britain is that these are not naturally public industries; nor are they naturally private. ‘It is extraordinary,’ he writes, ‘that anyone could have regarded these as anything other than political industries.’

Electricity privatisation hasn’t been a success in bringing down prices. Most recent figures suggest that British prices are typically right in the middle of the European average – higher than France’s, lower than Germany’s. It has been a failure in terms of British industry and management; the best measure of the scale of folly and betrayal by politicians of both parties is the simple fact that a reliable, badly run British electricity system was destroyed, rather than being reformed, only so that a large part of it could be taken over by a foreign version of the original. And it has been a failure in terms of clarity, in the sense that in order to fund investment, governments that boast about not raising taxes, or of taking low-earners out of the tax bracket, permit predominantly foreign-owned electricity companies to collect flat-rate taxes that hit the poor disproportionately.

*

How to explain the sense in this country that EDF is a manifestation of the French state, and the sense in France that it is and it isn’t – that by expanding abroad it somehow eluded the people who are supposed to own it? ‘EDF is the biggest electricity company in the world but it is still Franco-French,’ Denis Cohen said, expressing the paradox. ‘The strategy of this company, even though it is Franco-French, is to try to get out of France.’

What matters about EDF’s enormous acquisitions in Britain is not that it’s French, but that by crossing the Channel so decisively it has become something that is neither altogether French nor altogether British. It has become one of those transnational entities that uses national jurisdictions as conveniences, in the same way as the wealthy use national jurisdictions as conveniences for tax avoidance. By presenting itself in France as a champion of French national interests, sheltering behind the shield of the French state, while presenting itself in Britain as committed to the global free market and fair competition, it is taking advantage of the fact that the two countries’ governments, electorates and media are separate: the two eyes of supervision are attached to divergent brains, and EDF can exist in a state of institutionalised hypocrisy.

EDF is still the French CEGB, though more technically skilled than its former British counterpart. Tony Cooper, who in the 1990s headed the union representing electricity managers, told me that when EDF took over Britain’s old nuclear power stations in 2008, ‘a lot of people were saying: “Christ, at last we’ve got someone who knows how to run these bloody things.”’ But by lurching into the tax-gathering business overseas EDF has become a hybrid – a French CEGB crossed with a French version of Enron. One long-time observer of the French energy scene described accompanying a group of EDF executives to an Enron trading room at the hubristic height of that company’s success. She was taken aback by the gleam of fascination and envy in the eyes of the énarques as they watched their American counterparts trade gigawatts on the screens.

Just because EDF is beset by Robin Hoods in France and has planted its standard at Cottam, hard by Sherwood Forest, doesn’t make it the Sheriff of Nottingham. And yet there is an echo, in the conduct of the electricity oligopoly, of the popular notion of medieval social injustice that has defined the background to the Robin Hood legend: a country where the symbol of the nation’s best interests, in the form of the king, is far away, and in his absence, a rootless elite that has no concept of duty or service except to itself is busy taxing the poor. It is as if national boundaries are for the little people, the global peasantry who pay their taxes, not for great men and the great transnational corporations they run.

Still, the lights haven’t gone out. At least that’s what an MP told Dieter Helm a few years ago when he was giving evidence in Parliament. People warned there would be blackouts the previous winter, the MP said, and there weren’t. With unusual passion, Helm put him straight. If you define the problem as the lights not going out, he said, you misunderstand everything about the way the new world of electricity markets works. The ideal situation for private electricity firms is one where there is only just enough electricity to go round. Then they can charge as much as they like, and people will have to pay. ‘People think insecurity of supply means will the lights go off or not – but that is not the issue,’ he said. ‘It is what happens just before the lights go off.’

More than twenty years after the great electricity experiment was launched, it can be seen that although it was an act of privatisation – of taxation, principally – it was most significantly an act of alienation, lowering an impenetrable barrier of complexity, commercial secrecy and sheer geographical distance between the controlling interests of electricity companies and the customers they serve. It’s easy to switch suppliers. But behind that barrier citizens and small businesses have no way of knowing that they aren’t being fleeced as egregiously by the cheapest provider as they are by the most expensive. The consumer-peasants of Britain bring their tithes to the locked gates of the great electrical estates and wonder who lives in the big house now, and whether they are at home, or in one of their other estates around the world. No wonder Denis Cohen, old communist, heir to the Communards and the sans-culottes, hates what the company that pays him is doing abroad. ‘I was very surprised to see the British trades unionists were not very opposed to this,’ he said, meaning privatisation and foreign takeover. ‘We, with our culture, would have fought until death to prevent it.’0136834-c02b892dab35f6ad3b4c1f7a85b7e51f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011646 00000000000 015337  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        2016 is the new hottest year on record – how NASA takes the planet’s temperature

NASA announced on Wednesday that in 2016, Earth experienced the hottest surface temperatures in modern history. Separate, independent analysis at NOAA provided the same conclusion. This makes the third year in a row that Earth experienced record high temperatures.

These record years are part of a concerning long-term trend of increasing global temperatures. In fact, 16 of the 17 warmest years on record have occurred since 2001.

“2016 is remarkably the third record year in a row in this series. We don’t expect record years every year, but the ongoing long-term warming trend is clear.” Gavin Schmidt, Goddard Institute for Space Studies Director

So how does NASA take the Earth’s temperature?

Well, for starters, NASA’s Global Temperature video below (which you’ve probably seen shared with any article on climate change) is based on a network of over 6,000 sensors set up on land, sea, and in Antarctica.

The animation above shows higher than average temperatures in red and lower than average temperatures in blue. The map does not show temperatures itself. This is why the poles are much redder than, say, the equator. Multiple research studies have shown that the poles are warming twice as fast as other parts of the planet due to a number of factors including the amplified effect that melting ice caps have on the ability to reflect (rather than absorb) sunlight.

Dr. Gavin Schmidt, the Director of the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies elaborates on this topic telling TechCrunch that, in addition to their vast sensor network, NASA leverages a system of Earth-Observing satellites to get a full picture of the climate.

“We need many additional sources of information to be able to put these changes in context. We use GRACE satellites to track the mass loss from the ice sheets, JASON2/3 to track the sea level rise, CloudSat and Calypso to track shifts in the clouds, TRMM and GPM for the shifts in rainfall, SSMI for sea ice extent etc.” Gavin Schmidt, Goddard Institute for Space Studies Director

It’s also important to note that temperatures in the record-setting years of 2015 and 2016 were intensified by a weather pattern known as El Niño. An El Niño is one of the most well-known climate patterns and occurs every three to seven years. During an El Niño year, a number of things happen. For example, some parts of the world will experience higher than average rainfall while other areas will experience more extreme droughts.

An El Niño also causes temperatures in the Pacific Ocean to rise as high as three to five degrees above average. Because of this, some (including the U.S. House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology) have inaccurately reported that without the El Niño, there would be no cause for concern.

Instead, researchers estimate that the El Niño only increased the annual global temperature in 2016 by 0.2 degrees Fahrenheit. To put that in perspective:

2014 was initially the hottest year on record with average global surface temperatures 1.4 degrees Fahrenheit higher than the late 19 th century average

Fahrenheit higher than the late 19 century average 2015 replace 2014 as the new hottest year on record with average global surface temperatures 1.8 degrees Fahrenheit higher than the late 19 th century average

Fahrenheit higher than the late 19 century average 2016 is now the hottest year on record with average global surface temperatures 2 degrees Fahrenheit higher than the late 19th century average

So, even without the 0.2 degree Fahrenheit contribution from El Niño, 2016 would still be among the top three hottest years in recorded history.

“Phenomena such as El Niño or La Niña, which warm or cool the upper tropical Pacific Ocean and cause corresponding variations in global wind and weather patterns, contribute to short-term variations in global average temperature.” NASA Press Office

This news comes just days before the new President takes office – an administration with a reputation for downplaying the effects of climate change (or ignoring its existence entirely).

The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 6, 2012

In an Op-Ed for Space News, Donald Trump’s senior advisers Bob Walker and Peter Navarro wrote that “NASA should be focused primarily on deep space activities rather than Earth-centric work.” Their belief is that climate science should be handled by other agencies.

In a separate interview for The Guardian, Mr. Walker explained that President-Elect Trump is set to eliminate all climate change research conducted by NASA in an effort to crack down on “politicized science.”

As the Earth continues to warm and a new administration takes office, many will be watching out for policy changes that could affect our ability to monitor the planet’s climate altogether.                                                                                          0136818-a064ffca39be9e72adde651605b4120f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002163 00000000000 015250  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        2 city cops fired in connection with assault on paraplegic in February

YOUNGSTOWN — Police Chief Jimmy Hughes has fired two officers involved in a Feb. 27 incident in which a paraplegic complained he was dragged out of a sport utility vehicle, assaulted by a police officer and left lying face down in the snow.

The chief announced today the terminations of Officer Robert Jolliff, the alleged assailant, and Officer Jay Fletcher, who allegedly failed to react properly as events unfolded at the scene.

Jolliff “was terminated because of the allegations of excessive force and conduct unbecoming an officer,” Hughes said. The chief added he believes Jolliff was not truthful in his comments during the internal affairs investigation.

Jolliff had prior complaints and some prior discipline in his personnel file, but his termination was almost entirely due to the Feb. 27 incident, Hughes said.

Fletcher was fired because of the combination of the Feb. 27 incident and prior discipline in his file, the chief said.

Jolliff and Fletcher may appeal their termination.

For the complete story, see Friday's Vindicator and Vindy.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0136667-aab4461efe2f6870f970bb9609ab3158.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002437 00000000000 015133  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        RESUMEN Super Smash Bros Ultimate Nintendo Switch

Super Smash Bros. Ultimate Nintendo Switch



Luchadores y mundos de juego míticos colisionan en el enfrentamiento definitivo: ¡una nueva entrada de la serie Super Smash Bros. para Nintendo Switch!



Nuevos luchadores, como los inklings de la serie Splatoon y Ridley de la serie Metroid, hacen su debut en Super Smash Bros. junto a todos los personajes de las entregas anteriores. ¡Todos!



Un combate más ágil, nuevos objetos, nuevos ataques, nuevas opciones defensivas y otras muchas sorpresas mantendrán la batalla al rojo vivo cuando y donde quieras.



Características



· Nuevos luchadores, nuevos escenarios… ¡y todos los personajes de las entregas anteriores! ¡Todos!

· Se unen al plantel los inklings de la serie Splatoon.

Ridley de la serie Metroid también se apunta al combate.

· Entre los luchadores que vuelven destacan Wolf, Ice Climbers y el Entrenador Pokémon.

· Eleva la experiencia Super Smash Bros. a cotas antes inalcanzadas con un combate más ágil, nuevos ataques, nuevos objetos y nuevas opciones defensivas.

· Enfréntate en un Todos contra todos para 4 jugadores o eleva esa cifra con el Smash para 8.

· Todas las figuras amiibo de la colección Super Mario Bros. (a la venta por separado) son compatibles.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0136822-8b9db90294618efc803169004f6238c6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007033 00000000000 014632  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        State senator also feeding at federal trough to tune of $161K per year

Sen. Doug Ericksen, R-Ferndale, left, defender and advocate for the...

State Sen. Doug Ericksen, R-Ferndale, is being paid at an annual rate of $161,900 for what he has insisted is a temporary posting as part of the Trump transition team making deep cuts in the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.

Ericksen is working 30-40 hours a week at his Washington, D.C., job, according to pay stubs obtained by Oregon Public Broadcasting under the Freedom of Information Act.

The documents show that Ericksen was paid $11,434 between Jan. 22, 2017 and Feb. 18. He told OPB that he was "still not really aware, to be honest with you," how much he is being paid.

The Whatcom County lawmaker, who co-chaired Trump's campaign in Washington state, has insisted he can do his $45,474-a-year job in the Washington State Legislature as well as his Washington, D.C., posting at the EPA.

Ericksen has said he would forego the $120 per diem in expenses paid to members while the Legislature is in session. But records suggest he has taken the money when in Olympia.

Ericksen is chairman of the Senate Energy and Environment Committee in the Legislature. He has insisted that he has kept up, by using the internet, with the panel's work. The committee's vice chair is state Sen. Tim Sheldon, a Democrat from Potlach who votes with Republicans and gives the GOP control of the Legislature's upper chamber.

Ericksen did bring a climate change denier to testify at a recent Senate hearing in Olympia. He decried as "hatchet jobs" critical news reports.

He has been dubbed "double-dipping Doug" by critics in his 42nd District. They have posted critical comments on his Facebook page, only to have the remarks deleted. Ericksen has blocked a number of his critics.

Ericksen is rumored to be a finalist for the post of Region X director of the EPA, which includes the Northwest and Alaska.

He has been a defender and advocate of railroads as well as the two oil refineries in his district. He also has been a vociferous critic of Gov. Jay Inslee's environmental agenda, notably the governor's proposal to make the state's major polluters pay for their carbon emissions.

Ericksen appeared with Trump at a rally last May at the Northwest Washington Fairgrounds in Lynden. The other state co-chair, former state Sen. Don Benton of Vancouver, is in a more senior position as the EPA transition team's liaison with the White House.

The news on Ericksen's pay came on a day of bad news for the EPA.

The Trump administration is proposing to cut $2.6 billion, or 31 percent, from the agency's current budget of $8.2 billion. The $5.7 billion budget, adjusted for inflation, would be the lowest since the Environmental Protection Agency was created under President Nixon in 1970.

The cut is among the deepest of any federal agency.

In the Pacific Northwest, EPA money has helped coastal cities build sewage treatment plants. It recently delivered a detailed, critical analysis on impacts of a giant proposed mine between two prime spawning streams for the giant salmon fishery of Alaska's Bristol Bay.

Washington has four members on the Senate and House Appropriations Committees, which will decide whether to go along with the deep cuts proposed by Trump.

Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., is a senior Democratic member on the Senate Appropriations Committee.

Two Republican lawmakers, U.S. Reps. Jaime Herrera Beutler and Dan Newhouse, R-Wash., are members of the House Appropriations Committee. Rep. Derek Kilmer, D-Wash., also sits on House Appropriations.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136613-e06a11d03419605ff7756d88da414e47.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013140 00000000000 014672  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A thoughtful reader commented on the “Racism in the Book of Mormon” post about a presentation which has been given by a group of Black LDS men which gives a whole new way to look at the Book of Mormon to demonstrate that what people think are racist aspects in the scripture are not in fact racist. I reviewed their presentation and this post is my response. It takes the form of a conversation you might see take place between someone who subscribes completely to this new way of looking at the Book of Mormon and a member of the younger generation who is investigating the church with a socially conscious and analytical mindset. Flip through this presentation to follow along. Highlighted words can be clicked to go to appropriate references.

The Conversation

Direct Link

Why these rationalizations are wrong

Members of the church will see what is taught in these firesides as a great service – they are expunging the stain of racism from their hallowed scriptures. Outsiders who have no reason to hold the church, its leaders or scriptures as divinely inspired will see these efforts as ludicrous linguistic acrobatics. To illustrate what I mean – lets consider a cartoon that was recently put on auction. It is an illustration drawn by the beloved children’s author and illustrator Dr. Seuss. you can see it here:

If you examine the last frame, you can see the the highly revered Dr. Seuss was guilty of creating a horrendously offensive, ignorant and racist illustration:

There are so many terrible things wrong with this illustration, starting with the stereotypical blackface depiction of black men, the use of a highly offensive racial epithet and the trivialization of human life by including these men as the punch line of a highly offensive idiom.

Now imagine that parents who believed it impossible for Dr. Seuss to have ever held this despicable worldview about fellow humans tried to make an argument, similar to the ones above, in order to defend Seuss.

“The blackface caricature was just a metaphor for the struggles of the black man! We know that black men don’t really look like that so we can’t imagine that Dr. Suess was trying to convey that.”

“The epithet here is really just an abbreviated form of the word ‘niggardly’ which means someone who is stingy with money – since many black men were not financially well to do, this cartoon simply depicts the difficult fiscal state of the black man in early 20th century!”

“The idiom about someone in your woodpile is an allusion to concealing escaped slaves who were trying to reach freedom through the underground railroad. This cartoon actually honors the memory of abolitionists who help freedom loving black men and women escape the bonds of slavery!”

“Dr. Suess’ books about equality such as “The Sneeches” and “Horton Hears a Who” show that he was not racist. As such, there is no way that this cartoon he drew is really racist and these other explanations demonstrate that it is not!”

It is safe to say that nobody would take such arguments seriously. They are clearly ridiculous attempts to protect the reputation of Dr. Suess at the expense of reasonable standards of logic and reality. Outsiders who see the above arguments about the Book of Mormon would see it in much the same light.

The hurtful aspect of such arguments is that they have the effect of minimizing or denying the reality of the racist ideas and language that did in fact exist and adversely impacted the lives of men and women at the time. It is akin to denying that the holocaust existed, and attributing the stories of what took place in the concentration camps to idiom and metaphor. It is a grave insult to the people who experienced it at the time and diminishes the warning message of those historical accounts.

To the extent that that these rationalizations take pressure off the church leadership to make a full and undiluted acknowledgement and apology to black members these ill-conceived arguments actually hurt the church by preventing the full measure of healing and reconciliation that such an apology would bring.

Appendix

Here is the Presentation

Here are the basic points made in the presentation and direct links to where they are discussed:

Humans were not divided by race in terms of “black” and “white” skin color until a German physician named Johan Blumenbach wrote a thesis on it in 1775. (10:54)

There is no such thing as race – the various changes of skin color are a manifestation of God’s love for man – not a punitive curse. (14:25)

Certain words in the Book of Mormon imprecisely convey their original meaning from “reformed Egyptian”. These are called ‘idioms’. When we read them, what they mean to us is not what they were originally supposed to mean. (4:47)

The term “skin” in the scriptures refers to the “spirit” of a man – not to his cutaneous outer surface. (28:42)

The term “curse” refers to the separation from God, His path or ways which men bring upon themselves when they sin – not an unjust arbitrary divine punishment. (21:19)

Several revelations indicate that the Priesthood should be inclusive of all men. (39:58)

Changes to footnote and headers of the Book of Mormon made in recent decades demonstrate the proof of all the foregoing points. (31:31)

The terms “black and white” refer to gloominess or righteousness – not to skin color. (23:39)

When we face challenging issues such as racism in the scriptures we experience cognitive dissonance. Each of us resolves this one way or another and then we don’t accept any evidence that would disprove our conclusion. (8:46)

Prophets are not expected to be perfect (18:48)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136810-76c1ed9a7d26fd83ca835b800fc6399b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000040260 00000000000 015207  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        For the worst country in the world, Liberia looks lush. All along the long road to Fish Town, the sumptuous rainforest on either side is a comfort, a green bath to soothe the dreadful red dust that is constant and the potholes that cause nose-bleeds, head-bumps and nausea even in this well-cushioned Toyota Land Cruiser belonging to WaterAid. We are scrunched into this car for days, because that's how long it takes to get to Fish Town, only a few hours from Liberia's capital Monrovia if you're a crow, but 36 hours otherwise, because the country has only one decent main road.

To get there, we must loop north, brushing the border with Guinea, before swooping back down to a town that isn't much of a town, the joke goes, and doesn't have much fish. But it's busy these days because NGO 4x4s such as ours are zooming through on their way to help refugees escaping from Ivory Coast, the latest poor sods in this region to be kicked out of their country by war.

We, though, are not zooming towards refugees but towards something far less newsworthy. It is my sixth visit to Liberia. The first was in 2004, six months into the country's first peace in 20 years. Liberia had suffered years of stunningly brutal civil wars, orchestrated largely by Charles Taylor, now on trial in the Hague for war crimes (a man who once sued a journalist for saying he had eaten a human heart, and lost); and by other warlords with names such as General Butt Naked, General Peanut Butter and Devil. And this war's stories were more horrific than most: mass rape; boy soldiers kept going by drugs, looting and raping; parents killed by their own boys; checkpoints made from intestines. Imagine the worst and, if you looked, you'd find it here doubled.

By 2003, when the Economist called Liberia the worst country in the world, it was wrecked. Yet it hadn't always been that way. Founded by freed American slaves in the 19th century, Liberia had had good times. Its ex-slave colonists built graceful mansions, installed themselves as rulers over local tribes and instituted a Liberian English that still has the infectious drawl of the American South. They named their capital after US president James Monroe; they called their currency the dollar; they let the US use them as a listening station in the second world war. Liberians – flying a US-lite flag of stripes and one star – thought they lived in the 51st state, or "Bitty America". But it was a one-way relationship: during battles so terrible that they were called world wars I, II and III, a US warship holding 2,000 marines anchored itself on the horizon and did nothing to help. Only when rebels attacked Monrovia was Taylor persuaded to leave and a UN force brought in.

The receding war left ugly tides. At least 70% of women raped. Nearly the entire population refugees of one sort or another. A huge brain drain. No functioning electricity grid. A decimated healthcare system. And, thanks to the plundering Taylor, a national debt of $4.9bn. In 2004, when I first visited, all Liberia seemed to have was 9,000 UN peacekeepers and some cautious hope.

But the world's worst country has been busy. In 2006, it elected Ellen Johnson Sirleaf to be its president. A Harvard-trained former World Bank economist, Sirleaf is Africa's first female head of state, Ma Ellen to three million or so Liberians and a president with a dizzying to-do list. Eighty-five per cent of Liberians have less than a dollar a day to spend. A dollar goes further in Liberia, but not that far, when rice costs $45 a bag. You can always find a decent Club Beer in Monrovia, but you won't find a post office, electricity grid, sewage treatment, taxes or decent road system. One suburb of the capital is called Red Light, because it used to have a traffic light. It doesn't any more.

How do you fix a ruined country? Start with the money. If you can, get that $4.9bn of debt forgiven. Increase the national budget from $80m a year to $360m. Then figure out how to earn more. Open for business and sell everything you can: oil, gas and mineral rights; timber concessions. Open your ports and improve your roads for all the mining and logging equipment to trundle down. Talk about developing tourism. Invite the Chinese, so that after hours on a road to the remotest part of the country, you'll find young Chinese lads taking a break from building bridges to take each other's photograph, as well as new universities and hospitals with suspiciously Chinese-looking roofs.

All that is basic nation-building. But there is also something that's not on most nation-building lists. Liberians elected a woman who understood that something basic could save millions of dollars, something most people don't want to talk about. Most people, but not Ma Ellen, the only serving head of state to have written in a major newspaper about the need for toilets. That's right. Toilets. Because of that, I request an interview with her; and because I am here with WaterAid and have written a book about toilets, she grants it.

We meet in the foreign ministry, where the president moved after the executive mansion caught fire. Ma Ellen's personal guards, female Indian peacekeepers, stand at the gate like statues. (Someone tells me he saw them beat up rioters one day, then go to church in their saris the next, "looking so sweet and lovely".) Monrovia's mayor is also a woman, as is the director of the port, a crucial position. Sometimes I feel as if I've landed in a Patricia Cornwell novel, where all positions of authority are held by women. It's great.

In her spacious office, impeccably dressed in her trademark African cloths and turban, the president is warm and gracious, despite a stern reputation. I have been warned to stick to the agreed topic of sanitation. Stray off it – to accusations of endemic corruption, nepotism and human rights issues, for example – "and you will see her change in an instant", a Liberian friend tells me.

Most Liberians have grown up in the countryside, where the idea of a bush toilet is second nature. But their proximity to water supplies and homes can prove deadly. Photograph: Aubrey Wade for the Guardian

Sirleaf took a while to understand the place of good sanitation. Like countless Liberians, she grew up on the family farm, where the only toilet was the bush. "It came naturally," she says, when I double-check that the president has just admitted to open defecation – or, as Liberians say, doing poo-poo in the bush. "That was what it was."

Like the six out of seven Liberians who still do the same thing, or the 2.6 billion worldwide who have no toilet, Sirleaf didn't see what was wrong with it. All that forest: what harm can a little poo-poo do? Now she knows better. She knows that diarrhoea – caused largely by people ingesting water or food contaminated by human waste – kills more children worldwide than HIV/Aids, tuberculosis and malaria combined. She knows that even the greenest, widest forest can't prevent faecal particles being tramped into a village on feet and flies and fingers, to be dipped into food and water, to become diarrhoea, dysentery or cholera. She knows, as an economist should, that good sanitation could reap millions of dollars a year in savings. India, where two-thirds of the population are toiletless, loses $58bn a year in wages and medical bills to the 50 diseases that can travel in human excrement. Half the hospital beds in sub-Saharan Africa are filled with people suffering the consequences of bad sanitation. But, of course, the president sees endless statistics. Only when she looked into why so many Liberian women were dying in childbirth, and why children were dying of something as banal as the squits, did she realise "there is a relationship with water and sanitation. I needed to understand why that was so, and partly it's because people don't have access to clean water. That was an eye-opener for us."

Ma Ellen is amazing, but she is a politician. She is fluent in euphemism. When she says "clean water", she really means "water without human excrement in it". That's what "clean water" means, because that is what dirty water is dirtied with.

At the end of a long, red road, a bone-shaking hour's ride from Fish Town, we arrive at Jaytoken, an ordinary village like thousands of others, with huts grouped around a green football pitch and surrounded by that ever-so-green forest. Women do chores; men are at the farm or the illicit gold-mine nearby. The closest clinic is a four-hour walk away. The road is so bad only motorbikes or 4x4s can negotiate it in the dry season; hardly anything can pass in the rains. People walk and walk and walk. The only fat bellies here are the ones filled with worms. Why? Because of the creek.

The creek is everything. It carried dead bodies in times of war. It still carries animal carcasses. Boas swim in it. It carries the excrement of upstream villagers who use it as a toilet. It provides drinking and washing water. And it brings death – it is the water into which hopeful mothers with diarrhoea-afflicted children mix oral rehydration salts, dispensed for free by that clinic four hours away, without boiling it. I don't know why they do that – they have had countless hygiene lessons.

Rev Charles Saylee and his wife Dorris, whose infant daughter died after a bout of diarrhoea. She took three days to die from what, in the western world, is considered a relatively harmless stomach bug. Photograph: Aubrey Wade for the Guardian

They tell me their dirty water causes "running stomach" and that running stomach sometimes causes death, such as that of Marie Saylee, nine months old, who got sick last November. I ask her father, Pastor Saylee, why she wasn't taken to the clinic. There was no time, he says. He goes to fetch the country medicine he would have given her, had she been older. It is a leaf called wudirrubu, or "goat-eat leaf", because goats eat it. You pound it, mix it with creek water – again, unboiled – and drink it. Marie's mother gave her pepper soup, coconut milk, clean water from the hand-pump. Nothing worked. Marie took three days to die from something most of us consider a stomach bug.

The people of Jaytoken, like people in countless other villages, knew that creek water was deadly water. And still they didn't boil it. They had soap for sale cheaply in the local shop, along with affordable water-purification sachets, but nobody bought them. They could build their own houses; they crafted chairs and lovely bamboo window shutters – but they would not build latrines. Like the president, going for poo-poo 60 years ago, they didn't see the necessity. They had other things to think about, such as not having a decent road or clinic or money. Sanitation was a luxury. So along came WaterAid, trying to reshuffle those needs into a list that puts sanitation near the top. Jaytoken's green fields are atop rock, so they brought rock-breaking equipment to sink water pumps. But the villagers kept going to the goal-pole latrine in the bush – so-called because it is formed of a perch that looks like a goal – so WaterAid brought in a Liberian NGO to perform a process known as community-led total sanitation (CLTS). That jargon hides a fascinating concept: that people are stubborn and so must be shocked out of their wrong behaviour. The NGO does this with tricks. By dipping a hair they say has been dipped in shit into a glass of water and then asking people to drink it. No? How is that different from the water they drink every day? Or by putting food next to a piece of excrement and watching the flies jump from one to the other. Are they different flies? No? By that point, the penny is supposed to have dropped. "The basic assumption," says the CLTS handbook, "is that no one can remain unmoved once they have learned that they are ingesting other people's shit."

Liberians don't use that word. "Poo-poo" is bad enough. But not bad enough for the president to be shy about it when I ask what language she uses to talk about sanitation. "I say poo-poo," she says. "Of course. If you tell people 'defecate', they won't understand."

CLTS is wildly popular in the world of poo-poo activists. It has been hugely successful in many parts of the world. When it works, it works dramatically. People rush off to build latrines, then they clean up the rest of their villages. They are encouraged with prizes and – in India – awards handed out by the president and covered on national TV. WaterAid is one of dozens of NGOs currently using the technique.

But it doesn't always work. The trouble with sanitation is that it involves human nature. People don't usually respond well to health messages or nagging – many doctors smoke when they know they shouldn't, for example. At Jaytoken school, the blackboards are covered with appropriate hygiene messages, written especially for our visit. A young woman named Grace puts up her hand when I ask if anyone has ever been bitten by a snake while going to the latrine. She is a 24-year-old in a primary school, because her school years were swallowed by war. She was bitten by a snake because the school was built by a Liberian charity that gave up before providing toilets. Snake bites are one risk; sexual assault is another. None of the women of Jaytoken admits to being raped, but it is endemic, and using latrines in the bush leaves them vulnerable. Water may be life, goes the slogan, but a decent toilet is dignity.

Villagers in Nyonken, Liberia, collect water from the river for cooking, washing and drinking, even though they know human waste from villages upstream may have contaminated it. Photograph: Aubrey Wade for the Guardian

Dignity doesn't get the attention that clean water does, though. The people of Jaytoken and nearby Nyonken – a three-hour walk away – are proud of the new pumps provided by WaterAid. But, like seven out of 10 other Liberians, they still haven't built latrines. Far too many NGOs rush to provide a clean water supply without bothering to install sanitation along with it. If there is a better method for polluting a clean water supply than having little fingers covered with faecal particles, I don't know what it is.

I ask the president about this disparity. Sanitation makes economic sense, after all. CLTS, for example, is cheap – no expensive concrete latrines, no sewerage systems, just some clever persuaders changing people's hearts and minds.

"The problem is," she answers, "these public services don't have a high profile. People want to see their footprint – a building that everyone can see, or a road. No one pays attention to the three-room latrine in the back yard. There has to be a whole change of consciousness."

And not only by donors. In the welcome meetings, villager after villager stands up with a petition. Thank you for the water, they say, but give us more. Give us roads. Give us a clinic. They don't ask for latrines. A man from the ministry of works expresses what I'm thinking: "You can build your houses. Why don't you build latrines? If a hinge falls off a door, will you expect an NGO to come and fix it?"

The president would be unimpressed, but unsurprised. "People say they want health clinics," she says, "but they don't ask for sanitation. They say their children get malaria or dysentery, but they don't ask for sanitation. We have to bring to their consciousness that sanitation is linked to health."

On the way back to Monrovia, with the roof of the truck now holding a live chicken that the villagers of Nyonken gave us to honour us (and which ends up in a pot in a Fish Town restaurant), we pass more 4x4s zooming towards the border and the refugees. I feel frustrated. In Monrovia, ministers and NGOs hold a weekly crisis meeting about refugees, but not about the 18% of Liberians who die because they have no toilets or clean water.

Towards the end of our interview, I ask the president why that is. We had followed in her footsteps to Fish Town because she had also gone to see the state of the Ivorian refugees, most of them welcomed by Liberians who had to think back only a few years to a time when they were themselves refugees. Ma Ellen is too polite to shrug, but her words do. "The humanitarian system responds to these things that get sensational," she says. "They want to be seen as responsive. The ordinary village, that no one is taking care of, that doesn't come to mind." And with that she takes her leave, to get back to the job of fixing her country, one latrine at a time.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136813-aacc541f7f5659646cc61fa81efcc90a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007427 00000000000 015350  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A Muslim woman was strangled when her hijab got caught in the conveyor of a bakery in Toronto where she worked. The employer was fined $300,000. Yet if he had refused to hire her because she wore the leading symbol of Muslim oppression of women, he would have been sued for a lot more by designated terrorist group CAIR’s army of litigation jihadists.

PointdeBascule (h/t Marvin W) The death of a Muslim employee, Amina Diaby The death of a Muslim employee,, in an industrial accident in Toronto and the fine of her employer for negligence will give other reasons for employers to rethink twice before hiring Muslim women. wear the hijab.

The $ 300,000 fine was imposed on Fiera Foods after the Ontario Ministry of Labor ruled that the employer ” f ailed to ensure that any worker who was near an entanglement source had fixed his clothes And what would have happened if this employer had discriminated against this veiled Muslim woman by forcing her (she and not the other employees) to wear a lab coat preventively and she complained about discrimination with the Human Rights Commission?

Perhaps the employer would have won, but the goal of an employer is not to dedicate significant resources to win avoidable court cases but to do everything possible to avoid being confronted with such situations.

Why would an employer take the risk of hiring an employee who wears the hijab near machines that could hurt her (or worse, kill her) or risk her pursuing it because it preemptively and discriminates against her wearing a hijab? a coat that covers his hijab when he has the option to avoid both risks by hiring unveiled and non-Muslim women?

In 2016, Radio-Canada reported that 48% of Muslim women wear the hijab in Canada (38% in 2006)

This is a large contingent of potential candidates whose applications will be systematically rejected by several employers first because they fear being confronted with requests for religious accommodation, and then for reasons of safety at work, such as that highlighted in this bakery in Toronto.

The bad faith of the Islamists in these matters is without limit. In 2010, a young Muslim woman died in Australia when her headscarf was caught in the go-kart wheel she was driving. A woman was injured in Quebec in the same circumstances.

However, when a California amusement park wanted to prohibit its customers from wearing the hijab to avoid accidents of this kind, designated terrorist group CAIR Islamist lobby filed lawsuits to counter the company’s move in the name of the fight against discrimination. went after In 2010, a Muslim woman evenan amusement park in the Netherlands after getting injured after her hijab got caught in the wheel of her go-cart.

Just a few examples of accidents caused by hijabs:

From Telegraaf (April 8th, 2010): NETHERLANDS Muslim woman pursues amusement park after her hijab gets caught in the wheel of her go-cart

Glenda Kwek (The Sydney Morning Herald – April 9, 2010): AUSTRALIA – Young mother dies when her hijab gets caught up in the go-kart wheel she drives

PR Newswire (April 28, 2014): CAIR Islamist lobby sues California amusement park for hijab

Hugo Gye (Daily Mail – October 12, 2013): GREAT BRITAIN – A woman dies when her hijab catches fire as she cooks on a gas stove (According to the article, it was the fourth time the hijab of the woman caught fire while she was cooking

MONTREAL – A woman [Naima Rharouity] dies strangled when her hijab is caught in the mechanism of a metro escalator

Dailymotion: VIDÉO Motorcycle accident caused when the passenger’s hijab got caught in the wheel

Radio-Canada (July 9, 2017): GATINEAU – A young woman was rushed to hospital after her hijab got stuck in the wheel of her go-kart

Radio-Canada (September 14, 2017): TORONTO – Death of a worker whose hijab was caught in the conveyor of a bakery                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136788-722373694f8a170f45483474e95d248e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020764 00000000000 014525  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        1. No one ever really dies in the SEC East.

Had none of us ever watched a Georgia-South Carolina game before? Did we not know that nothing in that series ever makes sense? Of course the team that got destroyed in Week 1 outlasted the team that had entered College Football Playoff projections all over, including ours.

The Gamecocks literally won by inches, 38-35 -- no, far less distance than that. But they showed their young secondary can hold up against passing attacks less explosive than Texas A&M's (which is almost all of them), that Dylan Thompson is still a good-enough quarterback (271 yards, three touchdowns, and one pick), and that their hyped offensive line is still a force (the Dawgs managed just one sack after notching five against Clemson). Carolina met its kryptonite in Week 1, but right now must be considered a co-favorite for Atlanta.

The other is Missouri, the current SEC East belt-holder. The Tigers' defensive front is up to Missouri standards, and that's saying a lot. Maty Mauk has Mizzou's customary wide range of weaponry, with three receivers already combining for 11 touchdowns. The Tigers travel on Sept. 27 to South Carolina, which ended Mizzou's run to perfection last season, and that could be the division's biggest game going forward.

And, in case we're still neglecting the lessons of the UGA-Carolina series, let's remember this is actually a good omen for the Dawgs' SEC Championship chances: the loser of the Dawgs-Cocks game has finished ahead of the winner in the standings three years running.

And, in case we're really not in tune with the crazy yet:

An important reminder that math is an artifice created by man. pic.twitter.com/qqQcRe4kof — Ryan Nanni (@celebrityhottub) September 14, 2014

2. The Pac-12 South: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Matthew Emmons, USA Today

UCLA, a preseason College Football Playoff pick by many, is somehow both 3-0 and looking shakier by the week, in different ways each time. "The offense didn't make the trip to Virginia two weeks ago, and against Memphis last week, it seemed as if the defense hadn't made the trip home," Bill Connelly wrote last week, and now quarterback Brett Hundley's injured following a grimy, 20-17 win against Texas.

He should return, and the Bruins appear to have a capable backup (Rick Neuheisel's son!), but it's amazing to think this team is favored to arrive at any particular end out of 1,000 possible ones. A win at Arizona State after a bye would soothe concerns.

A week after lucking out a win at Stanford, USC got smashed to paste on the ground at Boston College, a team that lost to Pitt a week prior, spoiling Playoff chances for both the Trojans and the Cardinal. And now the hard part of USC's schedule begins, including Notre Dame in the out-of-conference.

ASU has excelled against nothing in particular, but has a major worry in injured quarterback Taylor Kelly. Arizona's defense remains a friend to the late-night viewer and to the television network alike, reliably turning should-be blowouts into fourth-quarter drama. Colorado is still the Colorado of recent years, with signs of life.

And then there's Utah, which blasted its two weak opponents so far, Idaho State and Fresno State, by a combined 115-41. The Utes were far better than their 5-7 record last year, and could be combining both a classic Kyle Whittingham defensive front (a nation-leading 21 tackles for loss entering the weekend) and a balanced offense led by quarterback Travis Wilson. If Wilson can cut down on his prized erraticism (so far, so good -- he was one of only four quarterbacks with six or more touchdowns and no interceptions through two weeks), the Utes will make a run. Next up are Michigan and Washington State, and wins against that spastic duo would probably teach us ... not a whole lot.

The Pac-12 South could use a strong Utah, if it can get one. Otherwise, Oregon could just run away with this conference.

3. 59 teams are now chasing East Carolina.

Jeremy Brevard, USA Today

That's how many other teams are in the American, Conference USA, MAC, Mountain West, and Sun Belt. Those teams all compete for the non-power conferences' designated spot among the marquee post-BCS bowls. And right now, one team has the inside track.

The East Carolina Pirates went into Blacksburg Saturday and took care of a No. 17 Virginia Tech team that was fresh off a road victory over Ohio State, putting up over 500 yards of offense on the Hokies in the 28-21 win. It took a frantic comeback for Tech to get that close in the first place -- East Carolina led 21-0, and the Hokies tied the game with just 80 seconds to play. Pirates quarterback Shane Carden (427 yards, four total touchdowns in the game) ran it in from one yard out with 16 seconds to play, giving ECU the huge victory and moving them to 2-1 on the season.

Carden's one of the most productive quarterbacks in the country (43 total touchdowns last year, already eight this season) and he has a pair of talented targets in Cam Worthy (11 receptions, 302 yards) and Justin Hardy (23 receptions, 267 yards). The running game is strong, as well. The Pirates still pass the ball a whole lot more, but Breon Allen (7.9 yards per carry), Marquez Grayson (10.2), Chris Hairston (7.6) and Anthony Scott (5.8) have all performed in that rotation this season.

East Carolina lost to South Carolina 33-23 in Week 2, but that loss is looking a whole lot better after the Gamecocks' victory over Georgia. Many of the other preseason non-AQ frontrunners have already suffered worse losses: Louisiana-Lafayette, UTSA, UCF, and Fresno State have each lost multiple games in a row, while Boise State, Bowling Green, and Utah State were all blown out in Week 1.

There are other non-AQ schools still lurking near ECU, such as Northern Illinois, Marshall, and Cincinnati, but none has a win nearly as impressive as the Pirates' victory Saturday.

NIU's best win is at Northwestern, and if it can add a win against an Arkansas team that just demolished Texas Tech, ECU will have strong competition. The Thundering Herd are 3-0 with blowout victories over Miami (Ohio), Rhode Island, and Ohio, but can likely count 2-1 Middle Tennessee State, 0-2 Rice and 2-1 UAB as their toughest remaining games on the schedule. The Bearcats did not open the season until this past Friday, cruising to a 58-34 victory against Toledo. They'll have some tougher tests before the year is out: they travel to Ohio State September 27 and host East Carolina November 13 in a game that could decide which non-AQ team goes to a major bowl.

Scores

No. 2 Oregon 48, Wyoming 14 (recap)

No. 3 Alabama 52, Southern Miss 12

No. 4 Oklahoma 34, Tennessee 10 (recap)

No. 24 South Carolina 38, No. 6 Georgia 35 (recap)

No. 7 Texas A&M 38, Rice 10 (post-game thoughts)

Boston College 37, No. 9 USC 31 (recap)

No. 10 LSU 31, ULM 0 (first impressions)

No. 11 Notre Dame 30, Purdue 14 (recap)

No. 12 UCLA 20, Texas 17 (recap)

No. 14 Ole Miss 56, Louisiana-Lafayette 15 (recap)

No. 15 Stanford 35, Army 0 (recap)

No. 16 Arizona State 38, Colorado 24 (recap)

East Carolina 28, No. 17 Virginia Tech 21 (recap)

Virginia 23, No. 21 Louisville 21 (recap)

No. 20 Missouri 38, UCF 10 (recap)

No. 22 Ohio State 66, Kent State 0 (recap)

Abilene Christian 38, Troy 35

Air Force 48, Georgia State 38 (recap)

Arizona 35, Nevada 28 (recap)

Arkansas 49, Texas Tech 28 (recap)

Boise State 38, UConn 21 (recap)

Bowling Green 45, Indiana 42 (recap)

Colorado State 49, UC Davis 21 (recap)

Duke 41, Kansas 3 (recap)

Florida 36, Kentucky 30 (3OT) (recap)

Florida Atlantic 50, Tulsa 21 (recap)

Georgia Tech 42, Georgia Southern 38 (recap)

Hawaii 27, Northern Iowa 24 (recap)

Indiana State 27, Ball State 20 (recap)

Iowa State 20, Iowa 17 (recap)

Marshall 44, Ohio 14 (recap)

Miami 41, Arkansas State 20 (recap)

Michigan 34, Miami (Ohio) 10 (recap)

Middle Tennessee State 50, Western Kentucky 47 (3OT)

Mississippi State 35, South Alabama 3 (reaction)

Navy 35, Texas State 21 (recap)

Nebraska 55, Fresno State 19 (recap)

NC State 49, USF 17 (recap)

Northern Illinois 48, UNLV 34 (recap)

Oklahoma State 43, UTSA 13 (recap)

Old Dominion 17, Eastern Michigan 3 (recap)

Penn State 13, Rutgers 10 (heartbreak)

Pittsburgh 42, Florida International 25 (recap)

Syracuse 40, Central Michigan 3 (recap)

TCU 30, Minnesota 7 (reaction)

Tulane 35, Southeastern Louisiana 20

UAB 41, Alabama A&M 14

Utah State 36, Wake Forest 24 (recap)

UTEP 42, New Mexico State 24 (recap)

Vanderbilt 34, UMass 31 (recap)

Washington 44, Illinois 19 (reaction)

Washington State 59, Portland State 21 (recap)

West Virginia 40, Maryland 37 (recap)

Western Michigan 45, Idaho 33 (recap)            0136826-12e6ae509d6b7bf2e764f49d9246c2ce.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002713 00000000000 015215  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Battlefield 4 has looked very impressive so far. But you need some serious hardware to play it.

With only a fortnight until Battlefield 4 releases, it was inevitable that DICE and EA would bring the open beta to a close sooner or later. Nevertheless, gamers have racked up thousands of hours of game-time, helping the developers to iron out some of the more frustrating issues.

DICE published a changelog recently outlining some problems that the open beta allowed them to fix. According to the post on the official Battlefield 4 blog, the developers were able to correct bizarre CPU usage spikes, frame rate jitters, players from being catapulted into the air by elevators, and issues with the server browser for consoles.

As expected a string of balance changes were introduced too, one of the most notable being a fix to the fire rate of the AK-12 while in burst fire; the gun was already favoured by many for its low rate of recoil, but the fire rate in burst mode made the gun an excessively formidable powerhouse in the eyes of many.

Balances and tweaks aside, there was plenty of opportunities for some great moments and gamers have been filling up YouTube with their exploits.





Battlefield 4 will be playable on the PC, Xbox 360 and PS3 from October 31, and will become available on the Xbox One and PS4 from November 22 and November 29 respectively.

Alex Walker is the regular gaming columnist for ABC Tech + Games. You can follow him on Twitter at @thedippaeffect.                                                     0136819-5592f6da6359f002c076cc4b52e294e6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004125 00000000000 014767  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        

Danny Espinosa has more competition for the Nationals’ backup infielder spot. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)

The Nationals reunited with veteran infielder Jamey Carroll, agreeing to terms with the former National on a minor league contract with an invitation to spring training, where he will have “a really good chance of making the team,” a person familiar with the situation said. The deal will include incentives, which are still being worked out.

Team officials have said all winter they plan on Danny Espinosa to be their utility infielder. Carroll provides another option who has experience with a bench role. The Nationals have sought more experience for their bench this winter after several young reserves scuffled for them last season. In 121 career at-bats as a pinch hitter, Carroll has hit .339 with a .417 on-base percentage.

Carroll, who turns 40 in February, hit .211 last season, mostly as a second baseman and third baseman, with the Twins and Royals. Carroll plays excellent defense, but last season was one of the least productive offensive players in the league, posting a .267 on-base percentage while slugging .251.

Carroll lives in Viera, Fla., right around the corner from Space Coast Stadium, the Nationals’ spring training home. In recent seasons, he has worked out with Nationals players during informal workouts before heading off to his own team.

Carroll was a member of the inaugural 2005 Nationals, a sparkplug utility infielder and favorite of Manager Frank Robinson. Back then, if you had to guess which six original Nationals would still be active eight years later, the sawed-off 31-year-old who slugged .284 might not have made your list.

But Carroll’s positive clubhouse demeanor and defensive versatility have kept him in the league. He jumped from the Rockies, Indians, Dodgers, Twins and Royals, keeping alive a major league career that did not begin until age 28 with the Expos.

The other five 2005 Nationals still in business: Marlon Byrd, Endy Chavez, Jon Rauch, Luis Ayala and Ryan Zimmerman, who debuted as a September call-up after getting drafted that summer.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0136845-089586b339875dc5e52d4c559e6cba8f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003516 00000000000 015100  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Adrien Broner was on The Breakfast Club early Wednesday and, during his interview, he answered a series of questions with roughly the level of thought you'd expect from a guy who's made a living off taking punches to the head.

xkaTViMzE64_GqCJUlVVgjvMzPiUgv61

Broner told the skeptical Breakfast Club hosts that he plans to vote for Donald Trump because, according to him, "everything he's saying is crazy, but everything he's saying is correct." A simple fact check may undercut that reasoning, but this is Adrien Broner, not Stephen Hawking, so what are you going to do?

When Broner was told that "Mexicans [are] going to hate you" for that quote, Broner pointed out that it doesn't matter because they already hate him.

When pressed further on the logic behind his Presidential choice, Broner also told host Angela Yee that his decision is based on his bank account.

"Man, what I'm saying is this man, he gonna lower them taxes," Broner said. "That's what I'm with, for real, because taxes have been kicking my ass."

When told that paying at a higher tax rate means you make a lot of money, he was unmoved.

"So what?" he said. "Lower them shits."

And sooner after saying that, he added: "The rich gonna get richer, and the poor gonna stay poor. Oh well."

POST CONTINUES BELOW

Outside of talking about Trump, Broner answered questions about that staged video of him throwing change in a Wal-Mart line, posing with guns on Instagram, Floyd Mayweather, and whether or not his criminal record even allows him to vote (somehow it does). ​There's a lot of ground to cover with this guy. He was also able to duck questions about the recent accusation that he robbed a man outside a bowling alley.

The clip above is more than worth setting aside five minutes for, if for no other reason than to see Broner try (again) as hard as he possibly can to play the heel.                                                                                                                                                                                  0136876-83c6696242cd712034b94a52b387d821.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002067 00000000000 014551  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Clake said on ABC's 'This Week' roundtable that the FBI's decision to reopen the Clinton email case hit DNC chair Donna Brazile "like a Mack Truck."





STEPHANOPOULOS: And, mayor, this seemed to hit the Clinton campaign, take them completely by surprise, as well. Our calls all Friday afternoon, they had no idea what was going

on.



STEPHANIE RAWLINGS-BLAKE, MAYOR OF BALTIMORE, MARYLAND: I've talked to our chair, Donna Brazile, and she said she felt like she was hit by a Mack truck understandably.



I think Director Comey owes the American public more. This is crazy that you would come with this type of letter to congressional members and to your staff and not have anything to back it up. We have one person saying, well it's clear that the FBI believes this, or it's clear that. Nothing is clear.



The only thing that's clear is that he's under pressure and he got shook. He acted under pressure that is really Trump-esque recklessness to do something like this nine days out, or 11 days out and not have anything to back it up.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136843-2e1c760dd033ccd3d4aa9cbd34f59fab.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007250 00000000000 015462  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Romania's ambassador to Britain has mocked MPs and rightwing newspapers that gathered at airports on New Year's Day to interrogate an expected influx of his countrymen, comparing them to tragicomic characters from Samuel Beckett's masterpiece Waiting for Godot.

Ion Jinga said that politicians and journalists at Luton airport were desperately waiting for the arrival of millions of unemployed Romanians only to be greeted by two new entrants, both of whom already had jobs.

His intervention follows an intense debate in Britain over the expected migration of Romanians and Bulgarians after transitional controls were lifted on 1 January. Anti-immigration politicians, including Ukip's Nigel Farage and several Tories, have claimed that Britain cannot absorb a large number of new migrants from eastern Europe.

MigrationWatch, the pressure group, released a briefing paper on New Year's Eve claiming that 50,000 people from both countries would enter Britain every year for the next five years.

Writing for The Huffington Post, Jinga said: "It seems that a new version of Waiting for Godot is being reinvented by part of the British media and by some politicians who are desperately waiting for the arrival of millions of Romanians after 1 January 2014.

"Journalists and distinguished British MPs who went to Luton airport on the 1 January ... discovered that only two Romanians came to the UK to take advantage of the lifting of border restrictions, and both having [sic] firm job offers - one washing cars, the other as a doctor in Essex. The overwhelming majority of the passengers were Romanians returning to jobs after having enjoyed Christmas with their families at home, or Britons coming home after skiing in the Carpathians," he said.

He added that an "insulting media campaign against Romanians" has been launched by sections of the British media that was not based on evidence.

"Most Romanians who came to the UK did so for work, not for benefits. We also plead in favour of honest, hard-working people, who pay taxes and contribute to society.

"It comes as a great surprise to see how attitudes towards Romania have become so easily formed by misguided and biased opinions."

The article in the Huffington Post later appeared to be amended to remove mention of politicians.

On New Year's Day, Keith Vaz, who chairs the home affairs committee, and Mark Reckless, a fellow member, told reporters they had come to the airport "to see for ourselves" the procedures in place. What they found was a plane three-quarters full, with the majority of the 146 passengers returning to jobs in Britain after spending Christmas with their families at home.

Jinga said that he, like many Romanians, had invited other Romanian friends over for Christmas. "As all these three persons will be leaving Britain in the next few days, I therefore hope they will not be counted to the millions of Romanians expected to invade the island."

Romania joined the EU in 2007, and Jinga said that most of those wanting to work abroad had already done so.

"Taking into account the near-exhaustion of Romania's potential to 'export' workers and the fact that my country is now the fastest-growing economy in the EU, lifting restrictions on 1 January 2014 is unlikely to lead to a massive increase in the number of Romanians coming to the UK," he said.

Reckless, the Tory MP for Rochester and Strood, laughed at the comparison to Beckett's anti-heroes Vladimir and Estragon, adding that said the committee would continue to examine the issue of immigration closely and might recall Jinga for another interview.

"The committee might be waiting for another visit from the ambassador. We will continue to work in this area to monitor how many Romanians do come."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0136848-46d81786ef23450ab178bd0528a177e7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000031275 00000000000 014721  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A creed wasn't the only thing Harry missed when he left the church. Nearing 40, he longed to find people, not just authors or online avatars, who shared his new beliefs.

He quickly found one fellow atheist.

A salesman in Harry's business and one of his closest friends, Joey Carabetta, had been a committed nonbeliever ever since a hospital in California insisted on sending chaplains to his then-wife's room when she miscarried.

Talking on the phone one night, Harry and Joey decided to seek out other atheists, and were happy to see a group on MeetUp.com that gathered for "heathen happy hours" and other social events.

If you're going to be an atheist in North Carolina, where 86% of the population calls itself Christian, it helps to live in the Research Triangle. The region's tech companies and universities – including Duke, North Carolina and North Carolina State — draw highly educated and often secular-minded transplants from across the country.

Attending Parenting Beyond Belief play dates and local lectures on atheism, Harry bonded with fellow atheists who shared a sense of being islands amid an ocean of faith, their shores pounded by wave after wave of believers: The evangelists who were invited to their children's schools. The conservative politicians who hold sway at the state Capitol in Raleigh. The neighbors who casually slip church-talk into conversations.

One night, several couples Harry had met through Parenting Beyond Belief gathered at a house in Wake Forest, where they confided their stories about becoming atheists, described how they "came out" to family members and talked about the challenges of raising secular children in the Bible Belt. Looking around the table, Harry thought: These are my people.

Charlotte, though, often stayed home. She was suffering from depression and didn't feel like socializing. Why did her husband need play dates with atheists, anyway?

She also worried about upsetting Harry's parents, who knew he'd left the church but didn't yet know that he was an atheist. What if they asked her about it? What if they asked if she was an atheist, too? At the time, Charlotte tried to embody the Southern image of the perfect wife, doting daughter and self-possessed mother. If people knew she was an atheist, she thought, that portrait would be marred.

Charlotte and Harry had talked about atheism, of course, and all the books he was reading. (Charlotte, who is dyslexic, didn't read as much.) He shared his strongest arguments against God, and often she agreed.

But Charlotte clung to certain religious comforts, especially the idea that she would see her grandmother, Grace, again in the afterlife. "It took me a long time to grieve the loss of that wonderful idea."

It was Grace, her daughter, who convinced Charlotte that she was an atheist. It wasn't a question about Catholicism this time. It was driving lessons. As Grace turned 18 and starting leaving the house with keys in hand, Charlotte found herself praying for her daughter's safety.

One day, it dawned on her: Here she was, asking a God she didn't believe in to protect her daughter. It might help ease her anxieties, she laughed to herself, but it wasn't real.

Eventually, Charlotte agreed to tag along for a few atheist lectures and "heathen happy hours," and, as she met actual atheists, her thinking changed. These people didn't seem to fit the stereotypes she'd been raised to believe. They were open and kind, raising happy, healthy children. She needed to be just as open about her beliefs, Charlotte thought, for the sake of her own family.

"It is who I am, and I need to own it, for myself and to be a good role model to my kids, so that they know that I really believe the things I'm teaching them."

The Shaughnessy children are sharp. They knew something was awry when their Sunday mornings became church-free. But Charlotte and Harry hadn't wanted to explain their beliefs until they were sure they were finished with faith.

When that day came, they sat Grace, Todd and Brennen down in the living room for a family chat — and blamed all of their angst on Grace.

No, they didn't do that.

Rather, Charlotte and Harry explained that Grace's question about confession inspired them to take a hard look at the religious traditions they'd inherited.

The Shaughnessys never had another family meeting about religion. It's wasn't their style to stay serious for very long. Instead, they relished Harry's ability to invent goofy games and Charlotte's readiness to play along.

Still, Harry and Charlotte seized everyday opportunities to teach their children to be open-minded and skeptical about religion.

If a commercial about Scientology played on TV, Harry told them that it was founded by a sci-fi writer.

If they were learning about American history, he might mention that Mormons believe Jesus once traveled to America.

If they were driving to a family Christmas party, Charlotte listed the pagan traditions, like the Christmas tree, borrowed by Christians.

And if the children wanted to go to Vacation Bible School with their friends or Mass with Harry's mother, Harry and Charlotte let them.

Atheism is what we believe, they told their kids. But they gave their children permission to research and explore religion on their own. If they decided to be religious, Charlotte said, they would have her blessing.

Not that Harry would stand by and watch his children turn into evangelicals. He made sure Grace, Todd and Brennen understood why he found fault with each and every faith.

All three embraced atheism.

Raising atheists Grace, 22, is almost a carbon copy of Harry, sometimes to her great chagrin. She's funny, silly and smart as heck. At the University of North Carolina-Greensboro, where she graduated last December with a degree in women's studies, Grace was president of the Secular Student Alliance, a campus group for young atheists. Todd, 19, says he's an atheist but doesn't really care about religion or atheism. By the time he had grown up, his parents had stopped going to church, so he never developed an attachment or antipathy to faith. Brennen, 16, says he's the only atheist at his high school but doesn't feel out of place. "I'm out to everyone." The kids in gym class called him "co-pilot" after he wore a T-shirt that said "Science is My Co-Pilot," but Brennen brushed the sobriquet aside. "I ignored them," he says, "because they're idiots."

Harry wants his kids to resist conforming to the South's overwhelmingly Christian culture. Few things tick him off more than people proselytizing to children, so he carefully monitors school calendars and has protested evangelical events that target toddlers. Each year, Harry takes Todd and Brennen to Camp Quest, a secular summer camp where Harry is a counselor.

All this may be too late for Grace, though, who says she can't wait to kick the Carolina clay from her heels and light out for a secular city like Seattle.

Charlotte said she suspects a few parents canceled sleepovers with her children after learning that the Shaughnessys no longer spent Sunday morning in church. Grace and Brennen say they've experienced some awkward moments as the only open atheists at school – but nothing too serious.

The serious difficulties came from Harry's family.

Harry's mother, for one, did not give up on her son and his family. In various ways, some more subtle than others, Marjorie urged them to return to the fold. She told them she prayed for them. She scheduled family events around Mass, hoping they would attend.

When the extended family gathered for dinner, Harry tried to disappear during the pre-meal prayer. He couldn't stomach pretending to pray and would walk out of the room, waiting for his family to finish, hoping they would notice his lack of interest in participating.

Harry's brothers, Jim, 50, and Tim, 42, are believers but don't regularly attend religious services. Jim says their parents were devastated by Harry's break with Catholicism.

Harry's sisters, Ursula, 46, and Trish, 40, are active Catholics married to devout men. Both said they weren't comfortable talking to me for this article.

Both sisters tried to persuade Harry and Charlotte to give the church another try, suggesting books by C.S. Lewis and taking them out for lunch to talk about religion and raising children. Harry and Charlotte say the concern came from a good place. They know Harry's family cares about their souls. Still, they found it irritating.

At Grace's 13th birthday party, her Aunt Trish told her to come to the basement for a special present. There, she gave Grace a set of rosary beads and told her not to tell her parents. At the time, Grace says, she still believed in God. But the present deeply upset her.

Grace took the beads, walked back to the party and promptly gave them to her parents. Then she ran up to her room and cried.

"I was upset because, at this point, there were a lot of mean things happening in my family, and now I was being dragged into it — on my birthday of all days."

Harry and Charlotte were livid.

Harry says his sister felt bad, and it never happened again. But he and Charlotte couldn't help but read the message this way:

Here, please take this gift so you'll become more religious.

I want to save you.

But don't tell your parents.

That last part most troubled Harry and Charlotte.

"Do you really want adults to say to kids, 'Here's something for you and don't tell your parents about it?'" Harry asks. "We don't want to teach our kids to keep secrets."

Harry told his family to stop giving the children religious gifts, and says he returns the favor. He avoids talking about religion with his Catholic nieces and nephews, even when they ask why he doesn't go to church.

But Harry is no saint. He started an online spat with a brother-in-law that led to a serious family feud.

Harry posted something about the Pope on Facebook. Exactly what, Charlotte and Harry can't – or won't – recall.

Ursula's husband, Rod Ruiz, posted a response, and Harry rallied his new atheist friends to join his side. They piled on, and the thread got painfully personal.

Ursula and Rod didn't attend the family Christmas celebration that year. Harry's mother, who lives to have her children together on the holidays, was devastated.

"None of us liked seeing her so upset," Grace recalls. "My dad and everyone else realized: This needs to get better."

Marjorie still sends cards to Harry and Charlotte every Easter, a quick note to let them know that she's arranged to have a Mass said for them. But she has stopped trying to persuade Harry and his family to come back to the church.

I visited the Shaughnessys' church, St. Joseph's, in Raleigh, this winter to talk with their pastor, hoping to understand more about families who disagree about religion. Monsignor Jeffrey Ingham said neither Jim nor Marjorie Shaughnessy had confided in him about Harry, but many other families have sought his advice in similar situations.

"There's only one thing they can do," he said, "and that's pray for their son. It is possible to bring him back to the church, but not by argument — only by example."

Ingham noted that the day we met – December 14 — was the feast day of St. John of the Cross, the 16th-century Spanish friar who wrote about his spiritual crisis in the poem "The Dark Night of the Soul."

John of the Cross suffered intensely, writing some of his poems while imprisoned by fellow friars, but he allowed his agony to goad him closer to God, Ingham said.

"We experience the blahs, the emptiness, the sense that things aren't the way they're supposed to be. But that's all part of God's grace. He's calling us to something deeper."

For many doubters, their angst is sharpened by a sense of isolation, a feeling that nobody knows the trouble we've seen, in the words of the old spiritual. But Harry comes from a large and loving family, which, as he well knows, suffered alongside him. That's especially true of his mother, Marjorie.

"She told me she cries every day," Harry says. "That's painful to hear – but at least she told me."

I asked Harry if anything could change his mind about atheism. He said he's always open to new information but tried to believe in God for a long time.

"My mother says faith is a gift," he says, "and I just don't have that gift."

As he became more involved in atheism, Harry felt the closeness he'd shared with his mother slipping away. He decided to set a monthly lunch date with her.

At first, he says, it was awkward. The chasm between them was hard to bridge. But they found other topics to talk about, like Grace's success at college and Brennen's interest in writing.

After lunch one day, as Harry and his mother walked through the parking lot, she noticed that they both had bumper stickers on their cars.

Hers said "JMJ," which stands for Jesus, Mary and Joseph, the Holy Family.

His: "Imagine No Religion."

Mother and son shared a laugh.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0136830-5b150a91885c8c0d6370066e2aa69d13.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001531 00000000000 014662  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        You think I’m kidding, but no: This is happening. While LEGO City sets have long included some off-the-wall models — including, but certainly not limited to, the Space Shuttle — 2012 will see a more back-woods flair coming to the world. This seems to include highway patrol officers, bears, police dogs, abandoned gold mines, and hillbillies.

Now, “hillbilly” is a bit of a loaded term. However, if what’s pictured above isn’t a secret moonshine shack, then I don’t know what is. Also, the preponderance of slack-jawed looking crooks with tricked-out vehicles simply begs the comparison.

If that’s not your kind of thing, there are now LEGO bears, and that’s worth a lot in its own right.

Finally, LEGO enthusiasts will be able to recreate their favorite scenes from CHiPS.

(Eurobricks via Brothers Brick)

Relevant to your interests                                                                                                                                                                       0136427-81926469b574caf7ed8947f575049ce3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003243 00000000000 014737  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Nulon "Start Ya Bastard" Instant Engine Starter (SYB) promotes easy starting of all diesel and petrol engines (both two-stroke and four-stroke). In searching for a name for this product, we could not get away from the three words most commonly used to describe a difficult-to-start engine "Start Ya Bastard". We trust you will not be offended.

Nulon's SYB high potency, highly concentrated, highly flammable formulation is designed to instantly start difficult-to-start engines. Of course an engine has to be in sound condition and tuned correctly for it to start at all. However, there are many reasons why an engine can be difficult to start, such as:

Petrol Engines

Old or stale fuel

Low battery condition

Poor choke operation

Cold ambient temperature

Insufficient engine cranking speed, particularly on manual start engines such as motor mowers, small motorcycles etc.

Engine has been sitting idle for a long time

Frail people who are not strong enough to pull a start cord quickly enough

Initial start after repair work

Diesel Engines

Cold ambient temperatures

Faulty glow plugs

Old, stale, or out of season fuel

Low cylinder pressures

Low battery

Initial start after repair work or bleeding fuel system

There is nothing more annoying than an engine that refuses to start. Nulon SYB should be kept on hand at all times in the glove box, in the workshop or in the home garage, the boat, or the tractor. One never knows when an engine will become stubborn and refuse, or be difficult to start. Nulon SYB will help preserve battery condition and it is totally harmless to engines. One short spray of Nulon is all that is necessary to start the most stubborn of engines.

Benefits                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0136836-4924c2044dedf12088cee29ce0ff86d5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015033 00000000000 015210  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A top Pentagon official has said the only sure way of eliminating North Korea’s nuclear weapons capabilities would be by putting U.S. boots on the ground — a move that some worry could prompt Pyongyang to use biological, chemical and even nuclear weapons against Japan and South Korea.

“The only way to ‘locate and destroy — with complete certainty — all components of North Korea’s nuclear weapons programs’ is through a ground invasion,” Rear Adm. Michael J. Dumont, vice director of the Joint Chiefs of Staff wrote in a blunt assessment to U.S. lawmakers that was released Saturday on the realities of reining in Pyongyang’s nuclear ambitions.

Dumont’s letter came in response to questions by U.S. Reps. Ted Lieu of California and Ruben Gallego of Arizona in regards to military planning and casualty estimates in the event of conflict with the nuclear-armed North.

Dumont said that a detailed discussion of U.S. capabilities “to counter North Korea’s ability to respond with a nuclear weapon and to eliminate North Korea’s nuclear weapons located in deeply buried, underground facilities,” would be best suited for a classified briefing.

The military, Dumont wrote, “would be happy to join the Intelligence Community to address these issues in a classified briefing.”

His letter also noted that the North “may consider the use of biological weapons as an option, contrary to its obligations under the Biological and Toxic Weapons Convention,” adding that it continues to bolster its research and development capabilities in this area.

North Korea, the letter went on, “has a long-standing chemical weapons program with the capability to produce nerve, blister, blood and choking agents and it likely possesses a CW stockpile.”

The country “probably could employ CW agents by modifying a variety of conventional munitions, including artillery and ballistic missiles, though whether it would so employ CW agents remains an open question,” Dumont said, again noting that a detailed discussion would need to be held in a classified setting.

The Pentagon also said it was “challenging” to calculate “best- or worst-case casualty estimates” for any conventional or nuclear attack, citing the nature, intensity and duration of any strike, as well as how much advance warning is given.

In a joint statement in response to the letter, 16 U.S. lawmakers — all veterans — called the prospect of a ground invasion “deeply disturbing.”

“The Joint Chiefs of Staff has now confirmed that the only way to destroy North Korea’s nuclear arsenal is through a ground invasion,” they wrote. “That is deeply disturbing and could result in hundreds of thousands, or even millions of deaths in just the first few days of fighting.”

These estimates echoed a report by the Congressional Research Service released late last month that said renewed conflict on the Korean Peninsula could kill hundreds of thousands of people in the first few days alone, a figure that excluded the potential use of nuclear weapons.

Even if North Korea “uses only its conventional munitions, estimates range from between 30,000 and 300,000 dead in the first days of fighting,” the report said, citing North Korea’s ability to fire 10,000 rounds per minute at Seoul.

More pressingly for Japan, the report noted is that “Pyongyang could also escalate to attacking Japan with ballistic missiles, including the greater Tokyo area and its roughly 38 million residents.

“The regime might see such an attack as justified by its historic hostility toward Japan based on Japan’s annexation of the Korean Peninsula from 1910 to 1945, or it could launch missiles in an attempt to knock out U.S. military assets stationed on the archipelago,” the report said. “A further planning consideration is that North Korea might also strike U.S. bases in Japan (or South Korea) first, possibly with nuclear weapons, to deter military action by U.S./ROK forces.”

ROK is the formal name for South Korea.

U.S. leader Donald Trump, who kicked off his first trip to Asia as president with a visit to Japan on Sunday, has regularly noted that all options, including military action, remain on the table.

The global community has been ramping up pressure on North Korea after it conducted its sixth and most powerful nuclear test so far on Sept. 3. In September, the U.N. Security Council strengthened its sanctions, including export bans as well as asset freezes and travel bans on various officials.

For his part, Trump, together with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, has taken an approach of “maximum pressure” in dealing with Pyongyang.

But Trump, known to derisively refer to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un as “rocket man,” has also variously threatened North Korea with “fire and fury” and to “totally destroy” the country of 25 million people if the United States is forced to defend itself or its allies, including Japan.

This possibility of military action has stoked alarm among allied nations and within the U.S. Congress, including questions about planning and the aftermath of such a move.

“It is our intent to have a full public accounting of the potential cost of war, so the American people understand the commitment we would be making as a nation if we were to pursue military action,” the 16 lawmakers wrote in their statement.

The Trump administration, the lawmakers said, “has failed to articulate any plans to prevent the military conflict from expanding beyond the Korean Peninsula and to manage what happens after the conflict is over.”

“With that in mind, the thought of sending troops into harm’s way and expending resources on another potentially unwinnable war is chilling,” they said. “The President needs to stop making provocative statements that hinder diplomatic options and put American troops further at risk.”

The United States has roughly 50,000 troops stationed in Japan and 28,500 based in South Korea.

“Invading North Korea could result in a catastrophic loss of lives for U.S. troops and U.S. civilians in South Korea,” the lawmakers said. “It could kill millions of South Koreans and put troops and civilians in Guam and Japan at risk.

“As Veterans, we have defended this nation in war and we remain committed to this country’s security. We also understand that entering into a protracted and massive ground war with North Korea would be disastrous for U.S. troops and our allies,” they said. “The Joint Chiefs of Staff, it appears, agree. Their assessment underscores what we’ve known all along: There are no good military options for North Korea.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136765-17c22646e4358059da5f94734b2ba9b0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005313 00000000000 014703  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Moscow and Washington have reached an understanding that further US strikes similar to the one carried out against Syria's Shayrat Air Base "should not occur again," the Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has said.

Lavrov emphasized that this issue was raised during his discussions with the US Secretary of State on Wednesday when Rex Tillerson was visiting Moscow.

Read more

“We have discussed this issue with the US Secretary of State in details yesterday and agreed upon the fact that a similar [strike] should not occur again,” he told journalists ahead of his meeting with his Syrian counterpart, Walid Muallem, in Moscow.

Lavrov further underlined that the US missile strike against the Shayrat Air Base played “a highly provocative role.”

He went on to say that the US confirmed its commitment to the idea that there is no other option of resolving the Syrian conflict other than the political dialog, adding that this offers hope for the future of the peace process.

“It is encouraging to some extent that Rex Tillerson confirmed yesterday that [the US still holds] the opinion that there is no alternative to the political process [of the resolution of the Syrian crisis] despite all the recent negative developments,” he said.

A “right and responsible step” is how Lavrov described the Syrian government’s decision to invite experts from the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) to conduct an investigation of the chemical weapon incident in Idlib province.

READ MORE: 63% of American voters want more US intervention in Syria – poll

He said the “hysteria” around the alleged Idlib chemical weapons attack should not impede efforts made in Astana and Geneva, which are aimed at resolving the Syrian conflict.

Read more

The Russian Foreign Minister warned that there are forces still trying to “bust up the ceasefire regime brokered in Astana and welcomed by the UN Security Council.”

Earlier, Lavrov said that failing to institute an international inquiry into the chemical attack in Syria's Idlib would mean that the international community is not interested in establishing the truth about the matter.

He reiterated that Moscow considers the US claims concerning the chemical weapons being used by the Syrian government “unfounded” and “lacking evidence,” speaking at the joint news conference with Tillerson on Wednesday following talks in Moscow.

Lavrov also denounced attempts to hamper cooperation between Russia and the US as “shortsighted.” The two diplomats also announced the creation of a joint expert group tasked with analyzing bilateral relations and addressing sources of mutual concern as they revealed plans to improve ties between Moscow and Washington.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136764-7e139b8feff6bc109b36ee2100c41508.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000021574 00000000000 015122  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A Free-Thinking Republican Woman

Kathy Potts had a complicated introduction to gay people, even by the standards of her Mississippi upbringing and Bible school education. She remembers that her maternal grandparents, whose last name happened to be “Gay,” received hate mail and phone calls in the 1970s after the Stonewall riots brought national visibility to the burgeoning rights movement. When her uncle’s wife left him and came out as a lesbian, family members joked that his ex had only married him for the surname. Her first in-depth discussions about homosexuality occurred in the early 1980s with a neighbor who identified as “ex-gay.” And there was a time in the not-so-distant past when she would not watch Ellen DeGeneres on TV because she did not want to be “influenced to be like her.”



All that changed three years ago when her son met and married a young woman whose mother was in a long-term lesbian relationship. Potts met her future in-laws shortly before the wedding and left the meeting embarrassed about the stereotypes she had carried to the encounter.



“I was just freaking out: ‘This just can’t happen,’” she recalls thinking before their first conversation. “And then it dawned on me, this wasn’t worth losing my son over. And then once I started hanging around with them, I’m like, ‘This is insane.’”



A Charismatic Christian who now attends church sporadically, Potts attributes much of her former bias to her faith experience. Her conversations with other Christians focused almost exclusively on sexual activity and dehumanized gay people.



“I just thought it was all about sex,” she said. “That’s what everything was based on: sex, sex, sex, sex. You were expecting that they were constantly going to be hanging on each other and making out. I’d never thought of anyone as people. It was just all based on sex.”



The viewpoint did not extend to her son or three other children she raised with her husband, Tom. His employment brought the family from Mississippi to Cedar Rapids, Iowa.



“I raised my children to be independent, thank God, so they didn’t necessarily go with everything I said,” said Potts.



Unconvinced of her mother’s sudden transformation, her daughter challenged gay friends to befriend her mother on Facebook. As Potts acquired more and more gay friends online and in person, the former Republican chair for Linn County started to understand their struggles in terms of her core political beliefs.



“It’s just plain freedom,” she said. “I don’t want anyone telling me what to do.”



Potts wrote about her evolution last month in an op-ed for the Iowa Gazette. The piece, “Stand Together,” offered a stinging assessment of the Iowa caucuses that took place in January.



“I heard a lot of rhetoric about gay and lesbian Americans that didn’t fit with what I know to be true and what many Republicans believe,” she wrote. “As an evangelical Christian Republican, I know many people who hold conservative values like equality and freedom, but those voices were lost this year. However, I believe in my heart that things are changing. If it weren’t for the loud voices of a few in our party, I do believe more Republicans would stand up in support of marriage equality.”



In an interview with The Advocate, Potts said that many Republicans in Iowa support marriage equality but fear they could be “ostracized” if they speak up. She said that one husband of a party insider told her that he was glad she wrote the op-ed because it reflected his own feelings.



“The party here is being led by strong right-wing people right now,” she said. “A lot of them would like for it just to be church. They’ve very antigay, and with the abortion issue, too, they’re extremely loud spoken about it.”



The Iowa Supreme Court ruled unanimously for marriage equality in 2009, and since then, the state Senate has resisted Republican-led attempts to pass a constitutional ban. Some same-sex marriage opponents, including former gubernatorial candidate Bob Vander Plaats, have built platforms around the issue, but Potts said the court decision has also sparked discussions that reveal large numbers of people are not opposed.



Individuals embracing marriage equality include former state senator Jeff Angelo, who once sponsored a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage. Last year, he founded Iowa Republicans for Freedom, which “supports individual liberty for same-sex couples seeking civil marriage recognition from our government.” Potts was asked to be an advisory board member, but there was one problem. She was serving as a committee chairwoman for the Rick Perry for President campaign at the time. The campaign asked her to postpone the announcement of her board membership until after the caucuses, and she agreed.



“I don’t really feel like I can make a difference if they put me on the outside,” she said. “I was trying to see which way would be the best for me to make a difference. If I’d been put on the outside, I would never have had that opportunity.”

Her moment arrived in December, when the candidate released the disastrous video ad, “Strong,” that proclaimed, “there's something wrong in

this country when gays can serve openly in the military but our kids

can't openly celebrate Christmas or pray in schools." Potts was asked to

spend time with Anita Perry during the Texas first lady’s stop at a

college, and as they chatted for 10 minutes, the campaign chairwoman

mentioned the commercial.



“I said, ‘I think the campaign’s been

hurt some by the ad that came out,’” recalls Potts. “‘I was extremely

uncomfortable with it. I understand the message that we’re trying to put

out, that everybody ought to have freedom, but that’s not the way it

came out. It came out as an antigay message, and a lot of people just

assumed that you hated gay people.’”



Mrs. Perry insisted that was not

the case, and she told Potts about the friendships she and the governor

have with gay people. She talked about meeting Suze Orman and her

partner at the Texas Conference for Women, an event sponsored by the

first lady where the finance expert spoke.



Potts never discussed the issue with Governor Perry, but she said that she believes the response of his wife.



“You

can usually tell if somebody’s just giving you a line,” she said. “She

was very sincere. They may quote some of the Republican Party line, but

it’s kind of mixed signals.”



Potts thinks that Perry received

“poor counsel” on the commercial, and she continues to feel he would

have been the best candidate among the Republican field on LGBT issues.



“I

think the fact that you could have a conversation with him and maybe

sway him with it,” she said. “I think he would be open minded. I think

he could change.”



When Perry left the race following a weak

showing in Iowa, Potts failed to develop a similar affinity for any of

the remaining candidates. She worked for Mitt Romney in 2008 but said

she "caught him in too many lies" to continue with the campaign. The

ascent of Rick Santorum, who suspended his bid on Tuesday,

"shocked" her, given that she found the former Pennsylvania senator’s

inclination to judge people and set strict limits on contraception

“repulsive.”



“Santorum is such a whiner,” she said. “He’s just way out there.”



Potts

said that her dissatisfaction with the Republican presidential field

would “probably” lead her to consider voting for President Barack Obama.





“He’s looking better than any of them,” she said. “I don’t see a

candidate that can beat him right now. I would have to consider it.”



Her

outspokenness and frustration bring to mind other Republican women who

recently announced they would leave politics over disgust with polarized

dialogue and extreme ideologies. The fed-up voices include Senator

Olympia Snowe of Maine, a proponent of “don’t ask, don’t tell” repeal,

and New York Assemblymember Teresa Sayward, an early backer of the

marriage equality bill in her state legislature.



“They may just be tired,” said Potts. “It’s a hard fight. I think we can make a difference.”



Data

underscores her optimism, particularly with regard to equality, where

recent polls show that more women than men support same-sex marriage,

sometimes by as much as 10 percentage points.



“[That’s] probably

just because of relationships,” said Potts. “With me, it was with my

son. It got down to, ‘What’s really important?’ It gets down to a

personal issue a lot faster. For women, it becomes a personal issue.”



As

for her own political career, Potts said that she holds ambitions to

run for office one day. Some of her fellow Iowa Republicans would oppose the prospect, but she refuses to be silenced.



“I’m active in the party and they wish I’d shut up, but I’m not going away,” she said.                                                                                                                                    0136868-8a0b9fdb51318ffb849ad006ae766bb3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011273 00000000000 015266  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        WASHINGTON -- Elizabeth Warren isn't all the way on the Piketty line.

The Democratic Massachusetts senator has nothing but good things to say about economist Thomas Piketty's new, massive trove of data, Capital in the Twenty-First Century, but that doesn't mean she's ready to embrace two of his key recommendations to put the brakes on spiraling income inequality -- a wealth tax and a cranked-up inheritance tax.

Piketty's book crunches through more than 100 years of economic data and finds that the value of amassed wealth tends to outpace the value of doing work -- with unfortunate consequences -- unless something intervenes.

The interventions can come from disasters like the Great Depression and war, or from government. Piketty thinks progressive taxation, larger inheritance taxes and a tax on overall wealth would do the trick, and give labor earnings a chance to keep pace with returns from the treasure hordes of the super rich.

But asked by The Huffington Post if she, as a U.S. senator, would back a wealth tax or larger inheritance tax, Warren dodged.

"I want to put it this way: We need to take a hard look overall at our approach to taxation," Warren said. "That includes every part of it -- [the tax code] has become so riddled with loopholes and exceptions that were lobbied in by powerful corporations and individuals with buckets of money. You don't want to start with any one part of it, because that isn't the point. The point is the whole thing has to be on the table at once."

Warren didn't specifically cite politics in her response, but the reality is that opponents have scaled back taxing inheritance, calling it a death tax, and new taxes of any kind don't fare well in Congress. Warren's answer also follows from the approach Warren has tended to take in the past, such as pushing for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, with its broad power over all consumer lending, rather than adding diffuse bits and pieces of that responsibility to existing agencies.

Warren put her tax stance in the context of what she believes the nation needs to do with its revenue, including investing more in education, student loans and infrastructure, among many other things that she said are desired by both sides of the political aisle.

"Here's the interesting point, because I really think this is the heart of the point," Warren said. "It's not that anybody on the Republican side stands up and says 'I'm opposed to education -- [at least] there are not many who would say it that way -- 'I'm opposed to education,' or 'I don't want to invest in medical research.'

"It's that they say 'There's no money.' But why is there no money?" Warren said. "Why is there always money to protect loopholes for giant corporations? Why is there money to subsidize the oil industry that made tens of billions of dollars in profits last year? Why is there money for those who already have money and power, but not money to build a future a for ourselves and our kids?"

Warren added that all those things need to be considered together.

"It's about how these pieces are linked to each other," Warren said. "We've had a tax conversation for too long that just focuses on one piece at a time. But the real question is overall -- our spending should align with our values. And that's true whether we're talking about spending through tax loopholes or spending by investing in education and infrastructure."

Warren may get her wish for a tax overhaul after this year's midterm elections, with many lawmakers on both sides of the aisle angling for such a move.

In that debate, Warren thinks Piketty's tome can make some important arguments about easing income inequality, and why Congress has the ability to intervene.

"The point Piketty makes that I think is a powerful point is that it's not a law of nature. It's not like gravity, always there," Warren said. "It's a consequence of the policy the government follows. More progressive taxation can help level the playing field. More investment in giving every kid a chance to build something helps to level the playing field."

While Warren declined to sign onto Piketty's proposed wealth tax, she was effusive about his book, which has spent much of the past week at the top of the Amazon best-seller list with her own memoir, A Fighting Chance. She said they are coming at the same problem from different angles.

"I bought it, I read it maybe two weeks ago, and I would just turn the pages and think 'Yes, yes,' as I was reading," Warren said with a laugh. "I'd say, 'Oh I didn't know that piece of data, I didn't know that historic example.' But that's what it is. He's saying in effect the same thing -- the game is rigged."

Michael McAuliff covers Congress and politics for The Huffington Post. Talk to him on Facebook.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136879-2e01ddcb98e1dbbe9b5224b2fda0e888.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007714 00000000000 015432  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        DUBAI (Reuters) - Qatar got into a war of words with some Gulf Arab allies on Wednesday after it said hackers had posted fake remarks by its emir against U.S. foreign policy, but their state-run media reported the comments anyway.

Qatar's Emir Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al-Thani meets with U.S. President Donald Trump in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, May 21, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst

The development suggested behind-the-scenes disarray among U.S. Gulf allies just days after President Donald Trump visited Riyadh and signaled a possible revival of a 2014 rift between Qatar and its neighbors over Doha’s backing of Islamists.

Qatar and it Gulf allies Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates have used their oil and gas revenues to influence events in other Arab countries, and rifts between them can alter the political balance in Libya, Egypt, Syria, Iraq and Yemen.

Qatar’s official news agency reported on Tuesday that Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani, at a military graduation ceremony, criticized renewed tensions with Tehran, expressed understanding for Hezbollah and Hamas, and suggested U.S. President Donald Trump might not last long in power.

Doha issued a robust denial that the remarks had ever been made, but Gulf Arab countries including oil giant Saudi Arabia permitted their state-backed media to run them throughout the day on Wednesday quoting Qatar’s official news agency.

A government spokesman told Reuters the emir had not made any comments at the graduation ceremony for Qataris doing national service.

But Saudi Arabia’s Okaz daily thundered: “Qatar splits the rank, sides with the enemies of the nation.” Riyadh’s Arab News said the comments sparked “outrage” among other Gulf states.

A Qatari Foreign Ministry official expressed “surprise at the position of some media and satellite channels”.

DISUNITY

“The Qatar News Agency (QNA) website has been hacked by an unknown entity. A false statement attributed to His Highness has been published,” a government statement said early on Wednesday.

Qatar will track down and prosecute the perpetrators, the statement continued. QNA was inaccessible throughout the day.

Authorities in Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) blocked the main website of Qatar’s al Jazeera television, which Riyadh and Abu Dhabi have often seen as being critical of their governments. Al Jazeera says it is an independent news service giving a voice to everyone in the region.

Both dismissed the Qatari claims of a hack. Saudi-owned Al Arabiya television ran a story titled “Proof that Qatar News Agency was not hacked,” which noted that the statement had also run on Qatari state television and the QNA Instagram account.

Al Arabiya also reported, without elaborating, that an unidentified source in the Emirati foreign ministry had confirmed the blocking of all Qatari media websites.

The incident happened days after Qatar complained it was the target of “an orchestrated barrage” of criticism by unknown parties, in the run-up to Trump’s visit, that alleged that the Gulf state supported militant groups in the Middle East.

“The reality is that the region is on the verge of further escalation,” a Western diplomat in Doha said. “It’s total chaos and no one has vision.”

The falling out is especially awkward for the Gulf Arab states after their leaders met Trump last weekend at a Riyadh summit of Muslim nations meant to showcase solidarity against Sunni armed militant groups and Shi’ite regional adversary Iran.

In Riyadh, Trump renewed his assertion that Iran was a leading state sponsor of terrorism. Iran denies that and says Saudi Arabia, the dominant GCC power, supports militant Islamist armed groups such as al Qaeda and Islamic State.

Riyadh, in turn, denies that accusation.

Ties between Qatar and other Gulf Arab states suffered an eight-month breach in 2014 over Qatar’s alleged support for the Muslim Brotherhood, an Islamist group whose political ideology challenges the principle of dynastic rule.                                                    0136857-d01c4c58557b9d75bc47642515384c21.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000023336 00000000000 014633  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Looking for news you can trust?

Subscribe to our free newsletters.





During the late December media lull, the USDA didn’t satisfy itself with green-lighting Monsanto’s useless, PR-centric “drought-tolerant” corn. It also prepped the way for approving a product from Monsanto’s rival Dow Agrosciences—one that industrial-scale corn farmers will likely find all too useful.

Dow has engineered a corn strain that withstands lashings of its herbicide, 2,4-D. The company’s pitch to farmers is simple: Your fields are becoming choked with weeds that have developed resistance to Monsanto’s Roundup herbicide. As soon as the USDA okays our product, all your problems will be solved.

At risk of sounding overly dramatic, the product seems to me to bring mainstream US agriculture to a crossroads. If Dow’s new corn makes it past the USDA and into farm fields, it will mark the beginning of at least another decade of ramped-up chemical-intensive farming of a few chosen crops (corn, soy, cotton), beholden to a handful of large agrichemical firms working in cahoots to sell ever larger quantities of poisons, environment be damned. If it and other new herbicide-tolerant crops can somehow be stopped, farming in the US heartland can be pushed toward a model based on biodiversity over monocropping, farmer skill in place of brute chemicals, and healthy food instead of industrial commodities.

Yet Dow’s pitch will likely prove quite compelling. Introduced in 1996, Roundup Ready crops now account for 94 percent of the soybean crops and upwards of 70 percent for soy and cotton, USDA figures show. The technology cut a huge chunk of work out of farming, allowing farmers to cultivate ever more massive swathes of land with less labor.

But by the time farmers had structured their operations around Roundup Ready and its promise of effortless weed control, the technology had begun to fail. In what was surely one of the most predictable events in the history of agriculture, it turned out than when farmers douse millions of acres of land with a single herbicide year after year, weeds evolve to resist that poison. Last summer, Roundup-resistant superweeds flourished in huge swathes of US farmland, forcing farmers to apply gushers of toxic herbicide cocktails and even resort to hand-weeding—not a fun thing to do on a huge farm. A recent article in the industrial-ag trade journal Delta Farm Press summed up the situation: “Days of Easy Weed Control Are Over.”

Dow’s new herbicide-resistant product promises to bring those days back. In its petition to the USDA to approve 2,4-D-resistant corn, the company explicitly pitched it as the answer to farmers’ Roundup trouble. The 2,4-D trait will be “stacked” with Monsanto’s Roundup trait to “generate commercial hybrids with multiple herbicide tolerances,” the petition states. Note that the new product marks a point of collusion, not competition, between industry titans Dow and Monsanto—they plan to license the 2,4-D and Roundup traits to each other to form “stacked” hybrids.

And once they do, farmers can douse their fields with both 2,4-D and Roundup—and 2,4-D will kill whatever weeds Roundup can’t, and leave the crop pristine. Farmers’ growers will be able to “proactively manage weed populations while avoiding adverse population shifts of troublesome weeds or the development of resistance, particularly glyphosate- [Roundup-] resistance in weeds,” the petition promises.

The USDA, for its part, is buying what Dow is selling. Its Draft Environmental Assessment (PDF) offers no critique of Dow’s claims, and recommends that the product be deregulated. The agency is currently seeking public comment on the matter; the comment period ends February 27. Doug Gurian-Sherman, a senior scientist with the Union of Concerned Scientists, told me that when the USDA brings a GMO product to the comment stage after having recommended deregulation, it “almost always” green-lights the product. “The only times I’ve seen the USDA hold off at this stage is when there’s a lot of public pushback,” Gurian-Sherman says.

Dow’s new GM corn merits just such a public uproar, it seems to me. A just-released paper from a group of researchers led by Pennsylvania State University crop scientist David A. Mortensen makes a strong case that new herbicide-tolerant crops will lead US agriculture down a path of ever-increasing addiction to agrichemicals. (The abstract is here; I have a PDF of the full paper but can’t upload it because it’s under copyright.)

The authors note that even by Dow and Monsanto’s reckoning, a new stacked 2,4-D/Roundup-resistant product would immediately lead to an increase in herbicide use, because the companies have been advocating an herbicide program that combines current rates of Roundup use with a roughly equal amounts of 2,4-D. That’s good for sales, but not so good for the environment.

And wouldn’t such an herbicide cocktail just lead to weeds that defy both 2,4-D and Roundup? No need to worry about that; Dow and Monsanto claim that it’s extremely unlikely for weeds to survive two different herbicides that attack them simultaneously in entirely different ways.

The authors shred that argument. They retort that resistance to two or more herbicides isn’t a rare occurrence at all: Globally, no fewer than 38 weed species across 12 families show resistance to two or more herbicides—”with 44% of these having appeared since 2005.”

They add that on millions of acres of farmland in the Midwest and South, many weeds will only need to develop a single resistance pathway, because they’re already resistant to Roundup. That is, when farmers apply 2,4-D at will to weeds that are already resistant to Roundup, they’ll essentially be selecting for weeds that can resist both.

All in all, the authors conclude, chances are “actually quite high” that Dow’s new product will unleash a new generation of superweeds that resist both Roundup and 2,4-D. If 2,4-D resistance does indeed emerge, farmers will likely respond just as they responded to the advent of Roundup resistance—by applying ever higher doses.

Thus the authors project that 2,4-D use will surge decades after the new seeds reach market (see chart, left). Their main ecological concern with an explosion in 2,4-D use is pesticide drift: They say the compound is quite volatile and prone to be carried in air, where it can do damage to non-target plants like the neighbor’s vegetable farm. “Landscapes dominated by synthetic auxin- [2,4-D]–resistant [crops] may make it challenging to cultivate tomatoes, grapes, potatoes, and other horticultural crops without the threat of yield loss from drift,” they write. They also fear that if you’re a farmer determined not to use a stacked 2,4-D/Roundup seed, you could be forced to if your neighbor’s 2,4-D spray keeps knocking down your corn.

As for its toxicity to people and animals, the study’s authors take at face value the EPA’s assessment that 2,4-D and other chemicals in its class have “low acute and chronic toxicities to mammalian, bird, and fish model organisms; degrade fairly rapidly in the soil; and are not known to bioaccumulate.”

However, as I’ve reported before, the advocacy group Beyond Pesticides points to both epidemiological and lab-based evidence linking it non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma and other cancers. It’s also an endocrine disruptor, Beyond Pesticides reports, meaning it can “interfere with the body’s hormone messaging system and can alter many essential processes.” And in 2004, a coalition of more than a dozen environmental and social justice groups, including the Natural Resources Defense Council and Pesticide Action Network, wrote a letter to the EPA rebuking it for underestimating the health risks of 2,4-D—in particular, its carcinogenicity. The EPA, it goes without saying, brushed those concerns aside.

The frustrating part is, there no reason to send a flood of this stuff onto US farm fields, where it will likely run off into ground water, as both Roundup and Syngenta’s toxic herbicide atrazine already has.

As the authors of the Bioscience paper show, a simple program called Integrated Weed Management could rescue US farm fields from Roundup-resistant superweeds without recourse to more herbicides. The approach relies on low-tech techniques like crop rotation, cover crops, tillage, and targeted herbicide applications. IWM would mean bringing skill and thought back to farming, and it would push farmers into planting more crops than just corn and soy.

The biggest obstacle to IWM over the Dow/Monsanto vision doesn’t lie in efficiency or economics. The authors cite research showing that “cropping systems that employ an IWM approach can produce competitive yields and realize profit margins that are comparable to, if not greater than, those of systems that rely chiefly on herbicides.”

Rather, the obstacle lies in political economy: the power of the agrichemical companies to set the research agenda both in public universities and at the USDA, and to use farm supports to reward farmers for growing a narrow set of crops. Farmers have been using Roundup technology for nearly a generation; they will grope for the next fix to it until our public ag-research complex shows that them there’s a better, cheaper way.

And here’s where we get to the crossroads in our agriculture. If the agrichemical companies manage to ram through the regulatory process a bunch of patches to Roundup Ready farming, then their herbicide-drenched vision will continue dominating huge swathes of prime farmland throughout the country for the foreseeable future. We don’t have to go that way. It’s time to raise hell.

In the graphic below, Penn State ag-scientist David Mortensen and his co-authors lay out what they see as the crossroads facing US agriculture.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136756-67dc400e5cd3c2cddf951e4babc261c1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006222 00000000000 015377  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Oldest known stone axe found in Arnhem Land

Updated

A piece of stone axe found in the Northern Territory has been dated at 35,500 years old, making it the oldest of its type in the world.

The piece has a series of marks which archaeologists say proves it comes from a ground-edge stone axe.

Monash University's Bruno David led the international archaeological team, which made the find during an excavation in Arnhem Land in May.

Dr David says the find shows the Jawoyn people were the first to grind axes to sharpen its edges.

"We could see with the angled light that the rock itself has all these marks on it from people having rubbed it in order to create the ground-edge axe," he said.

"We already knew that the oldest evidence of axes in the world were in the late 20s of thousands of years ago.

"Very soon after that we received a carbon result of 35,500 years ago for that piece."

Dr David says it is an important step in the evolution of modern humans.

"It means that you're creating a tool that is far more efficient than what you had before, and that you also have to create a tool not just through a simple series of actions of hitting against it," he said.

The two-week dig was held at a rock art gallery on the traditional lands of the Jawoyn people.

Lost ancestors

The Jawoyn call it Gabarnmung, which means "hole in the rock", and it is covered in paintings depicting animals and spirits.

The site was rediscovered three years ago and is one of thousands that have been found across Jawoyn country in recent years.

Jawoyn traditional owner Margaret Katherine invited the archaeologists to the site so she could find out more about her lost ancestors.

"They study about rocks and bone and everything and I wanted to know the truth," she said.

"Now that I know the truth I am very happy deep inside."

Jawoyn Association spokesman Preston Lee says it is a find that means a lot to the Jawoyn people.

"We've been told by our elders and our ancestors that we've been in the area for a very long time and now the scientific research come back and now it's saying the same thing we've been saying all along," he said.

"Pride is the best word to say. Everybody is very proud of our heritage and it just goes to show we're out there, we are Jawoyn people, we are proud to be Jawoyn."

Historic partnership

To find out about the discoveries from the excavation, a Jawoyn delegation spent a week at Monash University in Melbourne.

During the visit, the Jawoyn also signed a landmark agreement with the university which allows the archaeologists to continue their research at rock painting and other cultural sites.

Monash University's deputy vice-chancellor, Adam Shoemaker, says it is a partnership where real things will happen.

"This is something very much about the future," he said.

"The document talks about respect, talks about collaboration. It talks about doing things together, it talks about training.

"All of that is something which we really believe in."

Dr David says he is excited to be able to continue the important research at Gabarnmung as well as at other sites in the area.

Topics: archaeology, sacred-sites, human-interest, darwin-0800, australia, nt

First posted                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0136796-93d9fd309c5efa7b59614c36fcb093bd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000022411 00000000000 015300  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Xenotolerance Profile Joined November 2012 United States 464 Posts #301 Don't forget about Team Yeoul who may have submitted without posting in here www.alonetone.com/xenotolerance

The_Templar Profile Blog Joined January 2011 THE FUTURE 52439 Posts #302 Oh yeah, we'll be announcing the prizes some time next week. Moderator I'm actually a

NewSunshine Profile Joined July 2011 United States 3814 Posts #303 On February 12 2015 19:51 Arceus wrote:

So many weird and innovative maps. I hope the prize goes to the likes of Rao Mesa, Korhal Killzone and Neo Emerald Plaza

Other favorites include Lyote, Station 22, Ammonite and Chronograph



Please no more Dual Sight/Daybreak remix with some twists So many weird and innovative maps. I hope the prize goes to the likes of Rao Mesa, Korhal Killzone and Neo Emerald PlazaOther favorites include Lyote, Station 22, Ammonite and ChronographPlease no more Dual Sight/Daybreak remix with some twists

You mean like Standard maps? Maps that should be the cornerstone of any map pool?



Also I don't know what to tell you if you think any recent maps resemble Dual Sight, in any meaningful way. You mean like Standard maps? Maps that should be the cornerstone of any map pool?Also I don't know what to tell you if you think any recent maps resemble Dual Sight, in any meaningful way. "If you find yourself feeling lost, take pride in the accuracy of your feelings." - Night Vale

OtherWorld Profile Blog Joined October 2013 France 17328 Posts #304 On February 13 2015 02:31 NewSunshine wrote:

Show nested quote +

On February 12 2015 19:51 Arceus wrote:

So many weird and innovative maps. I hope the prize goes to the likes of Rao Mesa, Korhal Killzone and Neo Emerald Plaza

Other favorites include Lyote, Station 22, Ammonite and Chronograph



Please no more Dual Sight/Daybreak remix with some twists So many weird and innovative maps. I hope the prize goes to the likes of Rao Mesa, Korhal Killzone and Neo Emerald PlazaOther favorites include Lyote, Station 22, Ammonite and ChronographPlease no more Dual Sight/Daybreak remix with some twists

You mean like Standard maps? Maps that should be the cornerstone of any map pool?



Also I don't know what to tell you if you think any recent maps resemble Dual Sight, in any meaningful way. You mean like Standard maps? Maps that should be the cornerstone of any map pool?Also I don't know what to tell you if you think any recent maps resemble Dual Sight, in any meaningful way.

Don't you see the Dual Sight clone in Pantanal? Pretty obvious to me. Don't you see the Dual Sight clone in Pantanal? Pretty obvious to me. Used Sigs - New Sigs - Cheap Sigs - Buy the Best Cheap Sig near You at www.cheapsigforsale.com

NewSunshine Profile Joined July 2011 United States 3814 Posts #305 I hope that's a joke -.- "If you find yourself feeling lost, take pride in the accuracy of your feelings." - Night Vale

OtherWorld Profile Blog Joined October 2013 France 17328 Posts #306 It is d: Used Sigs - New Sigs - Cheap Sigs - Buy the Best Cheap Sig near You at www.cheapsigforsale.com

SidianTheBard Profile Joined October 2010 United States 2198 Posts Last Edited: 2015-02-12 18:28:20 #308 On February 13 2015 03:18 Uvantak wrote:

Complete Map List





Wrong overview for Korhal, you have my initial version!



+ Show Spoiler +



Wrong overview for Korhal, you have my initial version! Creator of Abyssal Reef, Ascension to Aiur, Battle on the Boardwalk, Habitation Station, Honorgrounds, IPL Darkness Falls, King's Cove, Korhal Carnage Knockout & Moonlight Madness.

Uvantak Profile Blog Joined June 2011 Uruguay 1380 Posts #309 Fixed. I built upon Meavis list and i didn't update much, so if any map is missing or outdated just hit me up. @Kantuva | Mapmaker | KTVMaps.wordpress.com | Check my profile to see my TL map threads, and you can search for KTV in the Custom Games section to play them.

Ej_ Profile Blog Joined January 2013 44306 Posts #310 So many good maps submitted, can't pick a favorite this time.

Good to luck to all and let's pray we get decent ladder map pool next season! "Technically the dictionary has zero authority on the meaning or words" - Rodya

Ragoo Profile Joined March 2010 Germany 2423 Posts #311



Finalist Candidates



Neo Emerald Plaza by Iezael

Sanctuary by Timetwister

Orichalcum by Iezael

Hyperlink by Timetwister

Sol Dios by NewSunshine

Moonlight Madness by SidianTheBard

Daydreams by eTcetRa

Korhal Killzone by SidianTheBard

Station-22 by Ragoo

Rago Mesa by ScorpSCII

Ganymede by Uvantak

Samarra Mines by Uvantak

Operon by NegativeZero

Apotheosis by NegativeZero

Trapped under ice by Mereel







Good Maps

+ Show Spoiler +

Exosphere by NegativeZero

Cassiopeia by Xenotolerance

Demon's Claw by NewSunshine

Winter Station by lefix

Evergreen Terrace by lefix

Echo by Uvantak

Sugar Free by NotAPlexaSmurf

Monterey by Timetwister

Dark Matter by Antares777

Purify by Mereel

Graveside by eTcetRa

Lyote by ScorpSCII

Coda by Iezael

Mossfire by NotAPlexaSmurf

Ancient Realm by Antares777

[Desert Map] by Mereel

Kylskada by eTcetRa

Annihilation Station by Meavis





It's okay

+ Show Spoiler +

Red Space by lefix

Cactus Valley by Ferisii

Brimstone by NewSunshine

Color Crush by SidianTheBard

Paralda by ScorpSCII

Broken Promises by OtherWorld

Alizé by Icetoad



Everything else I didn't rate was either shit, or I missed it (unlikely) or for other reasons (SeinGalton breaking the rules). My rankings for the submissions roughly in order, so the judges know what not to pick:Neo Emerald Plaza by IezaelSanctuary by TimetwisterOrichalcum by IezaelHyperlink by TimetwisterSol Dios by NewSunshineMoonlight Madness by SidianTheBardDaydreams by eTcetRaKorhal Killzone by SidianTheBardStation-22 by RagooRago Mesa by ScorpSCIIGanymede by UvantakSamarra Mines by UvantakOperon by NegativeZeroApotheosis by NegativeZeroTrapped under ice by MereelEverything else I didn't rate was either shit, or I missed it (unlikely) or for other reasons (SeinGalton breaking the rules). Member of TPW mapmaking team/// twitter.com/Ragoo_ /// "goody represents border between explainable reason and supernatural" Cloud

OtherWorld Profile Blog Joined October 2013 France 17328 Posts Last Edited: 2015-02-12 19:12:29 #312 On February 13 2015 03:31 Uvantak wrote:

Fixed. I built upon Meavis list and i didn't update much, so if any map is missing or outdated just hit me up.

You have the wrong overview for mine as well, this is the correct one.

+ Show Spoiler + You have the wrong overview for mine as well, this is the correct one. Used Sigs - New Sigs - Cheap Sigs - Buy the Best Cheap Sig near You at www.cheapsigforsale.com

IeZaeL Profile Joined July 2012 Italy 962 Posts #313 Since ragoo already narrowed the list a lot , I'll list my own dream finalists!



Daydreams by eTcetRa

Apotheosis by -NegativeZero-

Exosphere by -NegativeZero-

Neo Emerald Plaza by IeZaeL

Echo by Kappatak

Paralda by ScorpSCII

Sol Dios by NewSunshine



I have no shame in putting my map into the list Author of Coda and Eastwatch.

TheSkunk Profile Joined September 2010 82 Posts #314 I kind of hope there is an honorary mention for maps with cool or unique visuals like Color Crush and -Phoenix-, I think it would be nice if they were recognized even if the maps weren't good enough to make it to the finals.

OtherWorld Profile Blog Joined October 2013 France 17328 Posts #315 On February 13 2015 04:22 TheSkunk wrote:

I kind of hope there is an honorary mention for maps with cool or unique visuals like Color Crush and -Phoenix-, I think it would be nice if they were recognized even if the maps weren't good enough to make it to the finals.

If Phoenix doesn't get on ladder this TLMC is officialy a joke If Phoenix doesn't get on ladder this TLMC is officialy a joke Used Sigs - New Sigs - Cheap Sigs - Buy the Best Cheap Sig near You at www.cheapsigforsale.com

TheSkunk Profile Joined September 2010 82 Posts #316 You're not doing it right OtherWorld, you have to promise to eat an article of clothing like your hat or shoe if it doesn't make it!

Aquila- Profile Blog Joined April 2011 515 Posts #317 Why are the thirds impossible to take on almost all maps? Map makers clearly play Zerg?

Jer99 Profile Blog Joined April 2011 Canada 8155 Posts #318 You guys will see my list soon enough :D Strategy TaeJa #1 || @TL_Jer99 || "seeker seeked out his seeking"

OtherWorld Profile Blog Joined October 2013 France 17328 Posts #319 On February 13 2015 04:27 Aquila- wrote:

Why are the thirds impossible to take on almost all maps? Map makers clearly play Zerg?

Because this TLMC is a conspiracy led by dirty Zerg mapmakers to make the life of every non-Z a nightmare. All of this being orchestrated by The_Templar (who is in fact The_Infestor) and Plexa. Because this TLMC is a conspiracy led by dirty Zerg mapmakers to make the life of every non-Z a nightmare. All of this being orchestrated by The_Templar (who is in fact The_Infestor) and Plexa. Used Sigs - New Sigs - Cheap Sigs - Buy the Best Cheap Sig near You at www.cheapsigforsale.com

-NegativeZero- Profile Joined August 2011 United States 2066 Posts #320 On February 13 2015 04:27 Aquila- wrote:

Why are the thirds impossible to take on almost all maps? Map makers clearly play Zerg?

because unnecessarily easy (aka "standard") 3rds lead to boring games because unnecessarily easy (aka "standard") 3rds lead to boring games i maek map

Prev 1 14 15 16 17 18 Next All                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0136760-e8050db41a70447568b7e0f1e5ce55bf.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002175 00000000000 015116  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The LCD Soundsystem producer teams up with the director again, for the movie starring Ben Stiller and Beastie Boys' AdRock

James Murphy will collaborate with Noah Baumbach again to write the score for the director’s new film While We’re Young.

The film, according to The Film Stage tells a story of a middle-aged couple whose career and marriage breaks down when a younger couple come into their lives. It stars Ben Stiller and Naomi Watts in the lead roles, along with Amanda Seyfried, Adam Driver and Beastie Boys’ Adam (AdRock) Horovitz.

Murphy and Baumbach previously worked together on 2010’s Greenberg, which also starred Stiller.

Among his many musical projects, Murphy recently brought his Despacio soundsystem – a collaboration with Soulwax duo David and Stephen Dewaele – to Glastonbury Festival. Murphy put together the huge rig with John Klett, a veteran New York sound guru who helped build his former DFA Records studio.

Back in February, Murphy also revealed a brief preview of his plan to make every New York subway station have its own music, so that people will later associate each location with a specific sound.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0136831-88678a5dc17e83202c1dedf195caf040.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010707 00000000000 015117  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Sleeping Beauty is one of our very favorite Disney animated classics. It doesn’t look like any other animated film (ever) and that bold stylization translates into idiosyncratic story choices. As such, we wanted to take a look back at the movie’s long and involved production and release, searching for things that, even the biggest Sleeping Beauty devotee might have missed (possibly while sleeping).

1. It took a long time to make.



When Sleeping Beauty was released in theaters in 1959, it was advertised as being “six years in the making,” except that wasn’t exactly true, since work was formally underway on the project way back in 1951. This was an expensive, time-intensive production, full of opulent design work and complex technology (more on that in a minute). And Walt himself, who had originally envisioned the project as his masterpiece, became disinterested and distant as he became more involved in his California theme park. This also explains why …

2. Sleeping Beauty Castle was used as a promotional tool.



Disneyland opened in 1955, almost four years before Sleeping Beauty was released. That means there were almost four years of visiting tourists asking, “What is that castle from?” Eventually, in 1957, a walkthrough exhibit was installed in the castle. But what is really cool is that since the film was still in production when the exhibit was installed, it featured some sequences that didn’t make it into the final version of the film. It was like a living collection of deleted scenes.

3. It was the last animated film to feature traditionally inked cels.



The films that would come after Sleeping Beauty would employ then cutting-edge Xerox technology to make cels, which is a somewhat less painterly process but allowed for the animators’ line drawings to actually make their way to the big screen.

4. Several characters from Sleeping Beauty also appear in Who Framed Roger Rabbit.



Maleficent has been utilized in a number of scenarios, including the Kingdom Hearts videogame, fireworks shows and, of course, her own spin-off movie, but Maleficent’s little goblin henchmen appear in the Maroon Cartoon studio lot in Who Framed Roger Rabbit, and the bluebirds from the film appear to circle either Roger Rabbit or Eddie Valiant’s heads in two separate sequences.

5. The film is very similar to the fairy tale, except with fewer fairies.



While the story for Sleeping Beauty is based largely (and rather faithfully) to the 17th century Charles Perrault fairy tale (translated into “The Beauty Sleeping in the Wood”), one of the major changes is that there were originally seven fairies, reduced down to three. It’s a fairy tale with fewer fairies.

6. It was the last animated Disney fairy tale movie until The Little Mermaid.



The initial box office disappointment of Sleeping Beauty led to the studio holding off on producing another animated fairy tale until The Little Mermaid 30 years later. That’s a long time for the Disney princesses to be asleep.

7. It was screened in a giant format.



One of the bigger technological challenges on Sleeping Beauty involved the film being released in Super Technirama 70 mm, meaning the artists could achieve a higher level of detail and stylization since they were drawing on giant pieces of paper the size of bed sheets. Of course, since the movie took so long to develop, by the time it was released, 70 mm had largely fallen out of favor and it was mainly released in standard 35 mm, robbing many theatrical exhibitions of the grandeur that Walt and the artists had intended.

8. The theatrical release was accompanied by an experimental, Oscar-winning live-action short.



Accompanying Sleeping Beauty’s theatrical release was a 29-minute experimental live action short called Grand Canyon that was based on a 1929 musical suite composed by American pianist Ferde Grofe. More a live-action segment of Fantasia than an actual documentary short, it contained no dialogue or narration. Its boldness was rewarded, however, when it won an Academy Award. Walt was obviously a fan of the Grand Canyon; it debuted in Disneyland the year before Sleeping Beauty was released (see above).

9. It was re-released 4 times.



Sleeping Beauty would eventually make money; all in it wound up being the second most profitable movie of 1959 (after Ben-Hur). But this was only after several splashy theatrical rereleases (in 1970, 1979, 1986 and 1995).

Do you know any Sleeping Beauty trivia? Tell us in the comments!

Posted 4 years Ago                                                         0136751-ec678e5e9d0f50310e9268bf8420628f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000025270 00000000000 015001  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Donald Trump deflected charges from Hillary Clinton that he was Russia’s “puppet” while blasting Clinton for her Middle East policy on Wednesday night in the third and final debate before the November 8 election.

Neither candidate appeared to make inroads into each others’ supporters as they at times angrily reiterated positions they’ve taken throughout the campaign. Clinton goes into the election with leads in key states, making her the favourite three weeks from now.

In what was another highly contentious match, the candidates clashed in Nevada on a number of foreign policy issues, including the operation to liberate Mosul, U.S. policy in Syria and relations with Iran.

Trump’s position on Russia again took centre stage. Clinton has been under fire for damaging revelations in her campaign chairman’s emails, which have been published by Wikileaks. To deflect attention from them, Clinton and U.S. intelligence claim, without producing proof, that the “highest levels” of the Russian government are responsible for the hacked emails in an effort to help Trump get elected. Evidence is evidently not required when it comes to blaming Russia.

Sparks Fly

Clinton’s charge sparked a dramatic exchange. “What’s really important about Wikileaks is that the Russian government has engaged in espionage against Americans,” she charged. “They have hacked American websites, American accounts of private people, of institutions, then they have given that information to Wikileaks,” she said.

“This has come from the highest levels of the Russian government, clearly from [President Vladimir] Putin himself, in an effort, as 17 of our intelligence agencies have confirmed, to influence our election,” Clinton said.

“Will Donald Trump admit and condemn that the Russians are doing this and make it clear that he will not have the help of Putin in this election?” she asked.

Trump responded by saying that Clinton had “no idea” if it was Russia, China or anyone else who had hacked into the accounts. Some former U.S. intelligence officials contend that the emails were leaked, rather than hacked.

The Republican candidate said he favoured good U.S.-Russian relations and that the two countries should form an alliance to fight ISIS. “I don’t know Putin,” Trump said “He said nice things about me. If we got along well, that would be good. If Russia and the United States got along well and went after ISIS, that would be good. [Putin] has no respect for [Clinton].”

“Well, that’s because [Putin would] rather have a puppet as president,” Clinton shot back.

“You’re the puppet,” Trump interjected.

“You are willing to spout the Putin line,” Clinton retorted, “sign up for his wish list, rake up NATO, do whatever he wants to do, and that you continue to get help from him because he has a very clear favourite in this race.”

If Russia prefers Trump it is probably because he wants dialogue with Moscow, while Clinton has called Putin “Hitler” and made bellicose statements towards the country.

The U.S. and Russia on September 9 concluded such a deal that Trump wants to jointly fight ISIS but it collapsed after the U.S. said it “accidentally” killed about 80 Syrian soldiers near Deir ez-Zor in Syria.

“She doesn’t like Putin because Putin has outsmarted her at every step of the way,” Trump said. “All you have to do is look at the Middle East. They’ve taken over. We’ve spent $6 trillion. [Russia has] taken over the Middle East. She has been outsmarted and outplayed worse than anybody I’ve ever seen in any government whatsoever.”

At one point Trump said Russian had “taken over territory” in Syria, though Russia has no ground troops in the country, a statement that shows Trump’s shaky command of facts.

Clinton again recklessly called for a safe area and a no-fly zone in Syria, though the chairman of the U.S. joint chiefs of staff, Gen. Joseph Dunford, told Congress this month that that would mean war with Russia. And in one of her leaked emails she admitted a no-fly zone would “kill a lot of Syrians.”

At Odds Over Mosul

The two candidates also sharply disagreed on the operation launched this week by the Iraqi Army, the Kurdish peshmerga and Shiite-dominated militia to retake Mosul from ISIS.

Trump blamed Clinton for pulling U.S. troops out of Iraq when she was secretary of state. “We had Mosul,” said Trump said though he insists he opposed the 2003 invasion. “But when she left, she took everybody out, we lost Mosul. Now we’re fighting again to get Mosul.”

Without going into details, Trump said Iran would benefit most by the liberation of Mosul. “Iran should write us a thank you letter,” he said. “As I said many years ago, Iran is taking over Iraq. Something they’ve wanted to do forever. But we’ve made it so easy for them.”

Trump also claimed that ISIS leaders had already fled the Iraqi city because the U.S. had incorrectly advertised the operation months in advance. “Whatever happened to the element of surprise?” Trump said.

Clinton rejected Trump’s allegation that the timing of the Mosul attack was aimed at helping her get elected. “I’m just amazed that he seems to think that the Iraqi government and our allies and everybody else launched the attack on Mosul to help me in this election,” she said.

Victory in Mosul would boost Barack Obama’s legacy, that vanity outgoing presidents become obsessed with. It would also undermine Trump’s argument that the Clinton-Obama policies in Iraq have failed.

“We need to go after the leadership, but we need to get rid … of their fighters, their estimated several thousand fighters in Mosul,” Clinton said. “They’ve been digging underground. They’ve been prepared to defend. It’s going to be tough fighting. I think we can take back Mosul and move on into Syria and take Raqqah”, ISIS’s stronghold there.

Trump landed a few zingers, exposing Clinton’s hypocrisy in defending women’s rights while cozying up to the Saudis. He pointed out that Saudi Arabia had given $25 million to the Clinton Foundation. “You talk about women and women’s rights. So these are people that push gays off buildings. These are people that kill women and treat women horribly. And yet you take their money. So I’d like to ask you right now why don’t you give back the money that you have taken from certain countries that treat certain groups of people so horribly? Why don’t you give back the money?” Trump said.

Domestic Differences

The debate then moved on to other topics, but there were no questions about climate change, government surveillance of citizens, energy policy, police violence or tension in the South China Sea.

On domestic issues, the candidates disagreed on abortion, guns, immigration, health care and the economy. Trump and Clinton differed on abortion, with Clinton supporting Roe v. Wade, the Supreme Court decision making it legal nationally, while Trump wants the individual states to decide.

Trump strongly defended the Second Amendment of the U.S. Constitution, which gives Americans the right to own guns, while Clinton said that right should be limited by government regulation. This is one of Clinton’s strongest points.

Trump again called for mass deportation of undocumented immigrants while Clinton said they should be offered a path to citizenship. On health care, Clinton defended Obama’s national plan, while Trump again vowed to scrap it but again didn’t say what he’d replace it with.

And on the economy Trump said he wants to cut taxes on all Americans including the wealthiest, while Clinton said she’d make the rich and big corporations pay “their fair share.” It will certainly bear watching whether she follows through on this pledge should she win, given her very strong ties to Wall Street.

Then Trump made the remark that sent the corporate media into hysteria. He said he wouldn’t know until the election results were in whether he would accept them as free and fair. Over the past week he’s repeatedly warned that the election process would be “rigged.”

The 2000 and 2004 elections were marred by evidence of election fraud and a close result in three weeks could again open the results to contention.

Circling the Class Wagons



Corporate media, which has decided it is their imperative to defend their class interests and those of their bosses, and not practice journalism, led all of their broadcasts and front pages with this remark in their best display of herd mentality. They are reading into this that Trump will use violence to prevent the sacred “democratic transfer of power.” Yet given what happened in Florida and Ohio it is a completely reasonable position for Trump to take.

Feeling threatened by the anger in the land their policies have created, the Establishment has circled the wagons around Clinton, whose comments in a speech and in leaked emails reveal her disdain for ordinary Americans.

Class anger has underscored the entire 2106 campaign. Americans who have suffered under neoliberalism since Ronald Reagan are fighting back. Unfortunately, they have yet to find the right leader. Sanders was certainly on the right track, railing against Wall Street, the trade deals, college debt and other issues, and he was without Trump’s baggage. But he promised to support Clinton (and save his standing in a deeply corrupt Democratic Party), rather than become head of the Green Party ticket to make a viable independent run, taking votes from both Clinton and Trump.

Trump is the wrong leader because he’s a billionaire demagogue whose commitment to the interests of the ruined middle class are untested. For instance he wants tax cuts for people as rich as he is, peddling the lie that that will create jobs. Demand creates jobs and that means putting money in people’s pockets. He denies climate change and wants to expand torture, and he’s shown extreme intolerance towards Mexicans and Muslims.

There’s been overkill on the story, but Trump’s sexual misconduct certainly undermines his character. His strongest suit has been his foreign policy rhetoric, especially regarding Russia, but even that is flawed, for instance when he accused Russia of taking over the Middle East and “territory” in Syria. And he wants to increase military spending when the U.S. spends as much as the next ten countries. He has talked about Japan and South Korea getting nuclear weapons, as Clinton pointed out in the debate.

And when Trump is right on a point he fails to make the right arguments. He never demanded to see the evidence against Russia, and never presented evidence showing the Obama-Clinton foreign policy team’s role in fostering the rise of ISIS,

It’s going to be a very long four years as we wait to see if America will explode in social unrest.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0136883-dd070009a5e5976acec30558a1d8bd81.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014571 00000000000 015123  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        California continues to stay at the nation-leading edge of legal activity concerning marijuana use.

In 1996 it passed the first national initiative to make marijuana available by prescription to relieve pain, nausea, and other physical maladies. In July of this year, Oakland became – by a wide margin (80 percent to 20) – the first US city to assess a tax on the sale of marijuana.

Now, a new initiative that will allow local governments to oversee and regulate cultivation, distribution, and sales – and to determine how and how much cannabis can be bought and sold within area limits – will be on the November 2010 ballot. National advocates say that regardless of the vote – signature gathering went fast and easy, according to reports – a major corner has been turned in national acceptance of marijuana use.

“Regardless of what the voters decide in 2010, the genie is not going back in the bottle,” says Paul Armentano, deputy director for the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML). “A majority of west coast voters, and an estimated one-half of the national public, are demanding that we replace our nation’s seven-decade-long policy of marijuana prohibition with one of controlled regulation, taxation, and education.”

Armentano says the citizen’s initiative is evidence that despite the growing public support for marijuana reform, a majority of elected officials still perceive the issue to be a political liability rather than an opportunity.

“As a result, it will be the voters, not the politicians, who will ultimately determine the direction of our nation’s modern marijuana policies,” he says.

Other states take up the issue

The California initiative comes amidst a flurry of activity nationally in the past two months after nearly two-decades of inactivity, according to Bruce Mirken, director of communications for the Marijuana Policy Project in Washington D. C., which advocates legalization of marijuana. California has a legislative bill in the offing, he says, as does Washington State while New Hampshire has recently introduced a bill and Rhode Island has adopted a commission to study ideas.

“There are signs all over the place that this has reached critical mass,” says Mirken, citing the photograph of Olympic superstar Michael Phelps last summer. He also says that law enforcement agencies have begun to realize the high cost of arresting, trying, and incarcerating marijuana users – money that could be better spent elsewhere. [Editor's note: The original version of this story mischaracterized the situation involving Mr. Phelps.]

“There is growing recognition that through our policies of prohibition, we have not stopped people from using marijuana, but rather handed this lucrative consumer market to some rather unsavory characters, including Mexican gangs,” says Mirken. “There’s a reason you don’t see Mexican wine cartels planting fields of cabernet sauvignon in Sequoia National Park, and people are beginning to understand that there really is a fundamental irrationality to laws that tolerate the far more dangerous substance of alcohol.”

Substance abuse activists say the headlong rush to legalization in this initiative has other motivations that ripple out in negative ways.

“Proponents of the proposed legislation are using the California fiscal crisis to say this will be a revenue-generating solution,” says Jim Hall, Director of the Center for the Study and Prevention of Drug Abuse at Nova Southeastern University in Ft. Lauderdale, Fla. “What has been largely ignored in the legalization meta-debate, however, is the impact the legislation could have on young people.”

“We have developed a clear model with alcohol, but when we debate the legalization of marijuana, we don’t address the potential lifelong impact that earlier and easier access will have on young people,” says Hall. “While the proposed legislation might generate a few tax dollars, we need to ask what the cost to society will be for a whole generation exposed to the risk of lifelong substance abuse.”

'Right of passage' for adolescents?

He says there needs to be a better way to change patterns of marijuana use as a rite of passage for adolescents. “Clearly, affording legal access distorts the message of why young people should not use marijuana. If it’s legal, what’s the big deal? So goes the mindset.”

Hall points out that for the last 20 years, nearly two-thirds of all first-time marijuana users have been below the age of 18. Statistics also show that the younger a person begins marijuana use, the greater the risk of substance abuse later in life, he says. Therefore, it’s important to ask a host of questions: Who is going to determine or regulate how marijuana is produced and distributed? Who will it be distributed by? How is the state going to collect the taxes? Will it really have an impact on the illicit trafficking and production of marijuana? Will this lead to proposals to legalize other drugs?

“This is a largely unexplored policy that raises important questions and potentially dire social risks,” says Hall. “Before changing policy, let’s honestly and thoroughly explore these questions.”

Initiative advocates point to safeguards

Dan Newman, spokesman for the proposed Regulate, Control and Tax Cannabis Act, counters that the initiative does includes significant safeguards and controls. For example, it will increase the penalty for providing marijuana to a minor, expressly prohibit the consumption of marijuana in public, forbids smoking marijuana while minors are present, and bans possession on school grounds.

He also says that studies by state tax experts – the Board of Equalization and the Legislative Analyst Office – show that the initiative will generate billions of dollars in revenue to fund schools, public safety, and other critical needs at a time when the state is desperate for resources.

“For those reasons, and the fact that most Californians understand that the current drug laws aren’t working, several recent polls show the initiative [will win] support from a majority of voters," says Newman. “We’re building a broad and diverse coalition that includes law enforcement professionals who understand that regulating marijuana will put street drug dealers and organized crime out of business, while allowing police to focus on protecting the public by preventing violent crime.”

-----

Follow us on Twitter.                                                                                                                                       0136851-50138aa35c133c975be2095c8fb49a72.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002041 00000000000 014745  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Story highlights Special Forces could be used for more counterterrorism operations

Military options could include increasing the training, advising and assisting of moderate forces

Washington (CNN) The Obama administration is holding internal discussions on military options if the ceasefire in Syria fails, including the possibility of increasing the number of Special Forces on the ground in Syria, though no decision has been made, a senior U.S. official told CNN.

Other potential options include training and assisting local forces, recruiting help from other countries and establishing a no-fly zone or safe zone for refugees.

The options are part of the so-called Plan B should the ceasefire that takes effect this weekend falls apart, the official said.

So far, "Plan B" is more an idea than a specific course of action and nothing has yet been agreed to, several administration officials said.

Special Forces could be used for more counterterrorism operations, as well as increase work with moderate opposition forces on the ground.

Read More                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0136856-a29726a16f5287ffea696337dc32904c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005237 00000000000 015005  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Manama: Prosecutors in the Saudi capital Riyadh are looking into the death of a seven-year-old girl from the violence inflicted on her by her father.

Yara died reportedly a few hours before Eid Al Adha, the Feast of Sacrifice, one of the most auspicious occasions for celebrations by children in the Islamic world.

“The family conflicts between men and my former husband had led to our separation,” Yara’s mother said. “Yara moved in with me and I took care of her until she reached seven. Her father refused to allow her to live with me and three months ago, she went to live with him in Riyadh as per the regulations. She did not wish to move in with him, and she was very unhappy,” she told Saudi daily Al Watan.

According to a statement by one of the prosecutors to the mother, Yara on the day of her death was beaten up by a hose and a cane.

“He used a hose that he snatched from the air-conditioning unit and beat her all over her body. They believe that the fatal blow occurred when he hit her hard on the head,” the mother said. “He started beating her simply because she told him that she did not love him. He was furious and locked her inside a room. She burst into tears and had an uncontrollable crying fit. When he unlocked the room, he noticed she was in a bad condition and drove her to hospital. However, she died on the way,” the mother said.

The father reportedly attributed the beating to his wish to “educate” her. A lab test proved the father was not on drugs.

“The case is still being probed and the investigation is moving as per the rules and regulations until the file reaches the stage of the court,” Saeed Al Qahtani, the mother’s lawyer, said. “Prosecutors have been listening to all parties concerned, and they have covered a lot of ground. We are now waiting for the final medical report and for the prosecutors’ charges,” he said.

Social media users said they were shocked by the savage violence inflicted on a seven-year-old girl, and called for stringent action against the father.

“This is a most heinous crime and the criminal should be buried alive,” Abu Nawas said.

According to Noora, the punishment should be severe and prompt. “People spend the day before Eid praying and supplicating God, and this criminal used it to kill his innocent daughter. He should be put to death without delays,” she said.

Another user, writing under the moniker of Father, said that he was appalled by the crime.

“Some hearts have hardened beyond hope for repair and some people have turned into evil forces devoid of feelings and emotions,” he posted. “May God grant Yara eternal peace and may this criminal be punished severely,” he said.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0136892-dddfe15bccead5db575a4e96d5d4b527.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005026 00000000000 015567  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        English [ edit ]

Etymology [ edit ]

From Latin valētūdinārius, from valetudo (“state of health, health, ill health”), from valere (“to be strong or well”) +‎ -an

Pronunciation [ edit ]

IPA (key) : /ˌvæ.lə.ˌtuː.də.ˈnɛɹ.i.ən/

: Audio (US)

Adjective [ edit ]

valetudinarian (comparative more valetudinarian, superlative most valetudinarian)

sickly, infirm, of ailing health The valetudinarian habit of discussing his health had grown on Rose... -- Florence Anne Sellar MacCunn, Sir Walter Scott's Friends, 1910, p. 234 Macaulay The virtue which the world wants is a healthful virtue, not a valetudinarian virtue. being overly worried about one's health

Synonyms [ edit ]

Translations [ edit ]

Noun [ edit ]

valetudinarian (plural valetudinarians)

A person in poor health or sickly, especially one who is constantly obsessed with their state of health The most uninformed mind, with a healthy body, is happier than the wisest valetudinarian. -- Thomas Jefferson to Thomas Mann Randolph, July 6, 1787 in The Works of Thomas Jefferson, Paul Leicester Ford (ed.), Vol. 5, pp. 300-01 (NY: 1904). 1950, Mervyn Peake, Gormenghast Are you a mere valetudinarian, my dear Ladyship, or some prolific mendicant whose bewitched offspring she hopes I can return to human shape? The evil of the actual disparity in their ages (and Mr. Woodhouse had not married early) was much increased by his constitution and habits; for having been a valetudinarian all his life, without activity of mind or body, he was a much older man in ways than in years; and though everywhere beloved for the friendliness of his heart and his amiable temper, his talents could not have recommended him at any time. Jane Austen, Emma, Vol. I, Ch.1 (1815). She affected to be spunky about her ailments and afflictions, but she was in fact an utterly self-centered valetudinarian (Louis Auchincloss) The American Heritage Dictionary The cuisine, of course, would not be such as would raise water bubbles in the mouth of a valetudinarian; the carniverous propensity will mostly be gratified by steak which, when cut, will resemble the Mudhook Yacht Club burgee of rouge et noir; and savory soups and luscious salmon will be luxuries only obtainable in "cannister" form. -- Dixon Kemp, A Manual of Yacht and Boat Sailing (4th Ed.), 1884.

Synonyms [ edit ]

Derived terms [ edit ]

Translations [ edit ]

person obsessed with state of health French: hypocondriaque (fr) m

Greek: υποχόνδριος (el) m ( ypochóndrios ) (ypochóndrios) Spanish: hipocondríaco (es) m

Synonyms [ edit ]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136865-7a3a4d3e26e67202ad41b2fc5c7d5512.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006472 00000000000 015111  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        So often we see angry young people in conflict. Here are 10 who are peace-building:

Emma Watson, UK. Actress Emma Watson became a UN Ambassador for Goodwill at the age of 24. When her speech for the HeforShe campaign went viral her passion for women’s rights rsonated with advocates around the world. (Photo by Kingsley Huang, CC)

Victor Ochen, Uganda. Victor grew up surrounded by conflict in the Lira district in northern Uganda, but he chose to be a peace activist. He was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize and is a UN Global Goals Ambassador. His organization, the African Youth Initiative Network (Ayinet), helps thousands of victims of the Ugandan civil war get treatment and overcome the traumas of the war. (Photo by U.S. Institute of Peace, CC)

Nino Nanitashvili, Georgia. Nino has dedicated her career to peacebuilding and development through evolving technologies. She founded the first technology-oriented professional community in Georgia and directs a project that brings Georgian and Abkhazian youth together through online games. (Photo by the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs)

Chris Eigeland, Australia. Chris is the Australian youth representative to the UN, founder of The Schoolbag initiative, and director of Global Voices – a not-for-profit providing pathways for young Australians to contribute to international diplomacy. (Photo by UnYouth)

Omang Agarwal, India. Omang is the Asia Representative for the Commonwealth Youth Peace Ambassadors Network. He founded Youth for Peace International and is a big believer in peace through education. (Photo by Your Commonwealth)

Khalida Brohi, Pakistan. Khalida is the founder of Sughar Women (now Sughar Empowerment Foundation), a nonprofit empowering women in 23 villages across Pakistan. Through a six-month course with Sughar, women gain business skills and graduates get small loans to start businesses and help connecting to markets. (Photo by TEDX)

Ahmad Shakib Mohsanyar, Afghanistan. Ahmad wants to counter the narrative that youth need to leave Afghanistan to improve their lives. He founded a social media campaign titled “Afghanistan Needs You”, which strives to make Afghanistan a better place for young people. (Photo by Kelsey Brannan ECAPASC US Department of State)

Esra’a Al Shafei, Bahrain. Esra’a is an advocate for freedom of speech and civil rights. She founded Mideast Youth, an online forum that amplifies the voices of dissent in the Middle East and North Africa, to promote social justice. (Photo by TEDX)

Basel Almadhoun, Palestinian Territories. Basel believes debates can change people’s ways of thinking, so he organises debates in Gaza. He received wide-spread media attention for his work organizing TEDx talks in Gaza to bring dialogue to a wider audience. (Photo by Kelsey Brannan, ECA/PASC, U.S. Department of State)

Malala Yousafzai and Shiza Shahid, Pakistan. You have no doubt heard of Malala, the young woman shot by the Taliban who went on to found The Malala Fund, but you also need to know about the fund’s co-founder and CEO Shiza. She has been beside Malala through it all, and is a driving force behind the fund’s good works. (Photo by Shiza Shahid)

All around the world, youth like these are working for peace right now to build a better future.

Reprinted with permission from Peace News.

Get Your Friends Inspired – Click To Share                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136888-8cb27481a64a0211d758d28f4223366f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017115 00000000000 014630  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In September 2012, writer-illustrator Andrew Hussie – the man behind the long-running, lengthy and popular Homestuck webcomic series – announced a Kickstarter project, to raise funds for a video game set in his universe. It hit the $700,000 (about Rs. 4.48 crores) funding goal in less than two days, and had amassed over $2.4 million (about Rs. 15.37 crores) by the time the Kickstarter closed, making it the most successful comic-related campaign of all time.

But it ran into some problems, like many other major crowdfunding projects. The point-and-click adventure Homestuck game failed to deliver on time, missing its intended release period multiple times. By June 2014, the original release date put forth in 2012, it didn’t even have a name. Instead, Hussie announced that development was moving from an outside studio to the illustrator's in-house company, What Pumpkin.

In October that year, the game got a name, Hiveswap, along with the news that there would be two episodic games (the aforementioned Hiveswap, and a second one called Hauntswitch), which would have parallels between them, but could be played in either order, with your saved games carried over. More than a year later, Hussie posted an update saying it was moving away from the 3D graphics shown in the Kickstarter teaser, to a 2D system, for cost-efficiency and quicker production schedule.

Last year, a new release date was announced: January 2017; a date the game clearly missed. Things changed just a little over two weeks ago, with Hussie marking September 14 as the launch date for the first of two episodes. This time the developer is keeping its word, with Hiveswap: Act 1 now available for Windows and macOS.

The game is set in the world of Homestuck, but it has its own characters, and a storyline that is only loosely tied to the comics. You begin your adventure as a teenager in 1994 named Joey Claire, the elder sister of a nerdy boy called Jude Harley. The difference is last names is owing to the death of their mother, with Joey adopting her maiden name in her memory. Their father, described as a man who likes shooting and stuffing animals, is rarely at home.

What begins as a quaint day in the backyard of their sprawling mansion turns into creepy horror minutes later when a serpent-like monster shows up out of nowhere, chasing Joey into her room upstairs, while Jude escapes to his geeky treehouse. More monsters - each with a hideous green eye - show up later adding to your troubles.

Stuck in your room, you must figure out a way to contact your brother, and how to survive the day. Being a point-and-click adventure, gameplay in Hiveswap mostly consists of observing your environment, and clicking objects to figure out if you can do anything with them. In other words, moving your mouse around until it changes into a hand cursor.

While most items have a "look" option, some can be opened, searched, or fiddled with. This allows you to obtain things you need to progress in-game, be it taking out batteries out of a busted radio to put them in a flashlight, or getting milk out of a fridge to serve it to a "deercat", a fictional monster that Joey meets on an alien planet later in the game.

The puzzles also extend to keenly reading or picking up clues on sheets of paper in your immediate surroundings, and then using those to figure out your next move. But these puzzles are rarely ever complex, and you won't likely be scratching your brain at any moment during the first act of Hiveswap. If anything, we were left wishing that solutions weren't always as obvious as they seemed, since the 90s point-and-click games Hiveswap is based on were renowned for their convoluted logic.

And then there are the game's combat sections – Hiveswap calls these "strife" – which are triggered whenever you come across a monster. Except they don't resemble combat in the traditional sense, as you'll be tasked with figuring out a way to escape your precarious situation, which makes them another type of puzzle really. They could consist of tap-dancing and ballet (Joey likes to dance), or throwing treats or kitchen spices to distract a monster.

Comic first, game second

Hiveswap benefits from Hussie's experience as an illustrator, and the game's backgrounds are vibrant, colourful, and rich in detail. And Undertale developer Toby Fox has contributed to the game's music (because Hussie has worked with him before on Homestuck), which adds to the atmosphere of creepiness in parts.

On the story front, there are definitely some interesting nuggets of mystery and intrigue – at the centre of which is a portal that causes Joey and an unseen alien troll, who will be seen in Hauntswitch, to swap places – but it takes too long to get there. For what it's worth, it's bolstered by the kind of self-aware and self-referential dialogue that Hussie has shown with Homestuck, though that too can get tedious.

The bigger problem though is that Hiveswap suffers from a terrible imbalance on nearly every front, be it the art, music, or gameplay. While everything is brightly coloured, the central protagonist Joey wears only grey and black, and her face is completely white. Yes, it might be in keeping with the webcomic's look, but that doesn't make it appealing. The facial animations have their own issues, with the expressions not always corresponding to the situation the characters find themselves in.

Moreover, while most things are drawn in a modern style, others are pixelated as a homage to 8-bit years, which creates a rather jarring experience. It's possible that the game's switch from 3D to 2D had something to do with this, and it comes in the way of Hiveswap coming across as a "love letter to 90s adventure games", when compared to other games such as Thimbleweed Park, whose full retro tilt made you feel right at home.

Meanwhile, the game's music is organised into collections depending on what room you're currently in, rather than what section of the game you're playing. While that might work in an open-world scenario, it ends up being disorienting in a serialised story like Hiveswap, as you're never quite sure what mood it's trying to create. The game also suffers from terrible sound transitions, as moments of gameplay that intercut with cutscenes are devoid of any cohesion.

All those troubles contribute towards what feels like a unpolished experience, or one that's been cobbled together with no central vision. It almost feels like Hussie story-boarded the entire game as though he were making any other Homestuck comic, and then asked game developers to stitch it together to create Hiveswap.

That's in addition to the game's technical troubles, which includes no autosave function, the lack of keyboard support, and support for 16:9 resolutions only. In 2017, those are unacceptable compromises, the most egregious of which is the first. During our first playthrough, we assumed that Hiveswap would naturally have autosave, only to return the next day to find out our progress had disappeared.

Ultimately, Hiveswap is a let-down for fans of point-and-click adventure games, but much more so for fans of Homestuck, especially for those that contributed the millions that went towards its making. Some will just be happy with another addition in their beloved universe, but Hussie's newest creation is not just a far cry from its initial promise – it's also not enjoyable.

Pros:

Colourful background art

Self-aware adventure story

Cons:

Tonal imbalance in art, music

Puzzles are humdrum

No cohesive vision

Lack of autosave, keyboard support

Rating (out of 10): 5

Gadgets 360 played a review copy of Hiveswap on PC. The game is available via Steam for Windows and macOS at $7.99 (about Rs. 500).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0136866-8cf9a4163af1bf3bd7664611b0d27362.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007247 00000000000 015045  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In a span of just more than 13 seconds, redshirt freshman Devon Allen cemented his status as a player to watch when the Oregon Ducks open the season this fall.

The nimble wide receiver won the 110-meter hurdles title this weekend in the NCAA track and field championships at Hayward Field, surprising even his track coach.

Article continues below ...

Allen leaned in to finish two-hundredths of a second in front of USC senior Aleec Harris, then thrust his hands into the air in victory.

”I tried to show no emotion, but I had to,” he said. ”I was just really excited to win and to score some points for my team.”

His time of 13.16 seconds set a record for the NCAA championships, besting Olympic gold medalist Aries Merritt’s mark of 13.21 set in 2006 for Tennessee. Allen is the first freshman to win the national title in the event since San Jose State’s Dedy Cooper in 1976.

Allen also has the fastest collegiate time since Renaldo Nehemiah set the NCAA record of 13.0 in 1979 while running for Maryland.

On top of that, Allen’s victory in the event propelled the Ducks to the team’s first national championship since 1984. Top-ranked Oregon finished with 88 points, 18 ahead of runner-up Florida.

While Allen reveled in the Ducks’ team victory, he already was looking forward to football season.

”I had a good day today,” Allen said after his run. ”But it’s still football first for now.”

Allen first grabbed attention during the Ducks’ annual spring game in early May, catching a pair of touchdowns and earning MVP honors.

Oregon needs him. Josh Huff, who set an Oregon record with 1,140 yards receiving last season, has graduated along with fellow receiver Daryle Hawkins. And De’Anthony Thomas, who played at receiver and running back, left school a year early to go pro.

Allen joins a receiving corps that includes senior Keanon Lowe and junior Bralon Addison, who was injured in the spring, as well as sophomores Dwayne Stanford and Chance Allen. Basketball player Jonathan Lloyd, who had an additional year of eligibility outside of hoops, also plans to play at receiver next season.

None of the returning receivers caught more than 20 passes last season.

Allen, who redshirted last year, never thought he’d be vying for a track title. But as the season went on his confidence grew.

”It’s just a lot of training,” he said. ”I was doing so much at the beginning of the year that I think my body was kind of tired. I had to lose about 20 pounds from football season to be able to run efficiently and as the year started going I was feeling better and getting faster.”

Track coach Robert Johnson was as shocked at Allen’s win as everyone watching. All the Ducks needed at that point to win the team title was a point – which Allen would earn just by finishing.

”I say to myself as soon as the gun goes off, `Just get through the hurdles. That one point will be our 24th point and I don’t care what they do after that,”’ Johnson said. ”Then he passes me, I’m sitting at hurdle six, and he’s probably in third. Then I look at the monitor and he’s in second, and then he runs off that last hurdle better than most.”

Johnson said that Ducks football coach Mark Helfrich helped Allen realize his goals on the track, excusing him from some of his other obligations.

Many of Allen’s football teammates went to Twitter to note the feat.

”Wow!!Congrats to Devon Allen for winning nationals in the 110 hurdles you are amazing! Honored to be your friend and teammate (at)DevonAllen13,” posted offensive lineman Doug Brenner.

Oregon finished 11-2 last season, capped by a 30-7 victory over Texas in the Alamo Bowl. They were ranked. No. 9 in the final AP Top 25.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136737-7f8b1dce4d23bbe80cf6d4fc76a8146e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006005 00000000000 015426  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Witness Universal Studios Singapore‘s gradual transformation into a world of terror, directed by the vision of The Minister of Evil, in the HHN4 Before Dark photo reports.

Dejiki.com’s Before Dark series is a day-time photography log showcasing the elaborate creative work behind Universal Studios Singapore’s frightening blockbuster event, Halloween Horror Nights 4. Check out past years’ Before Dark features here.

◂ Minister of Evil ▸

The entrance of Universal Studios Singapore is now adorned with two grim pillars, welcoming guests to the new world ruled by the The Minister of Evil.

These solemn stone pillars have the HHN4 logo embedded into them and are likely to glow at night.

Hollywood Boulevard: Under new management.

Big screen in the middle, ensuring a decent view of the new leader, for all.

I’m sure we’ll all be blinded with envy of the Minister’s prowess… in some ways or another. Look at all those lights!

◂ Demoncracy ▸

Lady Liberty falls, while demonic forces rise at New York zone.





The props bring nothing but a promise of a dark future.

◂ Bogeyman ▸

Sting Alley (Water Street of New York zone) is now crammed with countless cupboards and cabinets. Terrifying surprises will await guests at every turn.

It’s just furniture. But is anyone else feeling the chills?

More curious, gigantic toys and a twisted playground lie ahead towards the path to Sci-Fi City.

At least the artwork here is cute.. so far.

Beyond closets, cabinets and playgrounds: A trail of iron meshes lining a cramped corridor for the damned.

And more cubes.

More.. stuff. Did all of these come from House No. 13?

◂ Canyon of the Cursed ▸

Yet to be cursed. Enjoy it while it lasts.

◂ Scary Tales ▸

Minimal stuff to report here. Well, except some wires appearing around the area:

The frayed, broken ropes around the canopy at the entrance to Jurassic Park have even replaced.

Fixtures are installed at two sides, probably to light up the giant storybook pages at this scare zone.

◂ The Haunted Houses ▸

Construction is ongoing at all haunted houses. Unless the park is kind enough to extend a behind-the-scenes tour for us, we’ll only have these limited shots from the outside. I must warn everyone, DO NOT trespass, please! Construction is going on at these backstage areas, so for your own safety, don’t wander about. Unless you don’t mind having something haunting you for the rest of the year.

One of the military buildings at MATI CAMP. Some metal fences (from Total Lockdown, in 2012?) spotted at the bottom left.

Looks like there’s no running from Jing’s Revenge, with that maze-like layout! Can’t wait.

Some alien spaceship thing spotted at The L.A.B.

Stay tuned for the next BEFORE DARK…

Want more updates on Halloween Horror Nights? Subscribe to dejiki.com or Like Dejiki.com on Facebook today!

Are you brave enough..?

Ever thought of attending Halloween Horror Nights 4? Get all the event and ticketing information you need at the 2014 Guide to Halloween Attractions in Singapore here!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0136869-f1a74500e3e1e72144ff2faf8039717c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013236 00000000000 015046  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        It wouldn’t be a proper World Cup if a Premier League club weren’t being linked with potential starlets after a couple of promising performance off the bench, and Divock Origi is the latest and greatest to fill that void for us.

With some fine movement and a confident finish against Russia, the 19-year-old striker booked Belgium’s place in the knockout round with a 1-0 victory that masked yet another lethargic display from the Red Devils in general.

The key for Marc Wilmots’ side has been that while they have lacked the verve and flair of the likes of Netherlands so far, they have yet to get out of first gear and are already through to the last-16.

Belgium have so much attacking talent and defensive strength that should they finally hit their stride, they could well be the ‘dark horses’ that practically everybody predicted them as before Brazil.

With Romelu Lukaku struggling badly against both Algeria and Russia, Origi has been entrusted to come on and change the game – and Liverpool are said to be suitably impressed, with Tony Barrett of The Times suggesting that Liverpool are reportedly closing in on a deal for the striker.

Liverpool are closing in on a deal for Belgium international Divock Origi. Spurs are also interested but Liverpool lead the race. — Tony Barrett (@TonyBarretTimes) June 25, 2014

Tottenham are also said to be interested, though Brendan Rodgers’ side leads the race according to Barrett, given that they can offer Champions League football.

Given that there is such a clamour for the youngster’s signature, it would be prudent to see how he has performed so far for his club Lille.

Origi played 29 times for the Ligue 1 side last season, scoring five goals. Two of those strikes came from outside the box, though the striker is also a threat in the air, scoring a header as well. He also created 18 chances, and his passing accuracy of 78 percent is respectable for a young forward.

The Belgian looks to be a clever striker, with 72% of his shots finding the target: he has scored five of 18 efforts on goal, and does not look to shoot when the chance is not on.

Origi effectively played the role of super-sub during the last campaign, coming off the bench in 18 of his 29 appearances, and he played just one full game in the French top-flight. If Liverpool do secure a move for him, it is clear that much work will need to be done in order to make sure he is up to the demands of the Premier League.

The striker is keen on a battle though, winning 11 of 19 tackles, though succeeding in just 23 of 54 aerial battles suggests he will need to pick and choose his battles – with a muscular frame and standing at 1.85m, those figures should be higher. He did, however, win 21 fouls and give away 20, showing he can se his frame to his advantage to win set-pieces high up the field. He posted a commendable Squawka Performance Score of 216, and won four Squawka Awards for Best Attack.

An impressive 22 successful take-ons shows that Origi is more than comfortable with the ball at his feet, and his goal against Russia highlighted his excellent movement off the ball to lose experienced opponents at the highest level.

In his two World Cup appearances, Origi’s two shots have both been on target – one of which was, of course, the goal – and has won two of his three headers, as well as four of seven attempted take-ons.

A passing accuracy of 64% is nothing to shout about, but given that he is effectively a substitute for a top-three side in France, that will improve given more training and confidence.

The question is where he would fit in at Liverpool should the reports be true; Rodgers is well-stocked for forwards given the signing of Rickie Lambert, but with the future of Luis Suarez once again uncertain following his reported bite on Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup, it would be no surprise to see the coach planning for a future without the Uruguay star.

Due to his age and the form of Suarez, Daniel Sturridge and Raheem Sterling, Lambert was presumably signed to offer the Anfield side something different off the bench – and if Origi made the switch, he would likely fulfil the same role. The 2014-15 season will be a long one for the Reds with the added strain of Champions League football and travel, and should they want to launch another Premier League title challenge as well as have an interest in the cups, Rodgers will need all the help he can get.

With Iago Aspas disappointing and Fabio Borini set to be offered to Southampton as a potential makeweight in the deal for Adam Lallana, Rodgers would appear to be trimming his squad, cutting the fat and making it a tougher proposition for the season ahead.

It would be wrong – as, undoubtedly, many Liverpool fans have already done on social media – to think to Origi will simply sweep into Anfield and set the place alight. After all, a number now place the 19-year-old’s ability above Lukaku for the sheer reason that the Chelsea forward has struggled in Brazil, conveniently forgetting his excellent goalscoring displays on loan for both West Brom and Everton over the past two years.

Origi, though, has given us a taste of what he could be for both Lille and Belgium. The striker has displayed fine movement, a willingness to run for the ball and battle to get it back, and a clear eye for goal. There is no doubt that Rodgers would be once again paying for potential, and such deals can go either way for a multitude of reasons. But though the World Cup inevitably sets the wheels in motion on many a poor deal, Origi looks like he could well be the real deal – given time, that is. 67 minutes do mot make a man, but with the coaching of Rodgers, Divock may well be one Red Devil that Liverpool fans come to love.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136890-dc7e3e73bce2ac4cd68805cb1d8ebea8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002226 00000000000 015561  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        This story originally appeared in our print quarterly, The Pitchfork Review. Buy back issues of the magazine here.

In the summer of 1963, a tenor saxophonist named Albert Ayler moved into a room in a flat owned by his aunt, across the street from St. Nicholas Park in Harlem. It wasn’t the 27-year-old’s first trip to New York City, but this time he’d come intending to stay. Ayler was heading into the New York jazz epicenter as a complete unknown. It was a tumultuous time for a music in the process of splintering into fragments, building on its storied past but unsure where it would go next. Giants of bebop like Dizzy Gillespie and Thelonious Monk were alive and well and cutting important records (the latter would in another year be on the cover of Time); Miles Davis was in a transitional period, but was on the verge of making some of his finest work, with his second great quintet right around the corner; Charles Mingus was humming at a creative peak, and Duke Ellington had been canonized but was still busy. If you wanted to be someone in jazz during this era, a time when the music still commanded attention, New York, then as now, was the place to be.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136820-80ac8b0e0920b09b382903bdd92728bc.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010476 00000000000 015025  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Neil Gorsuch, Donald Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, has won the praise of many conservatives because of his judicial record, but he’s also getting some blowback from the far right because of his church affiliation.

“Be advised: Gorsuch attends a church that is rabidly pro-gay, pro-Muslim, pro-green, and anti-Trump,” Bryan Fischer, the rabidly anti-LGBT American Family Association radio host and columnist, tweeted today. This came even though AFA president Tim Wildmon has lauded Gorsuch.

Gorsuch does attend a liberal church: St. John’s Episcopal Church in Boulder, Colo., The Washington Post reports. The Episcopal Church as a whole has become LGBT-affirming over the past several years, blessing same-sex marriages and ordaining LGBT clergy. The denomination has also ordained women priests for decades, and it is concerned about environmental issues and opposes discrimination against people of any faith — views that meet with approval from liberals, moderates, and even some conservatives, but are anathema to far-right outliers like Fischer.

And St. John’s clergy often take what could be characterized as liberal stances, while recognizing that there is a diversity of views in the congregation. The day after Trump was elected, the Rev. Susan Springer, St. John’s rector, wrote to members urging them to behave in a godly fashion and spread hope even though “the world is clasping its head in its hands and crying out in fear,” the Post reports.

After the mass shooting at the Pulse LGBT nightclub in Orlando in June, church officials decided to ring its bells 49 times, for each of the 49 people killed, each Wednesday until Election Day to call on Congress to take action against gun violence, according to the Post. “Some of us are pro-gun and some of us are anti-gun. Even so, as people of faith we share in common an aversion to gun violence,” read a post on the church’s Facebook page. “We hope the ringing … compels our elected lawmakers to hear and remember their solemn duty to both the dead and the living: to stop political posturing and to work together to pass legislation that fosters greater safety.”

On the day of Women’s Marches around the world, January 21, Springer attended one in Denver, the U.K.’s Daily Mail reports. And St. John’s, like the Episcopal Church as a whole, encourages members to be concerned about climate change — the Boulder church has solar panels on its roof — and is LGBT-welcoming. Clergy members have also spoken out against anti-Muslim discrimination.

Gorsuch, a judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit, based in Denver, is active at St. John’s, often serving as an usher, the Post reports. His wife, Louise, sometimes leads prayers and reads Scripture, and their daughters participate in services as acolytes.

He would be the first Protestant justice on the Supreme Court since John Paul Stevens retired in 2010. Justices John Roberts, Samuel Alito, Clarence Thomas, Sonia Sotomayor, and Anthony Kennedy are Catholic, as was the late Justice Antonin Scalia, whom Gorsuch would replace. Justices Stephen Breyer, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Elena Kagan are Jewish.

Despite his affiliation with a liberal church, Gorsuch’s rulings have been largely conservative. He has, for instance, asserted the right of employers to exclude contraceptive coverage from group insurance plans if this conflicts with the employer’s religious beliefs. And he has some unpublished rulings that are hostile to the rights of transgender people. Many LGBT and progressive groups, along with Democratic senators, oppose confirming him to the high court.

Another conservative evangelical, Rev. Rob Schenck, has a more measured view than Fischer of Gorsuch’s church membership. In a recent blog post for his group Faith and Action, Schenck wrote that many Episcopal beliefs would “make Antonin Scalia roll over in his grave,” but added, “In my estimation, the Gorsuch church story suggests at the very least that the prospective Supreme Court appointee can get along with a wide swath of people, including social and religious progressives.” That may allay liberal fears about him while planting doubts in conservatives, remarked Schenck, who still supports Gorsuch, as do most conservative religious types. And most liberals still oppose him, going on his record rather than his religious affiliation.                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136900-323fbd25a3924d01b871e51e1a63dacf.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002241 00000000000 015142  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The host, a woman known by the pseudonym Ms Marmite Lover, regularly holds themed evenings at her home which she has recently transformed into new dining experience "The Underground Restaurant".

The not-for-profit event, which has been renamed "Generic Wizard Night", was to have a menu of dandelion wine, pumpkin soup and Dumbledore's favourite - mint humbugs. Guests would have been led down 'Diagon Alley' by the side of the house and been met by a portrait of the "Fat Lady" who would have demanded a password before they could be let in.

But the plans were scuppered when Warner Brothers heard about the themed dinner.

A letter from their legal and business department said: "Dear Ms Marmite Lover. While we are delighted you are such a fan of the Harry Potter series, unfortunately your proposed use of the Harry Potter properties... without our consent would amount to an infringement of Warner's rights."

Responding to the letter Ms Marmite said: "I understand that you need to protect your rights, but this is two dinners, one-offs, from which I am not making a profit, inspired by the books and the mentions of food in them. My daughter is a huge fan, even an obsessive."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0136809-304d3774606b35a6b7b3b3163a023d9f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001412 00000000000 014656  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Here’s my book! Okay it’s really a novella – a love story set against the backdrop of the Shanghai metro. I’ve already moved about 50 copies and the response has been satisfactory so far. It’s illustrated by photos from Tom Carter, photographer behind one of the my favorite China photo books, China: Portrait of a People. You won’t find any foreigners in this book, just Chinese people. And I wager you won’t look at the subway the same way again.

I’m selling copies for RMB100 – which is just enough to cover production costs – plus shipping if you need it shipped. There’s no e-version of this one. Each comes numbered and signed. Support your local arts!

Email me at leeallenmack@gmail.com or you can message me through my Wechat OA – ConfuciusSez.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136911-0a2dbdfdc69628ef8bae1dca9146e172.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005111 00000000000 015405  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Journalist-Registration Bill Is Modeled On Gun Law, S.C. Lawmaker Says

Enlarge this image toggle caption John Bazemore/AP John Bazemore/AP

Criminal background checks and assurances that a person "is competent to be a journalist" are among the requirements put forth by State Rep. Mike Pitts in a new bill in South Carolina's Legislature. The bill would also create a responsible journalism registry.

Titled the South Carolina Responsible Journalism Registry Law, the bill quickly drew condemnation from rights groups after it was introduced Tuesday (when it was also referred to a committee).

The bill is "another (unconstitutional) waste of tax dollars," says the South Carolina branch of the American Civil Liberties Union.

"We would fight it tooth and nail," says Bill Rogers, the executive director of the South Carolina Press Association.

Rogers doesn't believe the measure has much of a chance to move forward, but via email he also says the issue "highlights the importance of NOT having the government regulate journalists."

Rogers also notes that some of the bill is patterned on gun registration laws — something Pitts, a Republican from Laurens, S.C., has acknowledged.

The bill lays out fines — and prison time — for a "person who works as a journalist without registering," culminating in a maximum punishment of either a $500 fine or a 30-day prison term. Those who head media outlets that hire unregistered journalists would be subject to the same penalties.

"Basically, it is the (concealed weapons permit) law with journalists and pens instead of guns," Pitts tells the Greenwood, S.C., Index-Journal.

"My real issue is simply to start to debate about all of your constitutional rights. And that they are all equally important, and they are all separate," Pitts tells the newspaper. "This was an easy parallel."

According to the Index-Journal, Pitts "does not necessarily want the bill to pass," but he wants to generate a debate over First and Second Amendment rights.

Of course, Pitts isn't the only lawmaker to use a bill to make a point. Earlier in the same legislative session, State Rep. Mia McLeod, a Democrat from Columbia, submitted a bill establishing new requirements on prescriptions for drugs that treat erectile dysfunction — including obtaining a notarized affidavit from "at least one of the patient's sexual partners."

According to The Post and Courier, McLeod "acknowledged the idea is likely to go nowhere but wanted to send a message to the male-dominated and Republican-controlled General Assembly about laws governing women, including restricting their access to abortion."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0136909-cdbd53c27e0ad96d52e9f6fa60db36c5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005120 00000000000 015417  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        

Mitt and Ann Romney after his concession speech on election night. (AP Photo/Charles Dharapak)

Immediately after the November election, all of the reporting suggested that the Romney camp was in total shock. “Shell-shocked,” said one news report. It quoted a Romney senior adviser saying, “I don’t think there was one person who saw this coming.”

Well, that wasn’t true — even within the Romney campaign. In “The Gamble,” Lynn Vavreck’s and my new book on the 2012 presidential race, we report that the Romney campaign’s own internal data showed that it would lose. We write:

One senior Romney strategist told us that his simulations based on the campaign’s internal polls gave Romney an 18% chance of winning by the end.

This same strategist told us that these simulations never showed Romney being more likely to win than Obama, even after the first debate when the polls narrowed.

This is a very different story than what emerged after the race. Then, the story was that the Romney campaign and the Republican party had bad polls:

Sources familiar with Romney’s polling say that it underestimated the Democrats’ 6-point voter identification edge, nationally, and put far too much stock in what one Republican operative called “false signs of Republican enthusiasm.” Multiple Republican pollsters also acknowledged that they misjudged how many young people and minorities would show up to vote.

And maybe Romney’s polling did underestimate how well Obama would do. But it didn’t forecast that Romney would win.

The bigger problem within the campaign seemed to be that some strategists put folklore and instincts before their own data. Another passage from “The Gamble”:

“We’re picking up steam,” a tired but enthusiastic Romney campaign staffer told Vavreck in September. “The rallies seem really energized. People love him. We’re going to win this thing!”According to a top Romney strategist, staff who traveled to battleground-state rallies from the campaign’s Boston headquarters came back and said the same thing as Election Day approached. One staff member who attended a rally in Philadelphia said, “That is not what a losing campaign looks like.”

Of course, there was no reason for the Romney campaign to say publicly that it was losing. Losing campaigns always put on a brave face. But after losing, the surprise and dismay within the Romney campaign seemed to stem less a failure of its own polls and more from a failure to let those polls take precedence over instinct and subjective judgment.

You can buy “The Gamble” here, and read more about it here.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136794-cf87d78733c6408fa18a7abcc79bc6d3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000054645 00000000000 015316  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In the very early days of developing for iOS (or “iPhone OS” as it was then called), designing a UI was relatively simple - with just one screen size to design for, it was possible to create a pixel-perfect design. Fast-forward to today and there are many more screen sizes, making old UI approaches completely unscalable. Apple has introduced a few different techniques to deal with this fragmentation however, primarily the concept of Adaptive Layout.

In this talk at GOTO Conference CPH 2015, Sam Davies dives into what Adaptive Layout is and runs through several live examples to cover the concepts of Adaptive Layout, as well as some tips for using Interface Builder. He also discusses some best practices to deal with multiple screen sizes, taking inspiration from the web, Android, and iOS.

My name is Sam. I am @iwantmyrealname on the Twitters, and I work for a company called Razeware that is responsible for the small company behind the massive team effort that goes on for raywenderlich.com. Let’s talk about some Adaptive UI!

In The Beginning, There Was… (1:16)

Back in the dark ages when we developed for “iPhone OS,” as it was called, back in the dark ages, there was one size we had to build for: the nice, old 3.5 inch iPhone, and designing layouts was easy. Realistically, you did also have to deal with landscape, but that’s only two sizes. If you were on an iPhone, more often than not, you would just say you’re not allowed to do it landscape, it has to be portrait. Those were the days.

Then came along the iPad, this massive slate of stuff that was revolutionary. The difference in size between the iPhone and the iPad was huge. You could just build two completely separate apps, or potentially build the same app and do different layouts, but they were two separate apps.

Then came along the 4 inch iPhone, with the iPhone 5 and 5s. This was the same width as the 3.5 inch, it just got this extra little bit at the bottom. Perfect size to stick an ad in, and that was quite often what happened. Just stick something along the bottom, It doesn’t really matter. Quite often, if you still had a 3.5 inch phone, the design was for the four inch, and you would just end up with losing some stuff off the bottom and the app just wouldn’t work. Nobody really felt the need to worry about that kind of thing, we didn’t care about these people with old phones.

Then along came the iPhone 6 last year, copied from the form factor of Android. That was at 4.7 inches, and then the 5.5 inch, the massive iPhone 6 Plus, and 6s Plus now, copied from the world of dinner plates.

Finally, coming up soon, the iPad Pro is enormous, and it is yet another form factor we’ve got to deal with.

If you account for portrait and landscape, that is 12 different form factors that you’ve got to design for now.

In days gone by, we would’ve written code like this:

if UIDevice . currentDevice () . userInterfaceIdiom == . Pad { if UIDevice . currentDevice () . orientation == . LandscapeLeft || UIDevice . currentDevice () . orientation == . LandscapeRight { doSomething () } else { doSomethingElse () } } else { if UIDevice . currentDevice () . orientation == . LandscapeLeft || UIDevice . currentDevice () . orientation == . LandscapeRight { yetAnotherAlternative () } else { theFourthWay () } }

You would just investigate in your code what type of device was being used, then go and write some layout code. Or, maybe we’re in landscape, then we need to do some other particular bit of code. This behavior will not scale. You cannot continue to do that for 12 different form factors; it just doesn’t work.

Introducing Adaptive Layout (4:53)

This is why Apple released Adaptive Layout, a layer on top of the existing way that we do layouts. It abstracts the layout away from design specifics. We no longer care about the device type or orientation. Instead, we group all of these concepts together in hand-wavy things called “size classes.”

What are size classes? Rather than saying “You’ve got this many pixels or this many points,” we’re talking in terms of how much space there really is. How much room have we got to fit things in?

We divide size classes up into two different categories: compact or regular. Compact means there’s not much space, and that we’re restricted in some kind of way. Regular means there’s a normal amount of space, whatever that means.

We also talk about size classes in two different dimensions: horizontal or vertical. For example, you can be horizontally compact, and vertically regular. It’s just a way of specifying, the amount of space in a particular view.

Size Classes on Devices (7:34)

How do these concepts map to actual devices?

Horizontal Vertical iPad Portrait Regular Regular iPad Landscape Regular Regular iPhone Portrait Compact Regular iPhone Landscape Compact Compact iPad 6[s] Plus Landscape Regular Compact

When you take an iPad or an iPad Pro, it’s always regular in both dimensions. There’s always loads of space vertically and horizontally; there’s never any time on an iPad where you can’t fit the amount of content in that you want.

However, when you look at an iPhone in portrait, we say that it’s compact width; there isn’t much room, width-wise, on an iPhone. Then, when you turn it landscape, there’s not much space vertically. That’s now compact. If you’re reading lots of content or something on an iPhone in portrait, there’s plenty of room because you scroll up and down, but if you rotate it to landscape, you don’t scroll left and right. Nobody ever reads something and then scrolls all the way across to one side, and then scrolls all the way back to read the beginning of the next line. So, can say that it’s compact.

Get more development news like this

With iOS 9, this starts to make a little bit more sense with the advent of multi-tasking. For example, an iPad is always regular/regular, irrespective of which orientation it’s held in. However, when you start doing multi-tasking, which is new in iOS 9, you can swipe in from the right and have another app come in on the right hand side. If you’ve got a new iPad, you can pull it further across and have two apps side by side. At that point, effectively, you’ve got an iPad running two iPhone apps next to each other. It may be an iPad app, but running in the configuration it would use if it were on an iPhone, with compact horizontal size class and regular vertical size class.

Then, in iPad Pro, I believe you can have two regular/regular apps side by side. By this point, we’ve abstracted it away from just device-specific dimensions. We can now have different things running on a device.

Adopting Adaptive Layout (11:16)

What is a sensible process for adopting Adaptive Layout? The end goal is that I create one storyboard that rules everything. You can use one storyboard that will run on an iPad, an iPhone, and all of the different iOS devices. We no longer have this problem where we’ve got four different storyboards, and we have to make sure we update every single one of them. Updates to one of them will then mean that everything updates appropriately. How do you go about it? I have a five-step approach I would recommend.

Build Base Layout This is the “let’s get everything that we want on the screen” step, or the layout that we want to happen most of the time. Choose Size Class Override Uninstall Irrelevant Constraints We’re talking Auto Layout here. You’ve got these constraints which determine the size and position of different views, and you can do this thing called uninstalling them. We’ve chosen a particular size class, and I want to take these constraints and throw them away. Add New Constraints Specific to Size Class This is to make sure that we get the layout we actually want in this new size class. Rinse and Repeat The important thing is to not go into your storyboard and build an iPhone portrait layout, then an iPhone landscape layout, then throw everything away before you move to iPad, etc. That doesn’t really help you at all. The approach is to start with a base layout, then work on top of it.

I gave a demo of this approach at GOTO Copenhagen 2015, which you can watch above. I explain how to shift a layout across different devices from a single base layout by installing constraints.

What types of things are adaptive? Constraints, for one. You can take a constraint and you can decide if you want it in this particular size class or not. That way, you can realign and reorganize your layout in many different ways, which is cool. But that’s not all that you can do with Adaptive Layout! Other things are adaptive as well.

You can also change the constant on a constraint. If you have a constraint that says, “The spacing between two views should be ten points,” then I can say, “If I’ve got enough space, then actually that should be a hundred points.” I can do that without having to delete that constraint and create a new one. Weirdly, you can’t change the constraint multiplier, though: if you need to change the multiplier, then you do actually have to uninstall the constraint and create a new one.

You can also change the font. If between an iPhone and iPad I want to change the font size to make it bigger on an iPad, I can do that fairly simply.

Finally, view installation, which is also quite important. If you have a layout for an iPhone that you want to reuse on an iPad, you’re probably not just going to want to change the font size and the spacing. You’re quite likely to want to add new views too, which is easy as well.

Size Classes and Fonts Demo (27:23)

Here is another demo I gave about changing size classes and fonts. Click here to watch it above!

Doing Battle With Code (31:12)

How does this all work in code? You can get a long way in Interface Builder, but you’re going to want to get in there and do battle with code eventually.

public class UITraitCollection : NSObject , NSCopying , NSSecureCoding , NSCoding { ... public var userInterfaceIdiom : UIUserInterfaceIdiom { get } public var displayScale : CGFloat { get } public var horizontalSizeClass : UIUserInterfaceSizeClass { get } public var verticalSizeClass : UIUserInterfaceSizeClass { get } @available(iOS 9.0, *) public var forceTouchCapability : UIForceTouchCapability { get } }

All this stuff exists in this new class alled UITraitCollection , which was introduced last year. It is now the place to find out different things about the device, including the user interface idiom (is it an iPhone, and iPad, etc?). You can get the display scale, which will give you one, two or three, depending on the number of pixels per point. You can get the two size classes, so if I can get hold of a traitCollection , I can find out what my current size class is. Then finally, if you’ve got an iPhone 6s or a 6s Plus, you can find out whether or not you’ve got 3D Touch, so you can determine how hard you’re pushing your finger through the screen.

You get a traitCollection by using trait environments. UITraitEnvironment is just a protocol that has a traitCollection property on it.

public protocol UITraitEnvironment : NSObjectProtocol { public var traitCollection : UITraitCollection { get } public func traitCollectionDidChange ( previousTraitCollection : UITraitCollection ?) }

UIScreen , UIWindow , UIPresentationController , UIViewController and UIView adopt the protocol, so that means if you’re inside any of those things, you can find out what your current traitCollection is, and hence, what size class you’re in. You just have to ask for the traitCollection , and then you’ll have what you need to know.

You’ll also notice this traitCollectionDidChange function. That would get called whenever the traitCollection has changed, but when would that happen? If I took an iPhone in portrait and rotated it, then the traitCollection of every view, view controller, presentation controller, the screen and the window will all receive traitCollectionDidChange because you’ve rotated it. You’ve gone from regular height, compact width, to compact height, compact width, or, on an iPhone Plus, regular width. You could use that to handle rotation or to handle any code-type things that you want to do when the traitCollection is altered.

Overriding Size Classes (33:44)

You can override size classes, but why would you want to do this?

extension UIViewController { public func setOverrideTraitCollection ( collection : UITraitCollection ?, forChildViewController childViewController : UIViewController ) public func overrideTraitCollectionForChildViewController ( childViewController : UIViewController ) -> UITraitCollection ? }

You could have built a view controller that has a particular layout for a given size class, and then you realize, “I’m on an iPad, but I’ve built a container view controller and I’m putting this other view controller in it. I defined the layout for compact width, because this view controller is so small, so I want a container view controller.”

In this case, you can use this traitCollection instead for this particular child view controller. I’m on this massive canvas of an iPad, but one of my child view controllers is quite tiny (i.e. compact width).

You could use the code above, and it’s quite simple to use: you build yourself a traitCollection with the overrides in it that you want, and you pass it to the child view controller through this method, which is on UIViewController .

The last protocol I want to introduce is UIContentContainer . This is a slightly more fine-grained way of dealing with transitions between traitCollection .

public protocol UIContentContainer : NSObjectProtocol { ... public func viewWillTransitionToSize ( size : CGSize , withTransitionCoordinator coordinator : UIViewControllerTransitionCoordinator ) public func willTransitionToTraitCollection ( newCollection : UITraitCollection , withTransitionCoordinator coordinator : UIViewControllerTransitionCoordinator ) }

Say you get a traitCollectionDidChange . All of a sudden, you’re just being told the traitCollection has changed, re-lay yourself out. How do you deal with making sure you’re handling the animations in a nice way? That’s where you want to use these methods that are on UIContentContainer .

UIContentContainer is adopted by UIViewController and UIPresentationController . These have this willTransitionToTraitCollection . Before the transition happens, you get told you’re going to move to this traitCollection , and within that, you get a transitionCoordinator .

transitionCoordinator allows you to say, “I want to do an animation, and I want to do it at the same time as whatever animations the system is doing.” This is really handy.

The other method on here is viewWillTransitionToSize . The question that everybody asks is, “My iPad is regular/regular irrespective of the orientation? That doesn’t make any sense.” This viewWillTransitionToSize method is helpful here. This gets called whenever the view controller changes size. Before iOS 9, that would only be on rotation, unless you were doing some complex view controller containment yourself. When you rotate an iPad, the top method of that will be called. Because the size will change, the bottom method won’t be called.

Rotation Deprecation (36:41)

extension UIViewController { @available(iOS, introduced=2.0, deprecated=8.0) public var interfaceOrientation : UIInterfaceOrientation { get } @available(iOS, introduced=2.0, deprecated=8.0, message="Implement viewWillTransitionToSize:withTransitionCoordinator: instead") public func willRotateToInterfaceOrientation ( toInterfaceOrientation : UIInterfaceOrientation , duration : NSTimeInterval ) @available(iOS, introduced=2.0, deprecated=8.0) public func didRotateFromInterfaceOrientation ( fromInterfaceOrientation : UIInterfaceOrientation ) @available(iOS, introduced=3.0, deprecated=8.0, message="Implement viewWillTransitionToSize:withTransitionCoordinator: instead") public func willAnimateRotationToInterfaceOrientation ( toInterfaceOrientation : UIInterfaceOrientation , duration : NSTimeInterval ) }

In iOS 8, these lovely old methods for dealing with rotation were all deprecated. You shouldn’t be using willAnimateRotationToInterfaceOrientation or didRotateFromInterfaceOrientation . But how do you deal with rotation now?

Use willTransitionToSize instead. Here is an example of that method being used:

override func viewWillTransitionToSize ( size : CGSize , withTransitionCoordinator coordinator : UIViewControllerTransitionCoordinator ) { super . viewWillTransitionToSize ( size , withTransitionCoordinator : coordinator ) let image = imageForAspectRatio ( size . width / size . height ) coordinator . animateAlongsideTransition ({ context in // Create a transition and match the context's duration let transition = CATransition () transition . duration = context . transitionDuration () // Make it fade transition . timingFunction = CAMediaTimingFunction ( name : kCAMediaTimingFunctionEaseInEaseOut ) transition . type = kCATransitionFade self . backgroundImageView . layer . addAnimation ( transition , forKey : "Fade" ) // Set the new image self . backgroundImageView . image = image }, completion : nil ) }

Don’t think of rotation as moving a device. Instead, think of it as your view controller changing size, because from the user’s perspective, that is what is happening. This example here uses a transition coordinator, and it calls animateAlongsideTransition on there. That allows it to say that when the rotation happens, the system will take your view controller and rotate it and re-size it for you in an animation.

Stack Views (37:57)

Stack views are new in iOS 9. If you haven’t used Auto Layout before, now’s a good time to get into it, because stack views will save you a lot of grief. Imagine I have a white view with three views inside it. How would I do that with constraints?

First, I’d need to pin the top one to the top and to the left and right hand sides. I’d need to pin the bottom one to the bottom. Then I’d need to add some constraints to space them as well. I’d also align them all along the middle, so that they’re all center aligned with each other. Finally, I want to specify their relative widths, and maybe say that the middle one will just use its intrinsic content size. That’s a lot of constraints, especially to build something so simple.

With stack views, I can reduce this effort from about 12 constraints to just a few. A stack view has properties on it, so I tell it what axis I’d like it to be oriented on, and I set some things like the spacing. I can say that they’re all aligned down the middle. I do have to use some constraints, because I have to position this stack view somewhere within its wider view. I could even add two more constraints if I wanted to pin it exactly to a specific size.

In Xcode, learn to love this button that looks like an arrow falling down stairs. That creates a stack view. From there, you can alter all kinds of different things.

The interesting thing about stack views is that they play very well with adaptivity. That means I can add size class overrides for things like the axis. For example, I can change it from being vertically aligned to horizontally aligned just by adding a size class override on the stack view. I can also change the alignment, distribution, and spacing really, really simply using adaptivity. They are quite really quite powerful when used with adaptivity, and are definitely worth a look.

Adaptivity Tips (41:17)

Get to Know Auto Layout There is a bit of a learning curve, but it’s not impossible, and it’s worth the effort. It’s not as hard as it might seem at first. Use Adaptive Layout for Broad Strokes You can’t expect to be able to do all of your layout using these adaptivity tools. They are there for you to get the layout pretty much right, then you can drop into code and start using the fine grain things that you want to do, like that view or transition to size stuff. Start with Base Layout and Then Override Never ever, ever go into a storyboard and say, “Well, I want an iPad, so I’m going to start with regular/regular. Now, I want to do an iPhone in portrait so I’m going to go regular/compact.” Instead, start the base layout with nothing, and then work out, thinking about what you want to change for this particular override. Life is Easier with Stack Views If you can use iOS 9, go and investigate them. If you can’t, there are some open source things out there that will be equivalent. They make layout so much easier. If you nest stack views together, it will make life so much easier.

Now is the time to get Adaptive. As I said, you’ve got 12 different layouts to do at the moment. You could do that with several different apps, you could do that with multiple storyboards. Give Adaptive Layout a go, and see whether or not you can get anywhere.

As a reminder, I am @iwantmyrealname on the Twitter, and you can grab the code for the demos I mentioned above at my GitHub.

Q: How do you deal with assignments? We’ve been used to them wanting everything pixel perfect.

Sam: That’s one of the major challenges associated with this adaptivity, and it’s something I think the web world went through several years ago with this kind of idea. I remember when I first did web design, I spent a very long time trying to make it look pixel perfect between Firefox and Internet Explorer and…I guess it was before Chrome, so Opera or somethin. You’d be there trying to work out why x was not identical to y, and eventually we seemed to have gotten over that phase into this idea that the content is the important part.

But what we don’t necessarily have is, I want a pixel perfect design here, here and here. That certainly seems to have worked in the web world. I think we need to do the same kind of thing. It’s all to do with education. If you say to your designer, “Yes, you can have pixel perfect designs, now design me 12 different designs, or more in fact.” If you tell them that they’ve got to design 20 different pixel perfect designs for that one app, then they might start to get some kind of idea of what this adaptivity does.

It becomes a matter of what elements you want in the design, i.e. “When it gets this narrow, how should we rearrange it?” Because that’s exactly what happens in the web, right? You lose that big menu bar across the top, and it becomes a hamburger drop-down thing that takes up the entire screen on an iPhone. That’s not necessarily the right solution, but the only way of doing is it is to demonstrate this stuff. Demonstrate getting out of the pixel perfect world and into a focus on content, while trying to make it look as good as we can in these different ways.                                                                                           0136396-9158b72e74923802dd20560a4cdbcfb2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011030 00000000000 015023  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        You never expect school trustees to be in it for money and power. That's for big-league politicians, with their giant egos and insatiable appetites for control. School boards are supposed to be about concerned parents and citizens coming together for sake of the children.

But any journalist (including this one) who's ever been assigned to cover a municipal school board will gladly disabuse you of that wholesome notion. Instead of grassroots democracy in action, school board meetings often seem like they're taking a page from Lord of the Flies.

Petty, vindictive, crass, unsophisticated and self-interested are the descriptors that most come to mind after witnessing the antics of countless school trustees over the years. Such behaviour would be unacceptable from Grade 6 students, much less those entrusted to run their schools.

Story continues below advertisement

A few years ago, after a string of expense and governance scandals, the Ontario government sought to clarify in law the responsibilities of school trustees. Job 1 was to be improving student achievement. Boards had to set up audit committees to make trustees accountable for their spending. The fix was in, or so we thought.

If anything, the situation has only gotten worse. School boards may well be the lowest form of representative democracy that exists, a function of anemic voter turnout (making for easily manipulated results) and candidates driven more by revenge or ideology than better test scores.

Nowhere is this mix more toxic than at the Toronto District School Board, the country's largest, with a $3-billion budget, more than 230,000 students and 30,000-plus employees. In the latest episode of the TDSB soap opera, war has broken out between several trustees (many recently defeated in the October election) and the board's top bureaucrat over the latter's apparent refusal to (1) explain an undocumented $200,000 payment to a catering company and (2) provide the board with a copy of her employment contract, which she negotiated with the discredited ex-board chairman who resigned amid controversy in June.

The provincial government has been called upon to intervene. The police already have. Last week, they laid charges against a retiring trustee accused of forcibly confining the top bureaucrat in a meeting room. The bureaucrat is alleged to have told the trustee: "I'm going to get you. I'm going to sue you."

Being a trustee doesn't pay much – about $25,000 at the TDSB – but the job comes with a $27,000 expense account. An internal audit revealed how one trustee expensed hand lotion, another $11.30 worth of chocolate bars. One bought an iMac since she found the board-issued Dell too heavy. One trustee spent almost $4,000 to go to Israel. It apparently had something to do with prayer space for Muslims at TDSB schools. She tweeted during "the entire trip," she explained.

The last TDSB chairman resigned in June after concluding a deal with China's state-controlled Confucius Institute to set up a Mandarin language and cultural program in Toronto schools. The deal, since cancelled, was just the final straw in a series of dubious decisions by the since-departed chair.

Trustees are supposed to decide which schools to close – or, in the TDSB's case, not close. A hundred and forty of the TDSB's 600 schools are less than 60 per cent full. Unlike the board's offices, dozens of schools are in a pitiful state of disrepair. But many trustees get elected on an explicit pledge not to close schools, since that's critical to winning a coveted union endorsement.

Story continues below advertisement

Story continues below advertisement

Indeed, organized labour just had a banner election. At least 10 union-endorsed candidates won TDSB seats in the October vote, including several former staffers to New Democratic politicians. One new trustee is a particularly outspoken critic of Israel whose views are likely to create sparks at board meetings. The union-backed group ran under a banner vowing to overcome "oppression in all forms" at the TDSB.

If you're wondering why Toronto City Council is a mess, it's because many of the airheads and ideologues on council started out at the TDSB. School-board politics is often a gateway drug to higher office.

Unless things get dramatically worse, don't expect Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne or Education Minister Liz Sandals to do much to fix the dysfunction. Both women, themselves former school trustees, are wedded at the hip to the same unions that elected the new TDSB slate.

It's too bad for the kids. At least they're getting a lesson in democracy at its worst.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0136882-59c1aac4963fee660f88a8385f8b6534.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004132 00000000000 015070  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        

The Associated Press





TAMPA, Fla. -- Former pro wrestler Hulk Hogan sued a disc jockey, the DJ's ex-wife and a gossip website Monday after a sex tape involving Hogan and the woman was posted online.

Hogan said in two lawsuits that he had consensual sex with his best friend's wife, Heather Clem, about six years ago in the Clemses' home, but he did not know he was being secretly recorded.

"Mr. Hogan had a reasonable expectation of his privacy, just as all Americans have a reasonable expectation of their privacy in their bedrooms," attorney Charles Harder said.

The video was posted on the online gossip site Gawker. Hogan is seeking $100 million in damages from the New York-based media company, which declined comment.

It's unclear who gave the video to Gawker.

In the suit against the Clemses, Hogan claimed the video caused "severe and irreparable injury which cannot be adequately compensated by monetary damages." Hogan is seeking the rights to the video in both lawsuits.

Hogan, whose real name is Terry Bollea, wore a tight black T-shirt, black pants and dark sunglasses as he stood outside of the federal court in Tampa while his attorneys spoke to the news media. He did not comment.

It's not clear whether Hogan and Bubba the Love Sponge Clem are still friends. The Clemses have since divorced.

Hogan acknowledged on various TV talk shows recently that he had sex with Heather Clem while he was married to Linda Hogan. The Hogans have also divorced.

Hogan, his ex-wife and the couple's son and daughter have appeared on the reality show "Hogan Knows Best."

Stephen Diaco, a lawyer for Bubba the Love Sponge Clem, said Hogan was the best man at the Clemses' wedding and he is also a godfather to their child.

"My hope is that these two can preserve their friendship," said Diaco. "I can't comment on the suit. This has caused harm to Bubba and he didn't release it, he didn't condone the release of it. He wants to find out who did that and he wants that person to be held accountable."

It is illegal in Florida to record someone without their permission, but Hogan waited too long to file criminal charges.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136852-84bbc17eeeb0e2859205703fd583eadd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016114 00000000000 015260  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Kashmir was always a conservative society. I remember the culture shock I got in 1985, when my dad’s transfer brought me from the national capital to the ”backwaters of a backward region in a Third World country” (my coinage). After the callous poverty and misery on the streets of Delhi, and the grime of the hot dusty plains, Kashmir seemed exactly like the picture postcard Paradise of pristine beauty with its clear lakes, snow covered mountains and the breathtaking landscapes. It took a good part of three decades to find out the slime, grime, and filth of Paradise in the minds and hearts of my fellow compatriots which is famously dubbed as ”crab mentality”, after the well-known observed behaviour of crabs in a pot.

(AFP photo)

I was privileged enough to belong to what would be termed a fairly liberal family in the sense that they believed in the education of daughters and promoted studiousness and personal libraries. But yes, there were lines drawn on certain habits and lifestyles even though 1990 was far away yet. I must have disturbed my cousins a lot. My tomboyish manners and fearless attitude, what I call my ” Dilliwajaen’ (belonging to Delhi) view must have been a pain in their neck and in hindsight I amusingly see their Kashmiri ”kaekgi” (sarcasm) as pathetic attempts to break me knowing I lived life on my own terms.

So wearing skirts as a sports uniform for my school basketball team, prancing around in jeans/trousers, hobknobbing with boy cousins flying kites, and playing cricket and later discussing everything political and religious was at best tolerated with seething lips, gnashing teeth and clenched fists by the elders. But come 1990 and the burqa diktat by militant organizations enforced through acid attacks, my extended family got a license to further subdue my spirit they had not been able to break.

I still remember how the fear of militants was used to solve property or marital disputes, forcibly get unwilling girls married to arranged grooms and stop any inter-caste, inter-religious marriage with the open threat of ”sending militants after the Hindu or Sikh boy who had dared to lure our girl”. The advent of Islamo-fascism through Pakistan’s Shadow War / proxy war let loose a reign of terror and permanently cast a shadow over the aspirations of many women in the Kashmir Valley.

Yet like flood waters, nothing can stop the flow of progress. Just like the generation of our grandmothers had successfully shed the shuttlecock burqa made famous by foreign photographers such as Bernier in travel magazines, etc, as a regressive practice, the same way successive generations were progressing in small changes such as less number of children, sending all girls to school, allowing boys to take up unconventional careers and even opening up to the idea of girls and women leaving home to study/work in Indian and foreign cities. This is a considerable achievement for a region in the grip of Wahhabism/Salafism since the 1990s and constantly being pulled back to the 7th century by fatwas of mullahs and the misogynistic media and social networks.

We can muse all we want of how – had Kashmir not been used as a launching pad for Jihad against India (Ghazwa-e-Hind) by those who still believe in the unfinished business of Partition”, how much forward and progressive the Paradise might have been. But musing is self-indulgence and we do not have the time to do that when our youth are falling prey to the real threat of indoctrination and regressive altered Arabised history in the grand scheme of establishing meta-narratives. The thing is, as civilizations do, regressive practices that were once seen as a part of culture are being questioned the world over and the advent of technology has made it possible to get windows into every country and geographical region of the world.

Hence the narratives that my generation grew up with – that Pakistan was the land of the pure, that Arabia was the epitome of ethics and human rights, that Muslims did not live dignified lives in India, that the Ummah has always been a peaceful, tolerant one and had spread through the benevolent Kings, the Sufi mystics and the power of reasoning, so on and so forth, are shattering on a daily basis now. Hence the ” Oppression Olympics” of Muslims that closet Islamists in the guise of scholars, academicians, media spokespersons of upright citizens of the community like to peddle do not hold water, and incidents like the Pragash controversy, the Zubin Mehta concert fiasco, the Literary Festival cancellation, and the recent Zaira Wasim trolling lay bare the actual extent of the damage that Kashmir’s psyche has undergone in 27 years.

It may seem like harmless trolling to many apologists but they can never imagine how real trolling on the streets of Srinagar and other districts can seem like and what exactly women undergo if they wear pants/trousers, ride a scooty, walk alone with uncovered hair, without escorts or even dream of joining the fashion and entertainment industry. Though because of awareness and an improvement in police-public relations and the stigma attached to a harassed woman, physical violence is minimal – a far cry from the acid attacks and knee-cappings of the 1990s, yet the verbal abuse, the harassment in workplaces and families once a woman becomes prominent should give a visual of why Zaira felt the need to put up those deleted posts in the first place.

Misogyny has no borders in South Asia. It would be dishonest to say that Afghanistan is the most dangerous place for women, or that Pakistan is now cracking down on Taliban forces who shoot school going girls in the head, or that New Delhi / Bangalore is becoming safer for women. But the first step is acknowledging the deep rot which has set in our society since extremist forces took over and long before when it was taboo to question regressiveness in a particular community or culture. Women in the movies or as singers and dancers especially from Muslim backgrounds were always looked down upon and frowned on as ” nautch-girls”. It hasn’t been that long ago when one of India’s talented actor Shabana Azmi was termed as a ” naachne-gaanewali” by the so-called well-wishes of the Indian Muslims – the mullahs.

If the UN proclaimed adage that countries will progress only if their women are empowered is to be taken seriously then we need to take a stand against this mindset that women should not be seen or heard. Do not let the token Liberalism of apologists or two-faced, dishonest community leaders who work for interfaith harmony with the unwritten rule of ”you-do-not-point-at-regressive-practices-in-my-religion-and-I-will-leave-yours-alone” rule fool you. Women need to be upheld according to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and not against some divine text, or centuries old, unconfirmed and heard sayings.

This is not just about women but men too. Patriarchy hurts men too and if future mothers are to bring up well-balanced, stable and respectful sons, then the mullah-politician-military nexus needs to be called out as well as the hypocrisy of the Right wing morality brigade and Left-wing postmodern moral relativism.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0136863-d0a815edda539117ae9e75bafd96443b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006331 00000000000 015264  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        One of the hobbies that I really enjoy is target practice. It requires focus and lots of practice. But most importantly, you need track your improvement (or lack of) objectively.

What better than using the Wolfram Language capabilities to do so!

The following image is a sample of a target placed about 10 yards away.

The first two objectives are:

Obtain the coordinates of the center of the target

Obtain a list of the positions of each impact for further calculations.

Finding the target center

Let's use an image of the bullseye to locate the center of the target. Using ImageCorrelate will help us do so.

findCenter[img_, kern_] := Module[{data}, data = ImageData[ ImageCorrelate[img, kern, NormalizedSquaredEuclideanDistance], "Byte"]; Rest@Reverse@First@Position[Reverse@data, Min[Flatten[data]]]] kern = Import["C:\\Users\\Diego\\Documents\\Documents\\Shooting\\10 \yds\\kernel.jpg"]; target = Import["C:\\Users\\Diego\\Documents\\Documents\\Shooting\\10 \yds\\scan0008.jpg"]; findCenter[target, kern] (*{761, 799}*) Show[target, Graphics[{Green, Disk[findCenter[target, kern], 10]}]]

Obtaining the distance of each impact to the center of the target

Using the morphological image processing capabilities of WL we can proceed to extract the positions of each shot. Based on the scanner resolution used to capture the image, the values returned are in cm.

shots[img_, kern_] := Module[{src, red, shotValues, center, values, data}, red = ColorSeparate[img, "RGB"][[1]]; shotValues = DeleteCases[DeleteCases[ Last /@ ComponentMeasurements[ MaxDetect@DistanceTransform@ColorNegate@DeleteSmallComponents@ Binarize[ Closing[ImageAdjust[Blur@Blur@Blur@red, {1, 1}], 2]], "Centroid"], {0.5, ___}], {___, 0.5}]; data = ImageData[ImageCorrelate[img, kern, NormalizedSquaredEuclideanDistance],"Byte"]; center = Rest@ Reverse@First@Position[Reverse@data, Min[Flatten[data]]]; values = (# - center)/100 & /@ shotValues]

Exploratory Data Analysis of a practice session

Now that we the functions needed we can process all targets of a given set.

files = FileNames["C:\\Users\\Diego\\Documents\\Documents\\Shooting\\10 \yds\\scan*.jpg"]; imgs = Import[#] & /@ files; results = Flatten[shots[#, kern] & /@ imgs, 1]; kde = SmoothKernelDistribution[results]; Show[ContourPlot[PDF[kde, {x, y}], {x, -5, 5}, {y, -5, 5}], Graphics[{Dashed, Line[{{0, -5}, {0, 5}}], Line[{{-5, 0}, {5, 0}}], Circle[{0, 0}, #] & /@ {1, 2, 3}, Red, PointSize[0.03], Point@Mean@kde}], ImageSize -> Large, PlotTheme -> "Detailed"]

Although the mean is located 0.6 cm to the left of the center, shots are slightly to the lower left cuadrant. I'm a lefty, so my defect would be the equivalent to shooting down and to the right for a right handed person.

Let's see what the marksmanship tutorial chart has to say about this issue.

I'm tightening the grip too hard while pulling the trigger. Will need to work on this more.

Now, what is the probability that I would hit the center within a radius of 0.5,1, 2 and 3.5 cm?

NProbability[ EuclideanDistance[{0, 0}, {x, y}] <= #, {x, y} \[Distributed] kde, PrecisionGoal -> 5] & /@ {0.5, 1, 2,3.5} (*{0.0349262, 0.139871, 0.491972, 0.856485}*)

Given that an commercial apple is about 7cm in diameter. I've got a 86% chance of hitting it from a distance of 10 yards.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0136922-30bc70e58972668dbdeaad18da8cd0f5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005246 00000000000 015344  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Truck load of marijuana plants seized from illegal grow operation in Placentia. #abc7eyewitness pic.twitter.com/y0EbMTZj5t — Marc Cota-Robles (@abc7marccr) October 16, 2017

A marijuana grow operation and thousands of plants were discovered in Placentia after firefighters responded to a report of a power pole on fire in the area.Placentia police received a report of the fire at around 3:18 p.m. Sunday. When fire crews arrived, they found out there was an electrical fire that had started on a telephone pole near the 700 block of S. Melrose Street near Orangethorpe Avenue.Police said the surrounding area experienced a power disruption due to the electrical fire.During the fire investigation, authorities determined there was a marijuana grow operation at a nearby building. Southern California Edison were able to trace the cause of the fire to a power surge coming from the building.Investigators said it was partly the smell that tipped them off.Authorities found up to 3,400 plants at the location, along with unsafe wiring and various chemicals, which prompted the Orange County Fire Authority to call its hazmat team to the scene to investigate.The value of the operation was estimated to be worth several million dollars, Placentia police said."It's one of the bigger ones I can remember, and we've had quite a few over the years," said Sgt. Bryce Angel with Placentia police.Officials believe the grow operation had been going on for several months."There's quite a few surveillance cameras on the outside of the business and a lot of secured mechanisms inside...it took the officers quite a while to get through the entire business, going through all the locked doors and whatnot," Angel said.An investigation was underway to find out who is behind the operation. No arrests have been made.Paul Saito, who lives down the street from the bust, has been involved in the medicinal industry for the last year, focusing on natural botanicals."It's OK to go and drink, but someone goes home and smokes a joint after work, you know, it's deemed bad from society," Saito said. "I think we need to change that outlook."Under California law, people can have up to six plants on their property. It doesn't allow for anything like what was found on Monday.So, can such large, illegal operations be stopped?"I don't think so in today's day and age. Unfortunately, there's too much money involved in the business," Angel said.Melrose Avenue between Orangethrope and Crowther Avenue was closed due to the investigation.If you have any information about this incident, you're urged to contact Placentia police at (714) 993-8164. You can also submit anonymous tips by contacting Orange County Crime Stoppers at (855) TIP-OCCS.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136603-1f41e7d5ff334d84881c20662a70c63a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010771 00000000000 014753  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        How fast does a cheetah take off? Apparently so fast that some times it runs out of juice during the middle of a run and needs to take a break. That’s the case today as Busch Gardens Tampa’s latest coaster, Cheetah Hunt has Tampa fire and rescue working to get people off the coaster as one of the trains on the coaster has gotten stuck.

Cheetah Hunt is the latest coaster built at Busch Gardens Tampa, the coaster opened in 2011 to rave reviews. It’s a multi-launch coaster that uses LIM (Linear Induction Motors) that uses magnets to push the coaster off at high speeds. According to WTSP(click here for breaking news), the coaster became stuck with 16 riders on board in an area “hard to reach”. The coaster is in an area between launches, and is stuck on the track. The term is commonly referred to as “valleying”, which is simply when the coaster can’t make it between two break points. Mostly the term refers to a coaster that can’t make it up to the top of the next hill, though sometimes it can happen when conditions on the track, or with the wheels cause the coaster to stop suddenly.

It’s a relatively common problem, and nothing to be alarmed about. The media tends to blow coaster malfunctions out of proportion, simply because they happen so frequently. Coaster malfunctions do happen from time to time, but it’s hardly an every day occurrence. Serious injuries on coasters happen even less frequently. The last major accident on a coaster happened in 2013 when a woman fell out of the “New Texas Giant” at Six Flags Over Texas. The cause of that accident is under investigation, though it is believed (at this time) to be a combination of rider and manufacturer error, and generally considered to be a freak accident.

While Cheetah Hunt getting stuck is a rare occurrence, it does happen from time to time. During the media preview for Cheetah Hunt the coaster stopped without warning on the track, while we were on it.

Video-Cheetah Hunt stops on tracks at Busch Gardens Tampa



So, it does happen from time to time. Still, it shouldn’t sway you from riding, as we were right back on our way moments later. This time the coaster just didn’t stop in a convenient place, and it was made even worse by an approaching storm.

Update 5:33p.m.

Fire rescue are taking people off of the coaster, though it’s a slow process. At this time the coaster has about 13 people still on the ride. As expected, no injuries have been reported.

Update

Busch Gardens Tampa has released an official statement via their Facebook page:

At approximately 2:30 p.m. the Cheetah Hunt roller coaster unexpectedly stopped mid-ride with 15 guests on board. At the time the ride launched, weather conditions were clear and no storms were present. There was no indication of any operational issues with the ride prior to the launch. After attempts to shift the car back to its station proved unsuccessful, the decision was made to evacuate the ride. With the help of Tampa Fire Rescue, all passengers were safely evacuated and no injuries have been reported. The exact cause of the ride stoppage has yet to be determined. Busch Gardens takes the safety of its guests and employees very seriously and will conduct a thorough review of the coaster and its systems before reopening the ride.

It seems the coaster will be down until the park can figure out what caused the stall.

Update

Another official update from Busch Gardens Tampa confirms what we suspected, Cheetah Hunt will remain closed until they figure out what caused the stop.

Update: out of an abundance of caution Busch Gardens has decided to delay the opening of Cheetah Hunt to conduct additional testing to confirm the ride is operating as designed. Once the testing is complete, we will reopen Cheetah Hunt.

Update

Cheetah Hunt is now open, after a day of being closed.

Busch Gardens has confirmed Cheetah Hunt is operating within its design parameter and is open for guests today, Feb. 14. Safety systems for the ride performed as designed and all guests are able to safely disembark from the ride. All ride attractions are inspected daily by trained technicians to ensure they are operating properly. The safety of guests and team members is Busch Gardens’ highest priority.

So the coaster is deemed safe, and the rollback was just an odd occurrence.

Stay tuned for more information as we follow the story, and be sure to follow us on Twitter @BehindThrills for the latest updates!

For more information about Busch Gardens Tampa, including Cheetah Hunt, visit the official website by clicking here!       0136914-9c9f2f828b2d3bef3d7630e2e4d5b2a1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011207 00000000000 015256  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Shocking and gory details have emerged out of the investigations in the suicide of a 14-year-old boy in Mumbai. The suicide could possibly be India's first case of death linked to the social media challenge called Blue Whale.

Mumbai Police said the boy was addicted to the game. Blue Whale is a challenge-based underground game with a shadowy history, and has previously been linked to suicides in Russia and other countries.

India Today accessed the exclusive picture which the teenager took just before committing suicide. The photo was taken by the boy sitting on the terrace parapet. In the photo, the boy's legs can be seen, and the photo was captioned, "Soon the only thing you would be left with is a picture of me."

Manpreet Sahans, the boy who committed suicide, jumped from his seven-floor building's terrace Photo: Saurabh Vaktania Manpreet Sahans, the boy who committed suicide, jumped from his seven-floor building's terrace Photo: Saurabh Vaktania

The boy who committed suicide lived in Sher E Punjab in Andheri East. The boy jumped from his seven-floor building's terrace on Saturday. The teenager, a class nine student of an international school in Andheri, stayed with his parents and two elder sisters.

He dreamed of becoming a pilot and had expressed a desire to go to Russia for training. Russia is the country from where the Blue Whale Challenge is believed to have originated.

Mumbai Police has given advisory to all parents in the city to be more vigilant with their children. Mumbai Police said, "Parents are in a state of shock. Two people watched boy jumping from terrace. We advise people to look after their children and keep tab on their behaviour."

CHILLING DETAILS OF THE SUICIDE

According to investigations, the teenager had been using the internet to search for ways to jump from the terrace. This search was done by him two days before he committed suicide. An insider informed that he, while leaving school on Friday, had told his friends that he wouldn't be coming to school on Monday.

the teenager's behaviour had changed completely from a week before. His parents had doubts about his intentions but they did not expect him to commit suicide. They are now in a state of shock.

On the day of the suicide, he went up to the terrace and sat on the parapet for over 20 minutes. While sitting on the parapet he was continuously speaking to his friends on social media where he informed that he is going to commit suicide, but no one took him seriously and thought that it might be a joke.

A police officer, who is part of the investigation said, "A person from another building saw him sitting on the parapet and kept asking him to get down. The teenager even took a selfie with the person from where he was sitting and posted it on the group. He told his friends that one person was stopping him from committing suicide and that he would jump once he goes down."

The man on the other building left from his terrace to save him, but the teenager jumped off the terrace when he saw the person coming his way.

The boy had already jumped by the time the man reached. The man took him to a local hospital but was declared dead there.

BLUE WHALE

Blue Whale Challenge is a social media phenomenon said to have originated in Russia and its creator was reportedly arrested by Russian police earlier this year.

The game gives players a series of 50 quests, with the final task asking them to commit suicide. The game also asks players to document the completion of each task in the form of photographs.

The players are supposed to send the evidence of their completion to the game's administrator who then qualifies them to attempt the next task. Blue Whale's tasks range from the seemingly harmless - watching a scary video at 4 AM - to the disturbing - writing/drawing on arms with sharp objects.

For the final task, players are directed to jump off a terrace building and document the final act in the form of photos/video as well.

Blue Whale Challenge has spread across several countries and taken lives of hundreds of teenagers. The Andheri suicide, however, would likely be the first such case in India.

Following the suicide, a WhatsApp message warning parents about Blue Whale Challenge is doing the rounds in Mumbai. The message, seen by India Today, talks about the Andheri suicide and warns parents and advises them to be wary of handling their childrens' mobile phones or other devices that could allow them to access the online challenge.

ALSO READ:

Exclusive: Mumbai teen kills self, could be first Indian case of Blue Whale suicide challenge

Man, blinded by heartbreak, commits suicide by jumping off Bandra-Worli Sea Link

WATCH: This is What a Social Media 'Like Farm' Looks Like                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136923-45e3db1f7cf0b4c2a46a90b884349096.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014350 00000000000 015040  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        AP Photo State’s Afghanistan-Pakistan envoy leaves, spurring confusion about U.S. diplomacy in region

The State Department unit that deals with Afghanistan and Pakistan has lost its top official and its fate is uncertain, even as President Donald Trump weighs increasing U.S. military presence in the region.

The development has spawned confusion inside and outside the State Department about the future of the section known as the Office of the Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan, or SRAP.

Story Continued Below

Diplomats were initially led to believe that SRAP was being shut effective Friday and absorbed into the South and Central Asian Affairs Bureau of the State Department, which has seen its own leadership decimated. But late Friday evening, hours after POLITICO and other news outlets pressed for comment, and as criticism mounted, State Department spokeswomen Heather Nauert announced that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had not yet decided what to do about SRAP.

Nauert confirmed, however, that Friday was the last day in office for Laurel Miller, the acting special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan. Separately, sources confirmed that Friday was also the last day for a top Miller aide, Jonathan Carpenter, the acting principal deputy. People affiliated with SRAP held an impromptu farewell Friday afternoon, believing the unit would soon be part of the South and Central Asian bureau.

But in her statement, Nauert said the State Department will “maintain the Afghanistan and Pakistan Affairs Offices, which currently report to the Office of the Special Representative, to address policy concerns and our bilateral relationship with these two key countries. The secretary has not made a decision about the future of the Office of the Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan.”

Morning Defense newsletter Sign up for Morning Defense, a daily briefing on Washington's national security apparatus. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.

It was not clear who would lead the SRAP office now that Miller is gone. Nauert did not directly say Miller won’t be replaced. But Tillerson has indicated he is unhappy with the number of special envoys and plans to reduce them.

The decision to phase out SRAP first came under then-President Barack Obama and the expectation was that its duties would over time be transferred to the regional bureau. A U.S. diplomat familiar with the situation said Tillerson and his staff had been repeatedly warned about SRAP’s coming phase-out and the need to transfer the policy portfolios in a proper way.

But the secretary of state appeared in no hurry to facilitate the transfer. Now, U.S. officials and other observers worry that the changes under Tillerson leave unclear who is responsible for handling diplomacy toward Afghanistan and Pakistan at a very sensitive time.

“What is alarming from a policy perspective is that the transfer of function is not clear,” the U.S. diplomat said. “We’ve long planned for SRAP to go away, but the intention was for the policy to be transferred responsibly.”

Added a State Department official familiar with the situation: “There is uncertainty about the leadership of the regional bureau given recent departures.”

Overall, the developments underscore the rapid erosion of leadership at the State Department under Trump and Tillerson and the potentially damaging effects it could have on U.S. diplomatic efforts. Trump and Tillerson have failed to fill numerous leadership positions across the State Department. The South and Central Asian Affairs bureau in particular has seen unusually high levels of top staff departures. Unlike other regional bureaus, it does not even have an acting assistant secretary overseeing it.

With no special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan in place, it’s not certain who will hold the overall responsibility for overseeing the many relationships built with Afghan and Pakistani diplomatic counterparts. Such relationships need constant tending and can fade quickly.

Although there presumably will still be staffers, such as office directors, dealing with both countries, those positions do not carry as much weight as those of higher ranks. Even if one of those officials were named to a higher rank on an acting basis, he or she would still have limited sway over setting long-term policy.

Dan Feldman, a former special representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan, noted that the reduction in the U.S. diplomatic ranks comes as talks continue about surging U.S. troop levels in Afghanistan, where the Taliban still threaten the U.S.-backed central government. Instead of beefing up U.S. diplomatic efforts, it appears the military will dominate the process.

“If the goal of that military surge is to help energize a negotiated political settlement in Afghanistan, which even military leadership acknowledges is the only long-term sustainable resolution there, how can that be accomplished with a neutered State Department?” Feldman said.

Tillerson is looking at ways to restructure the entire State Department and has indicated that one reason so many positions have been left unfilled is because he’d prefer to reorganize the building before filling all the roles. The Trump administration’s budget plan envisions a roughly 30 percent cut to the State Department, so there’s anticipation that Tillerson will try to cut many positions. In any case, because many of State’s leadership roles require Senate confirmation, it could be well into 2018 before the department’s top levels are filled out.

The South and Central Asian Affairs bureau is a good illustration of how stretched State officials are.

The U.S. diplomat familiar with the SRAP issue said the highest-ranking official at the moment in the bureau is the acting principal deputy assistant secretary, Howard Vanvranken, whose background is more in management than policy. The man who had been serving as the bureau’s acting assistant secretary, William Todd, was transferred earlier this month to help run State’s human resources bureau, which has also seen leadership turnover. The regional bureau’s Web page lists only one serving deputy assistant secretary, and he deals with Central Asian countries.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0136043-7cd55ac809b56e01b041a531fe6c3235.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002254 00000000000 015010  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        We are a network of business leaders, investors, and inheritors in the richest 5% of wealth and/or income in the U.S. that believes that growing inequality is not in our best interest, nor in the best interest of society.

As beneficiaries of economic policies tilted in their favor, we feel a responsibility to join with others in examining and changing the corporate and government policies that widen the economic gap. As wealthy and upper-income individuals, we speak out — in Congress, in the media, and in corporate boardrooms — for progressive taxes and greater corporate accountability.

Responsible Wealth is a project of United for a Fair Economy — an organization that supports workers organizing and advocating for policies that make our economy more fair and equitable. Responsible Wealth and United for a Fair Economy make a powerful partnership — one that challenges decision makers and politicians to act in the best interests of the people our economy is supposed to serve. By becoming a member of the Responsible Wealth Project, you are able to use your unique voice to support a variety of progressive groups working on many economic, racial, and social justice issues.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0136933-832797cdcd05f0d325b0b05886516431.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010133 00000000000 014607  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As a little guilty pleasure of mine, sometimes I enjoy watching tv shows where there’s a dispute of paternity involved. You know what kind of shows I’m talking about: those where the host proclaims “Trevor, you are NOT the father” and within a split second the audience is shouting, howling and/or clapping and the presumable “father” is doing something that resembles Dr. Zoiberg’s happy dance.

But how do paternity tests work?

The entire premise is quite simple; the man will provide a sample of his DNA by swabbing the inside of his cheek to collect epithelial cells and his genetic information will be compared to the one from the child. If they are around 50% similar to each other then the laboratory can attest that both parties are related.

When babies are formed they get 50% of the nucleic DNA from each parent to achieve the 100% they need to develop properly so if baby Trevor Jr. doesn’t have close to a 50% match of his DNA with Trevor Sr. then we can assume that they are not related.

However, what if I told you that there is a species in which the male that mated with the female and produced the baby was not the father? Even better, his brother (the baby’s uncle) is the father even though he never even met the mother!

This is so crazy but I can assure it’s true!

And if you are thinking that it must be some barely known species of fish or invertebrate you couldn’t be more wrong. It’s a small New World monkey, the Wied’s marmoset (Callithrix kuhlii) that lives in the tropical forests of Brazil.

How is this possible?

The reason is simple; you see, in nature there are some very special individuals that have more than one DNA set. These individuals are called “chimeras”. The name came from the Greek mythology where the chimera was a creature that was made up of parts of several others animals.

While in Greek mythology chimeras looked quite crazy with part lion, part snake and part deer (or other variations), the real life chimeras existing on our planet are less easy to spot but equality exciting and the Wied’s marmoset is a great example of it.

These South American small monkeys are very well known for almost always giving birth to fraternal twins. As embryos in the womb of their mother, the twins’ placentas get fused together from an early stage in the development thus allowing stem cells the freedom to be transferred between both siblings. These stem cells are the ones that will eventually set up groups of cells and developing specific parts of the body.

So now follow me in this situation:

Marmoset A(ndre) and B(runo) are twin brothers and both chimera (as in, they both have sets of DNA from their twin brother).

Because of them being chimeras, when they were born, Andre ended up with his DNA in most parts of his body (such as the brain, muscles, liver, etc) but his testicles developed using Bruno’s DNA that got transferred through stem cells while they were in the womb.

This means that when Andre’s testicles produce sperm, the genetic information contained in this sperm will in fact be Bruno’s DNA.

Andre and Bruno were living in a Zoo and before they reached maturity, Bruno got transferred and Andre stayed behind.

Eventually they both reached sexual maturity and Andre got a female (C)arla pregnant.

When the babies were born the Zoo wanted to check out who the father was and tested the babies.

Because Andre’s testicles were producing sperm with Bruno’s DNA, their dad, Andre was technically and genetically not the dad.

This is how Bruno managed to father some babies even though he never even met Carla!

Nature can be so complex and crazy that sometimes I wonder if I’m reading a scientific article or watching a Mexican soap opera.

In case you want to know more about this very interesting topic feel free to read the (very detailed) article published by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.

Até à próxima!

~Sofia.

Advertisements

Posted in Articles, Behaviour, Mammals, Mating, Research

Tags: Callithrix kuhlii, chimera, dna, genes, genetics, marmosets, monkeys, nature, primates, research, science, stem cells, twins, Wied's Marmoset                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136821-51a50ecd5f0029f357c42cb1bda0da1b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012357 00000000000 015300  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        We’ve just released a new patch for Heroes of the Storm that applies a few Hero and Talent balance changes, and fixes a few bugs. Check out the patch notes below.

Heroes

Assassin

Falstad

Hammerang (Q) BOOMerang (Talent) Damage increased from 121 (+4% per level) to 150 (+4% per level)

Hinterland Blast (R) Base damage increased from 411 (+4.75% per level) to 475 (+4.75% per level)



Developer Comments: We’re primarily seeing players run Basic Attack builds as Falstad, and would like to make ‘mage’ Falstad a bit more powerful. We also felt that Hinterland Blast isn’t doing enough damage with its higher cooldown, so we’re further increasing that damage.

Return

Jaina

Basic Attack damage reduced from 89 (+4% per level) to 60 (+4% per level)

Frostbolt (Q) Damage increased from 160 (+4% per level) to 190 (+4% per level)

Cone of Cold (E) Damage increased from 189 (+4% per level) to 200 (+4% per level)



Developer Comments: We’re starting to pull Basic Attack damage out of characters who don’t rely upon it, namely Jaina and Kael’thas. For Jaina, this will make less of her damage guaranteed and allow for more advanced plays. Jaina’s win rate is also a little on the low end, so we want to offset the Basic Attack nerf and add to her overall power by buffing Frostbolt and Cone of Cold.

Return

Kael'thas

Basic Attack damage reduced from 87 (+4% per level) to 65 (+4% per level)

Arcane Barrier (Talent) Shield amount decreased from 200% to 150% Duration reduced from 6 to 4 seconds

Gravity Lapse (E) Stun duration reduced from 1.5 to 1.0 seconds

Phoenix (R) Cooldown increased from 40 to 60 seconds

Pyroblast (R) Damage increased from 730 (+4% per level) to 810 (+5% per level) Cooldown increased from 50 to 100 seconds Presence of Mind (Talent) Cooldown reduction for Pyroblast increased from 10 to 25 seconds per enemy hero hit



Developer Comments: Kael’thas is a powerful hero with too few downsides. We’re nerfing several aspects of his kit, and are still planning a Talent overhaul coming soon™. The stun duration of Gravity Lapse is too long and guarantees kills more often than we would like. Reducing the stun duration makes it less frustrating to play against and adds a bit more counterplay for the enemy team. Phoenix is the drastically favored Heroic Ability right now, and it’s up far too often. By nerfing its cooldown, while also pushing Pyroblast to create more impactful moments, we expect there will be more situations where Pyroblast is the optimal pick.

Return

Nova

Snipe (Q) Damage increased from 268 (+4% per level) to 295 (+4% per level) Snipe Master (Talent) Damage bonus increased from 5% to 12% per stack Maximum stack bonus increased from 50% to 60% Maximum stacks decreased from 10 to 5



Developer Comments: While we are happy with the variety of Talent options Nova has after the rework, her overall damage is too low. We like Snipe Master, and it encourages a different playstyle, but a single miss resets a ton of progress toward the Talent’s reward. With these changes, players will get more out of Snipe Master without having to rebuild so many stacks after a miss. We’ve heard a lot of community feedback and suggestions about not removing stacks as long as your Snipe hits something. We’ve discussed this, but feel that even if Snipe misses the intended target, it still hits something the majority of the time. By making this Talent sharp, with an obvious downside, it allows us to crank up the tuning and really celebrate flawless Nova play.

Return

Thrall

Basic Attack damage reduced from 173 (+4% per level) to 165 (+4% per level)

Sundering (R) Cooldown increased from 70 to 80 seconds



Developer Comments: Thrall sits near the top of our win charts, so we feel that small nerfs to his damage and most-picked Heroic Ability are necessary. We expect this to only slightly nudge Thrall down, as we’re otherwise happy with how he is currently being played.

Return

Support

Rehgar

Ghost Wolf (Trait) (D) Basic Attack damage bonus reduced from 100% to 75%

Lightning Shield (W) Damage reduced from 36 (+4% per level) to 30 (+4% per level)



Developer Comments: Rehgar’s new Talents have opened up a number of different strategies and builds, which has been exciting to see. We like this more aggressive playstyle, but noticed that the majority of Lightning Shield Talents are now clear winners. Focusing nerfs primarily on Lightning Shield’s damage will help to reduce Rehgar’s win rate and open up even more Talent options.

Return

Warrior

Diablo

Fire Stomp (W) Fire Devil (Talent) Damage reduced from 23 (+4% per level) to 17 (+4% per level)



Developer Comments: Diablo has hovered near the top of our win rate charts for a while. We wanted to see how the Tyrande nerfs would impact him first, as we know those characters have very strong synergy together. We haven’t seen much of a dip in Diablo’s win rate, so we’re targeting a ‘must pick’ Talent with this nerf.

Return

Bug Fixes

Art

Lunar Jaina’s legs will no longer separate from her body on endgame score screens.

Battlegrounds

Dying will no longer cause the player’s Healing Well cooldown to reset.

Heroes and Talents

Fixed an issue that could cause Greymane’s Gilnean Cocktail to deal more than the intended amount of damage in certain situations.

Return                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0136941-3ae34395c2526a9f7713c3a52107b947.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002131 00000000000 014610  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        It’s Memorial Day weekend, and that means summer is here. To celebrate, the Privateer Press Online Store is kicking things off with a Summer Sale loaded with great deals and bundles! There’s never been a better time to get into WARMACHINE and HORDES; we’re offering new 25-point starter army bundles with a free copy of WARMACHINE: Prime Mk II or HORDES: Primal Mk II! We’re also offering free international shipping on WARMACHINE and HORDES battlegroup boxes and the WARMACHINE Two-Player Battle Box. In addition, look for great deals on the Bodgers Game Scrappers and the Full Metal Battle Sport Grind!

It’s also your last chance to grab a copy of Voltron before it goes out of print forever! A complete stand-alone game, Voltron is also fully compatible with Monsterpocalypse. We’re offering Voltron at a special price and including a free limited edition gold Mega Voltron figure with every purchase while supplies last! Order your copy of Voltron before it’s gone forever!

Visit the Privateer Press Online Store now to take advantage of these great savings, and start your summer with a bang!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0136885-ba4f2b1992a52ea4bb2dba04e41b8d05.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000043123 00000000000 015312  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        WORDS

Neurofunk to me: you wake up, it’s 2pm it’s already dark, you get your breakfast and sit in front of a big computer. You don’t talk to anyone, all you can think of is yesterday’s frequency and you start working around it. It’s a lifestyle that’s similar to hackers; you’re surrounded by technology, you’re obsessed with searching. You’re inventing and you’ll never stop. You’re not social too much. You’re more of a scientist”. – Billain To me neurofunk is a way of life, since I’ve been producing it I’ve been no longer able to listen to the music in a “standard” way, you become a kind of scientist who analyzes and makes experiments in laboratory daily, you become the neurofunk”. – Maztek “To me it is just a term that tries to categorize a specific type of music you can’t really categorize. Neurofunk seems to be more of a full on movement these days. The music evolves too fast and constantly, so in my view you can’t really define the term musically anymore. That guy who wrote the neurofunk Wikipedia article actually described its very origin quite well. That old school neurofunk term to me is equal to Konflict’s Messiah or Ed Rush & Optical’s Point Blank. Whereas nowadays the sound of it is more diverse, digitized and a synthesized hybrid.” – Phace It’s the love of my life, besides my wife. For me it started in the late 90s, when I first heard the likes of Bad Company, Ed Rush & Optical, Stakka & Skynet, Konflict and the other pioneers – after experiencing their music, I knew I was hooked for life. Even when things seemed the darkest, about five years ago, when the never-ending mantra ‘D&B is dead’ was the strongest, several acts bailed and converted to dubstep – I started a neurofunk label. This how important neurofunk is to me.” – Jade It’s drum & bass that’s full – tonally and harmonically. Something that has you questioning how the hell the bass is so loud and rich and the drums are so clear and snappy, everything is clean but distorted and it doesn’t quite make any sense at all but somehow it all works. It’s almost impossible to describe without swearing or demonstrating with a shoe being thrown in a rave but if you hear something that makes you want to shout at someone next to you it’s quite possible it’s neruofunk you’re listening to.” – Xtrah

Phace describes it as the “punk rock of electronic music”, Maztek calls it “the rock & roll of electronic music”, Disprove describes it as “one of the most complete genres in electronic music”. We’re calling it one of the defining sounds in drum & bass 2015.

Cases in point: Noisia & The Upbeats winning Best Track for Dead Limit and Mefjus winning Best Album in the Drum&BassArena Awards. The success of Let It Roll Festival (lead picture) who have recently developed from their festival roots to launch their own label. The first Ed Rush & Optical album in over six years. Ed Rush’s brand new label Piranha Pool. Prolix’s new label Trendkill.

Truly unique, head-bending designs on tracks like June Miller & Mefjus – Saus and Billain – Kingston Drone. Current Value’s return from crossbreed to D&B. The Beatport dominance of Eatbrain and Blackout. The support it’s had on the most dominant D&B labels such as Critical, Shogun, Ram and Hospital.

From the ever-developing phenomenon that is Noisia to the next generation of new artists such as Signs, L 33, Zombie Cats, Doctrine, Trilo, A-Cray, Pythius, Hypoxia, the darker, techy, complex, neuro sides of drum & bass havn’t just been unavoidable but exciting, varied and progressive.

But why?

Could it be a natural knee-jerk to the poppier, commercial side of drum & bass? Could it be the influence of act such as Noisia, Mefjus, Phace and Misanthrop? Could it be the success of festivals this year? Have developments in production technology influenced the sound? We address these questions and more with the help of a wide range of the scene’s contributors and spokespeople…

I actually think that 2015 was a very strong year for Drum & Bass in general, no matter what sub-genre. For me personally 2015 has been one of the best years since I started to do my take on underground Drum & Bass music. I never released more music in one year and never have been touring that much.” – Phace To me it is the most boundary pushing and in terms of producing the most challenging kind of electronic dance music – in regards to sound design as well as rhythmical structures and time signatures without ever leaving its path in meeting top notch audio production standards and its purpose to make people dance.” – Current Value To us 2015 has definitely been a good year for neurofunk. Music-wise the quality has been there, and it seems that the genre (which is constantly in the process of being redefined) is heading in a new direction regarding arrangements, design and format … The genre is interesting, not boring at all or repeating itself in circles – it keep on opening new doors.” – Signs

Production standards, development and a disdain for stagnancy are definitely consistent themes among all producers we spoke to. In this way, neuro represents the technically-hungry, persistent and progressive foundations drum & bass was originally founded and really progressed into a world of its own 15-20 years ago with artists such as Photek and Ed Rush & Optical setting new sound design benchmarks, Goldie pushing ideas of arrangement and composition to new levels and Dillinja with his infamous mixdowns. Essentially neuro represents the original spirit of drum & bass.

Neurofunk or tech?

Before we get deeper, let’s get this clarify things; We’re calling it neurofunk. You could quite easily call it tech. We all know the type of drum & bass we’re talking about here and the more you focus on genre names the less you focus on the actual music and its creativity. But is there a line between the two descriptions? We asked Noisia so you don’t have to (really, don’t)…

That question is almost as uninteresting as it is hard to answer. What exactly is the consequence of knowing when a tune crosses the elusive Noisia-Tech-Neuro Meridian? Will opinions be adjusted? Governments overthrown?” – Noisia

Fair. Misanthrop, meanwhile, thinks that neurofunk is a stupid name and died 10 years ago…

Neurofunk to me is the combination of deep funk/jazz elements combined with dirty basslines, catchy hooks, funky drums and sci-fi sound design made mainly between 1998-2005. The newer stuff doesn´t transport the term neurofunk (very stupid name btw.) to me anymore. Which is not bad at all, because it’s fresh and sounds different. I would rather speak of techstep or tech drum and bass than of neurofunk in 2015.” – Misanthrop

Bad Taste bossman, and a quarter of the freshly reformed Bad Company, Vegas thinks the term neurofunk carries weight, although we should still see beyond pigeonholes.

To me it’s a bit of a weird word as I come from a place where it’s all called drum and bass but this word has definitely become real and what it stands for is the side of the scene that I love and have always followed” – Vegas

A new generation of producers and fans

Don’t forget about the most important people listening to this and attending the shows: they are young fans. Young fans want something strong and powerful and energetic. Neuro provides that. People give energy to music, music gives energy to them; right now they’re feeding each other.” – Teddy Killerz

With the Teddy Killerz observation in mind, neuro’s success and dominance right now is a ‘right time / right place’ thing. But Billain takes this deeper again. In his recent 2015 retrospective, he considers that the new generation of music fans have a different perception of production complexity. This is down to two things: being more technically savvy and being able to digest more and more information and the new benchmarks being set every year with tracks such as Saus or his own kickdrum-free Autonomous. Once a boundary has been broken, producers look to break the next one.

Eatbrain boss Jade, meanwhile, reckons neuro’s current success is also a kickback of dubstep…

I think a whole generation grew out of dubstep, looking for new stuff. Dubstep, even on the top commercial level, was heavily influenced by D&B. I couldn’t help but think about Noisia when I heard Skrillex’s hard growl basslines. These are speculations we have been talking about, I could be totally off as well. What I know for sure, is that there has never been so much quality neurofunk music released than this year. Thanks to especially Blackout, but RAM, Critical and Shogun have been releasing some heavy artillery as well. We also receive so many demos to Eatbrain, that it’s not even possible to get back to everyone. This means there is a new wave of young producers interested in neuro, which promises an even brighter future.”- Jade

Big Festivals & big label backing

Full-scene support with the most prominent labels in the genre is definitely key to neuro’s success. Shogun with the likes of Joe Ford and Fourward, Ram denting the spectrum with releases from Misanthrop, Audio, June Miller and the Teddy Killerz, Hospital releasing Reso’s powerful second album Ricochet.

It’s also had an exciting, successful year due to the success of big D&B exclusive festivals such as Let It Roll and its representation at some of the biggest EDM events such as EDC Las Vegas where the likes of Noisia, Ed Rush & Optical, Kasra, Enei, Foreign Concept, Black Sun Empire and State Of Mind performed.

Maybe drum & bass as a whole has grown, breaking new ground and proving that it works on festivals and big stages just as well as other genres that used to make D&B look underground? Festivals like Let It Roll really show just how massive the audience is, and what’s possible.” Noisia There are three corner stones; The really big names like Noisia and The Upbeats have really flown the flag for this type of music so there’s been a trickle down effect for newer guys like me. The festivals and shows have been incredible like Let It Roll. Before now platforms for the techier and neuro side of the music and haven’t existed on this level. And there are a lot of new young producers who want to make this music. Those are three corner stones for the progression of neurofunk. That adds up to the standing where we are. But all scenes are sinewaves; subgenres go up and down. But yeah 2015 has been incredible for all of us. It’s very refreshing.” – Mefjus

Neuro: the church of sound design

I look at it like this: if you can make the most technical music, make it sound good and know exactly how to control sound the way you want to control it, you can do what you want to the degree that you want, then that’s where a lot of electronic producers want to be…. I think?” – Xtrah

THE key characteristic of neuro: sound design. Noises you’ve never heard before, mixed at degrees of clarity previously unknown to producers before. We’ll let the masters explain why sound design in neuro is so exciting….

The quality is really high lately and I think drum & bass has always been like this. It’s research; an introspective journey through the complexity of the sound mixing energy to other emotions until you come to a unique style in the world of electronic music. From the jungle to the more modern or minimal neurofunk this music has always been unique, if that was the original mission and midset it’s still there. – Maztek Neurofunk did indeed enjoy a healthy year as we can hear more ‘daring’ or let’s call it ‘unorthodox’ sound design and arrangements. I mean this in an absolute positive way! I like how everything breathes these days… Bring back those dynamics! These are very inspiring times I think!” – Current Value I think the main reason for its success at the moment is that it’s the genre with the most advanced sound design and creative ideas. The producers are willing to question that standard D&B sound (read: amen breaks…) at the moment, which I think makes the whole genre extremely interesting. It’s a similar vibe like back in the DSCi4 Rec forum years. That said… The midrange reese filter bass could be the new amen in time…” – Misanthrop

Drum & Bass (and many other electronic music genres I can think of) always has been very connected to the technological evolution of music production. Particularly neurofunk. There is something fascinating about it. And we are living in a digital age that changed the whole production game drastically. As technology always will evolve (unless it all just blacks out one day…) the music will always progress too. The young, hungry and rebellious D&B scene always seems to strive for the next thing. That’s a very healthy attitude if you ask me. Nothing is worse than standstill.” – Phace

However, sound design is just the start. Tunes still have carry a groove, some type of funk and fresh ideas. Like Mefjus and Phace’s Bang Bang or Noisia & The Upbeat’s Mouthbreather.

The technological marvel doesn’t actually make the music any good… It’s just a way to get excited about what you’re making, which then, hopefully, transfers to the listener. It’s just a way in. What eventually makes the tune good or not, above all else, is the vibe and the groove (like any D&B subgenre). Sound design only serves to compound that. It’s a lot of fun though!” – Noisia

Is neuro’s current popularity related to the commercial success of pop D&B?

When considering this feature and speaking to artists, I wondered if neuro was the necessary bitter yin to chart-topping D&B’s sugary sweet yang? While some artists are enjoying their newfound love for songwriting, more underground artists react and make even darker, heavier, more dangerous sounding productions. “In its pure form it’s not very radio-friendly,” agrees Eatbrain founder Jade. “It’s hard to find a catchy happy melody in these tunes, which are primarily aggressive and dark.”

Sonically, it is the perfect counter to the radio-friendly commercial drum & bass. But the creative mission behind it isn’t a contrived reaction. Dark designs have been constructed long before Rudimental even started high school. If anything, commercial drum & bass has played a major role in neuro’s development as the entry point for new drum & bass fans…

The commercial world has actually educated people in this sound. People can’t help falling in love with drum and bass when they are exposed to it. Like a drug, it heads straight for your heart and makes you rush. And, like a drug, you want more. So you search and you search and then you find the refined version which makes you rush even more. Mmmmmmmmm. At the same time as this new thirst for drum and bass has arisen the production levels and musical ideas have all collided into some of the most advanced music ever created in history!” – Vegas

In this sense; it is right time, right place. All the puzzle pieces are in place for an exciting creative breeding ground for futuristic, aggressive, complex electronic music: advanced technology, fresh fans and producers with new ideas, the right environments to play the music in and, let’s face it, a politically charged world climate and paranoid sense of authority control that’s not too far away from the dystopian future we were foretold growing up.

PLUS key subgenre frontrunners who refuse to compromise and come with real character and humour. Any conversation about neuro/techy drum & bass will always refer to Noisia. London Elektricity describes them as one of the top three drum & bass acts full stop, Kasra, meanwhile, cites them for their passion for the underground, their support for new artists, their refusal to compromise and the way they compose themselves.

“Some artists who play on the biggest stages have to compromise to get there. Noisia don’t. They have character and it comes across in their artwork, on their radio show,” he states. “I think this is a key point: Music is supposed to be fun… I think we’re getting better at remembering this fact. There are other ways of presenting the music; it doesn’t have to be an all-black record cover with a skull on it. Just because music is hard it doesn’t mean it’s made by miserable people with no personality.”

The cult of personality is key: in the 90s and early 2000s drum & bass artists could sometimes be moody and reserved. In a way they had to be: the genre was in a league of its own (both tempo-wise and sonically) and the media didn’t get it so they either criticised it or cashed in on its danger factor when it pleased them… Before declaring it dead. Again. Back then you either got drum & bass or you didn’t. And those who got it enjoyed its best kept secret feeling and strove to maintain that in order to maintain some sense of purity. Even among DJs that behaviour was clear with the pimp-tight dubplate culture dictating who had what tunes.

This sense of reservation, distrust of media and tightness among crews is no longer necessary: the age of internet dominance, the sound of commercial drum & bass massaging the wider music psyche into accepting the faster, wilier dynamics and the fact that it’s a global movement and not just coming from the UK have created a different behaviour code; artists are more open, presentation has changed, new concepts are being developed and the scene – D&B at large, not just neuro – is much more open with everyone willing to help each other. “Many producers are happy to share their techniques now. It’s more of a vibe thing,” agree the Teddy Killerz. Disprove does too. We’ll leave him to sign off the debate with one clear message: 2015 has been a great year for drum & bass full stop, not just neuro…                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0136871-8ba2c62f2990e468e5a4a17382a33913.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020701 00000000000 014676  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As I’ve gotten to know Scala better, I’ve begun to appreciate its simple power in ways which have caught me by surprise. When I picked up the language, I was expecting to be wowed by things like type inference and a more concise syntax. I wasn’t expecting to fall in love with Option .

The Option Monad

In case you don’t know, Option is a class in the Scala core libraries. It is what object-oriented developers would call “a simple container”. It simply wraps around an instance of some type as specified in its type parameter. A simple application would be in a naive integer division function:

def div ( a: Int ) ( b: Int ) :Option [ Int ] = if ( b <= 0 ) None else if ( a < b ) Some ( 0 ) else Some ( 1 + div ( a - b ) ( b ) . get )

Pretty straightforward stuff. This method repeatedly subtracts the dividend by the divisor until it is strictly less than the divisor. Of course, the fact that I wrote this as a pure function using currying, recursion and complex expressions obfuscates the meaning somewhat, but you get the drift. What’s really interesting here is the use of Option to encapsulate the result. Here’s how we could use this method to perform some useful(?) calculations:

div ( 25 ) ( 5 ) // => Some(5) div ( 150 ) ( 2 ) // => Some(75) div ( 13 ) ( 4 ) // => Some(3)

Nothing earth-shattering in the mathematical realm, but it provides a useful illustration. Each return value is wrapped in an instance of class Some , which is a subclass of Option . This doesn’t seem very useful until we consider what happens when we try to divide values which break the algorithm:

div ( 13 ) ( 0 ) // => None div ( 25 ) ( -5 ) // => None

Instead of getting an integer result wrapped in an enclosing class, we get an instance of a totally different class which doesn’t appear to encapsulate any value at all. None is still a subclass of Option , but unlike Some it does not represent any specific value. In fact, it would be more accurate to say that it represents the absence of a value. This makes a lot of sense seeing as there really is no sane value for the first computation, and the second is simply incomputable with the given algorithm.

Retrieving a value from an instance of Option can be done in one of two ways. The first technique is demonstrated in the div method itself (calling the no-args get method). This is nice because it’s terse, but it’s not really the preferred way of doing things. After all, what happens if the value in question is actually an instance of None ? (the answer is: Scala throws an exception) This really doesn’t seem all that compelling as a means of encapsulating return values. That is why pattern matching is more frequently employed:

div ( 13 ) ( 0 ) match { case Some ( x ) => println ( x ) case None => println ( "Problems" ) } // => prints "Problems" div ( 25 ) ( 5 ) match { case Some ( x ) => println ( x ) case None => println ( "Problems" ) } // => prints "5"

Pattern matching allows us to deconstruct Option values in a type-safe manner without the risk of trying to access a value which really isn’t there. Granted, the pattern matching syntax is a bit more verbose than just calling a get polymorphically, but it’s more about the principle of the thing. It’s easy to see how this could be quite elegant in a non-trivial example.

Compared to null

This is very similar to a common pattern in C++ and Java. Often times a method needs to return either a value or nothing, depending on various conditions. More importantly, some internal state may be uninitialized, so a common “default” value for this state would be null . Consider the following lazy initialization:

public class Example { private String value; public String getValue ( ) { if ( value == null ) { value = queryDatabase ( ) ; } return value; } } // ... Example ex = new Example ( ) ; System. out . println ( ex. getValue ( ) ) ;

Well, that’s all well and good, but there’s two problems with this code. Number one, there’s always the potential for stray null pointer exceptions. This is certainly less of a concern in Java than it was back in the days of C and C++, but they still can be annoying. However, let’s just assume that we’re all good programmers and we always check potentially- null values prior to use, there’s still the problem of primitive types. Let’s change our example just a bit to see where this causes issues:

public class Example { private int value; public int getValue ( ) { if ( value == ??? ) { // er...? value = queryDatabase ( ) ; } return value; } } // ... Example ex = new Example ( ) ; System. out . println ( ex. getValue ( ) ) ;

If you’re following along at home, your compiler will probably complain at this point saying that what you just wrote was not valid Java. If your compiler didn’t complain, then you have some more serious issues that need to be addressed.

Primitive values cannot be valued as null because they are true primitives (an int is actually a bona-fide integer value sitting in a register somewhere at the hardware level). This too is a holdover from the days of C and C++, but it’s something we have to deal with. One of the consequences of this is that there is no reasonable “non-value” for primitive types. Many people have tried clever little tricks to get around this, but most of them lead to horrible and strange results:

public class Example { private Integer value = null ; public int getValue ( ) { // forgot to init... return value; } }

This code will fail at runtime with a NullPointerException oddly originating from the return statement in getValue() . I can’t tell you how many times I’ve spent hours sifting through code I thought was perfectly safe before finally isolating a stray null value which the compiler happily attempted to autobox.

It’s worth briefly mentioning that a common “non-value” for integers is something negative, but this breaks down when you can have legitimate values which fall into that range. In short, there’s really no silver bullet within the Java language, so we have to turn elsewhere for inspiration.

Option in Java

I was actually working on an algorithm recently which required just such a solution. In this case, the primitive value was a boolean , so there wasn’t even a conventional non-value to jump to. I hemmed and hawed for a while before eventually deciding to implement a simple Option monad within Java. The rest of the API is remarkably functional for something written in Java (immutable state everywhere), so I figured that a few monadic types would feel right at home. Here’s what I came up with:

public interface Option<T> { public T get ( ) ; } public final class Some<T> implements Option<T> { private final T value; public Some ( T value ) { this . value = value; } public T get ( ) { return value; } } public final class None<T> implements Option<T> { public None ( ) { } public T get ( ) { throw new UnsupportedOperationException ( "Cannot resolve value on None" ) ; } }

The usage for this code looks like this:

public class Example { private Option<Boolean> value = new None<Boolean> ( ) ; public boolean getValue ( ) { if ( value instanceof None ) { value = queryDatabase ( ) ; } return value. get ( ) ; } }

Once again, Java has demonstrated how needlessly verbose and annoying its syntax can be. In case you were wondering, the generics are necessary on None primarily because Java has such a poor type system. Effectively, null is an untyped value which may be assigned to any class type. Java has no concept of a Nothing type which is a subtype of anything. Thus, there’s no way to provide a default parameterization for None and the developer must specify.

Now this is certainly not the cleanest API we could have written and it’s definitely not a very good demonstration of how monads can be applied to Java, but it gets the job done. If you’re interested, there’s a lot of good information out there on how do do something like this better. The point was not to create a pure monad though, the point was to create something that solved the problem at hand.

Conclusion

Once you start thinking about structuring your code to use Option in languages which have built-in support for it, you’ll find yourself dreaming about such patterns in other, less fortunate languages. It’s really sort of bizarre how much this little device can open your mind to new possibilities. Take my code, and give it a try in your project. Better yet, implement something on your own which solves the problem more elegantly! The stodgy old Java “best practices” could use a little fresh air.                                                               0136800-1d94020c8c51fdef1ee0e640c2a74dad.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006440 00000000000 015311  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Healthy eating just got a little more complicated.

New research from the University of Toronto shows certain vegetable oils that claim to be healthy may actually increase the risk of heart disease.

And the results mean Health Canada should reconsider cholesterol-lowering claims on food labelling, says Dr. Richard Bazinet, lead author of the new study which is available online now at the Canadian Medical Association Journal.

“This is important information for people buying certain foods because of the heart benefits when really, that’s not accurate,” says Bazinet, of U of T’s department of nutritional sciences. “While most of these foods are a good choice, there are a few notable exceptions.”

Bazinet and his team report that replacing saturated animal fats with polyunsaturated vegetable oils had become common practice for consumers, based on the understanding that such oils reduce serum cholesterol levels and help prevent heart disease. Since 2012, Health Canada's Food Directorate has allowed the food industry to use a label on the oils – and foods containing the oils – claiming “a reduced risk of heart disease by lowering blood cholesterol levels."

But researchers say it’s more complicated than the label suggests – and the problem lies in the ratio of two kinds of polyunsaturates fatty acids found in the oils.

"Careful evaluation of recent evidence, however, suggests that allowing a health claim for vegetable oils rich in omega-6 linoleic acid but relatively poor in omega-3 α-linolenic acid may not be warranted," write Bazinet and Michael Chu, Lawson Health Research Institute and Division of Cardiac Surgery at Western University in London, Ontario.

Corn and safflower oil, which are rich in omega-6 linoleic acid but contain almost no omega-3 α-linolenic acid, are not associated with beneficial effects on heart health, Bazinet says.

The authors cite a study published earlier this year in February 2013 in which "...the intervention group replaced saturated fat with sources of safflower oil or safflower oil margarine (rich in omega-6 linoleic acid but low in omega-3 α-linoleic acid). They found that the intervention group had serum cholesterol levels that were significantly decreased (by about 8%–13%) relative to baseline and the control group, which is consistent with the health claim."

However, rates of death from all causes of cardiovascular disease and coronary artery disease significantly increased in the treatment group, says Bazinet.

"When the new results were added to a meta-analysis, the net result was a borderline 33 per cent increase in heart disease risk for oils rich in omega-6 and poor in omega-3, with absolutely no evidence of a benefit as is implied by the health claim," Bazinet says.

In Canada, omega-6 linoleic acid is found in corn and safflower oils as well as foods such as mayonnaise, creamy dressings, margarine, chips and nuts. Canola and soybean oils, which contain both linoleic and α-linolenic acids, are the most common forms of oil in the Canadian diet.

“We suggest that the health claim be modified such that foods rich in omega-6 linoleic acid but poor in omega-3 α-linolenic acid be excluded," conclude the authors.

(Read the research article in CMAJ.)

Michael Kennedy is a writer with University Relations at the University of Toronto.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136947-fd40b402b59d9fcdc8ecb47e54f95ca8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004141 00000000000 015436  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Quote Let's talk about the pengui... elephant in the room If you read the above paragraph, it might not come as a major surprise to you, but we are proud to announce that we will add an Open GL implementation and support for running your EaaS games on Linux with one of our next updates. For now, Linux support will be limited to the game launcher, and the Sandbox editor will still require Microsoft Windows. And of course, Linux support will be subject to the same developer-friendly terms as on Windows: Your monthly subscription fee will allow you to sell your games for Linux in addition to Windows, with no additional fees or royalties required.



While we can't pin an exact date on this update, we wanted to give you an early heads-up so you can start planning your Linux ports today!

Today, CryTek's Brand Manager, Marcel Hatam was kind enough to push this announcement in our direction, outlining a "small, but important" update to the EULA for their Engine as a Service platform, confirming that the long awaited Linux client release of the CryEngine is near on the horizon.Details are scarce at the moment, but the announcement does state that there won't be extra royalties involved with deploying to Linux and that they won't be offering Linux support for the editor at this stage. We also have confirmation that this will be landing in a 3.x release, which hopefully means that we'll see an easier migration path for existing CryEngine 3 games than would exist if Linux support were landing in CryEngine 4.One thing worth noting, is that with the announcement being specifically about updates to the the EaaS EULA , it's unclear at this point in time whether or not full licence holders will be getting access at the same time.Below is an excerpt from the full news update It's nearly been 2 years since Crytek advertised for a Linux developer , and in the meantime, developers of games such as Evolve, StarCitizen, SNOW, Kingdom Come: Deliverance and CryTek themselves with Homefront: The Revolution have shown signs of interest in supporting Linux.It's going to be exciting to see how this unfolds across the rest of the year!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0136895-beae48d364fbd201c02c195f33f3c0a5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020524 00000000000 015243  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Skip to comments.

Court refuses trial by combat

Posted on by dighton

A court has rejected a 60-year-old mans attempt to invoke the ancient right to trial by combat, rather than pay a £25 fine for a minor motoring offence.

Leon Humphreys remained adamant yesterday that his right to fight a champion nominated by the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) was still valid under European human rights legislation. He said it would have been a reasonable way to settle the matter.

Magistrates sitting at Bury St Edmunds on Friday had disagreed and instead of accepting his offer to take on a clerk from Swansea with samurai swords, Ghurka knives or heavy hammers, fined him £200 with £100 costs.

Humphreys, an unemployed mechanic, was taken to court after refusing to pay the original £25 fixed penalty for failing to notify the DVLA that his Suzuki motorcycle was off the road.

After entering a not guilty plea, he threw down his unconventional challenge. Humphreys, from Bury St Edmunds, said: I was willing to fight a champion put up by the DVLA, but it would have been a fight to the death.

© Copyright of Telegraph Group Limited 2002.



TOPICS:

Extended News

News/Current Events

United Kingdom

KEYWORDS:





To: dighton

classic



To: dighton

"Leon Humphreys remained adamant yesterday that his right to fight a champion nominated by the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) was still valid under European human rights legislation." Anyone know if this method of settling a legal dispute is still legal as he claims?



To: Maedhros

"Humphreys, an unemployed mechanic, was taken to court after refusing to pay the original £25 fixed penalty for failing to notify the DVLA that his Suzuki motorcycle was off the road."



Sometimes you can't win for lose-first ya gotta register the damn thing to get it on the road,then ya gotta pay to let the thing sit in the garage.Samari Swords sounds reasonable in this situation-the court officers are just chicken.



To: etcetera; aculeus; general_re; BlueLancer; hellinahandcart; Poohbah; Thinkin' Gal; MadIvan

Anyone know if this method of settling a legal dispute is still legal as he claims? I'll ping my distinguished panel of . . . . . . . . . . . . . . experts.



To: dighton

his offer to take on a clerk from Swansea with samurai swords, Ghurka knives or heavy hammers Oh sure, he goes for that wuss from Swansea.



To: Drippy



Yes, Suzuki troubles to be worked out with samurai swords.

Sounds OK, but most of the swords are in collections?

May be better off with claw hammers from K-mart.



To: dighton

£25 fixed penalty for failing to notify the DVLA that his Suzuki motorcycle was off the road. I wonder if they billed T.E. Lawrence's estate for that one.



To: etcetera

I believe trial by combat only applied to felonies, which this is obviously not.



To: dighton

According to Blackstone's Commentary, the last trial by wager of battel (that's how it's spelled) was in the thirteenth year of the reign of Elizabeth I (about 1570)



This method of trial had been introduced into England by William the Conqueror.



Apparently abolished during the reign of George III (the king during the American Revolution).



So, the dude doesn't know his own law.



To: fqued; etcetera

Thank you. Etcetera, see #10.



To: DUMBGRUNT

Claw Hammers would be less glamorous than Samari Swords,but the guy said hammers would be fine,I'm sure he could have accomplished his job with one of those just fine.



To: dighton

This is the finest article I have ever read. Huzzah! for the ol' boy.... Who do I gotta f%$# to get on your ping list?



To: chookter

Who do I gotta f%$# to get on your ping list? No one. A bribe gratuity of $5,000 will suffice.



To: dighton

Just dug this up The Many Variations of Trial by Combat ------------------------------------------------------------ The variations of Medieval trial by combat were enormous. For example, 13th century English law required a robber turned "kings Evidence" to pledge to convict all his accomplices before recieving his pardon. These convictions were to be obtained via trial by combat if necessary, and the accused could challenge the turncoat robber to trial by combat before that testimony was proven. The court was pledged to pay for his outfitting to do such combat by sustaining him with a stipend and equipment for battle until his freedom or death was attained. A "bill" noted from 1190 in Lincolnshire showed an expence of one thousand ducats (15s 10d) for a certain man plus fifty ducats (1s) per diem, in addition to the 300 ducats (6s) for three combats and charges for the carts and horses to bring the accused criminals from Lincoln to London for the combat. As this was all part of the judicial process, there were many stipulations that had to be met. Each "country" or region had its own pecularities. One fairly universal requirement was the avowing that no "soceries" were employed by either combatant. In 1355 a case developed between the Bishop of Salisbury and the Earl of Salisbury, both contesting ownership of certain lands. Upon examining the combatants personages, the judges found that the champion for the Bishop had secreted many scripts and prayers into his garb. He was disqualified and the Bishop made to pay 187,500 ducats (1,500) marks for the property. A typical pledge before combat went something like this: "This hear you Justices, that I have this day neither eaten, drunk, nor have upon me either bone, stone, ne glass, or any enchantment, socery or witchcraft where-through the power of God might be strengthened or diminished, nor the devils power increased, and that my appeal is true, so help me God and his saints, and by this book." (circa 1571) The 13th century English could only bring about combat in "doubtful" cases where jury decisions were not possible. Cases of violence were settled by jury but cases of suspected poisoning had the choice of confession or combat.



To: dighton

This could get ugly. click 1) A part of the Maryland Constitution defines the common law of Maryland as the Common Law of England as of July 4, 1776 2) In A celebrated case in England in the 1850's a litigant who was due to lose a huge case in desperation issued a challenge for trial by combat to his opponents and showed up in front of the courthouse in full armor at the appointed time. When the other side failed to show up he demanded (and got) a victory by default. A reluctant judge concluded that since it never been altered by statute, trial by combat was still a valid part of English Common Law. An emergency session of Parliment was called the next week to formally outlaw the practice once and for all. 3) Maryland however, never followed suit, so technically Trial by combat remains "on the books" of MD Common Law... (Note to self, bring an armored suit when visiting Maryland.)



To: xJones

I believe that Senator Barbara Ann Mikulski is a DemonRAT. Any FReeper from Maryland want to challenge her to trial by combat?



To: xJones

..........technically Trial by Combat remains "on the books" of MD Common Law... Very interesting. If Spendenning had'nt had to leave the Governors love nest maybe we could have gotten Dr. Raoul or Sauropod to try it out.



To: etcetera

... still valid under European human rights legislation. There is some precedent. Rich twins (Scotish publishers) who own an island under the control of the Baliwick of Guernsey challenged the Baliwick's application of (interestingly) medieval law to twart the twins' inheritence scheme. They argued that the European Convention on Human Rights trumped the Baliwick law. The Channel Islands are still legally part of the Duchy of Normandy, not the UK, and thus some medieval law still prevails. I think the twins won (of course the only reason they lived in the Baliwick was to avoid income tax). This case appears opposite - defendant is attmepting to use the Convention to invoke a medieval right. I give him about as much chance as a Montana Freeman invoking (non-existent) Common Law Courts.



To: dighton

RPGs at 20 paces



Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.

FreeRepublic , LLC, PO BOX 9771, FRESNO, CA 93794

FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000-2008 John Robinson                                                                                                                                                                            0136939-fa30e01031104293a90eb96c7b849123.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000024600 00000000000 014601  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Why do people die?

What is the essence of Taoist alchemy?

Xing and Ming. Fusion of soul XING with energy MING

Why do people die, if they have no diseases? Old age is the reason, you may say. But why does this old age come, what is the mechanism of it? A man grows old and dies because he is spending his vital energy. It's like a battery in a toy, when the battery is new – the toy car runs, but when the battery has run out – the toy car stops...And what kind of "battery" is it? It is something that is located in the area of the abdomen in the human body (compare stomach and stamina).

In Chinese tradition “the battery” is called MING 命, translated as life or destiny. (“How much stamina one has?”). So, this Ming - battery otherwise known as yuanqi 元氣 in traditional Chinese medicine, but in Taoism a different character is used 元炁 - the primordial qi*. It is getting spent. And when it ends, then a "kind" man with a scythe comes.

Ming is a tangible real substance and it can be felt, given a perfected sensitivity. Ming can be replenished only by mastering the since Taoist alchemy (just to emphasize that, according to the records of our school, some other traditions also posses such an essentially identical method, ). Note that to "Die" in Chinese is written emphatically: 失命 i.e. LOST MING.

But apart from Ming there is still another substance. It is located in the chest, and any other spiritual schools strive to perfect it. All of them base their teachings on it. It is called XING 性, which is translated as nature, the nature of the heart. In Chinese it is also called 心性 XIN XING or 本性 BEN XING. All the many methods of meditations and praying, stopping the internal dialogue, etc appeal to this. The mechanism is simple in theory - it is necessary to reduce the vibrations, to remove the waves and gradually reach a full peace. If you will perfect at this even further, then you will go into a stable peace, the breath will go away, the heart will almost stop beating and A Yin spirit YINSHEN will be able to leave of the body. This is what actually called enlightenment in the late Chan Buddhism. In addition, this work may lead to the improvement of specific abilities. This spirit is something that in many cultures is called a ghost. This spirit is identical to the soul that leaves the body at death – which is also called YINSHEN.

However, in contrast to the dying person, the spirit of the practitioner is connected to the body. When this out of the body experience happens, and then the spirit returns to the body, there are the certain signs which indicate that it did really happen. However many modern practitioners do not get out of the body, and with closed eyes travel in their fantasies. And that is a different phenomenon.

All religions and the latest doctrines hope for such an out of body experience, hence the attention to MORALITY is so strong. Control the passions - that's their main slogan.

If such a practitioner has not reached the mastery, he, at his death like all the dead souls, will go to a worser world (hell - in Christian terminology). After death the life memories of an ordinary person is not preserved, but the memories of a person, who has attained perfection at YINSHEN, will be preserved. But he can’t do anything with it and he can’t be reborn as a human being again. The teacher for him can only be another Yin spirit, i.e. another being from the lower worlds. The upper worlds are closed for the YINSHEN.

Xing and Ming are the separated parts of the primordial Unity. If Xing is a Yin part, then Ming is a Yang part. The YIN spirit (i.e. Xing) is inert and has no energy, and therefore he can’t rise to higher worlds. He needs energy similarly to a rocket needing fuel for the takeoff. Using only the meditation and any methods tied to Xing only changes the Yin'S characteristics, but makes no qualitative change. The ancient Taoist tradition (and with it those that I have already mentioned) uses the energy of Ming for fusion with Xing.Thus it turns these two into a Yang Spirit , also called a Tao fetus, who has the real potential and can move to higher worlds. So it is the Fusion of the energy Ming with the soul Xing that is the essence of alchemy.

Thus, the goal of alchemy - to fuse the soul Xing with the energy Ming and creating a yang Spirit – a Tao fetus, who has the real potential and can move to higher worlds.

How to perfect Xing you can understand by yourself or from the books, but how to perfect Ming you can get only in oral precepts of your Teacher. And important question is: Why it is so? Because of the fact that the secret of Ming is the secret of Life and Death! In carrying out the practice Ming the person violates a natural law (remember the saying "studying from the nature"). This law establishes that an ordinary person SHOULD BE BORN, GROW, LEAVE OR NO AFTER HIMSELF HIS PROGENY AND HIS ACTIONS, THEN GROW OLD AND DIE. Recall the Taoist phrase: "My destiny (MING!) is inside me, it is not from Heaven!" That is, a Taoist does not follow “the Nature", but instead overcomes it and goes against it.

The method passed on by a Teacher is not so complicated, so everyone can change their destiny - Ming. You do not need a special morality, you just need hard work and persistence. An ordinary person, even talented, does not have enough time to do too much of anything – whether good or evil. At childhood and at youth there are a lot of unconscious, automatic behavior. At maturity, when you just started to get your strength, the diseases and decline start to kick in. When a person reaches the top of his comprehensions of the meaning of life, ironically there is no longer the strength to do something.

As well said by Zhang Boduan: "Human life is so much as bubble on the water; yesterday one was on a horse, and now the corpse lies in the coffin, immersed in a death dream". "Remember the Death" – is one of the principles of ancient traditions. And now you can change your destiny, prolong life. What does this mean for mankind? Is this possible without responsibility?

So, why Xing can be understood by yourself or from books? Because the mind works rather manifestly, if we just watch it, we can understand that it is useful not to be overly emotional; the calm mind brings feelings of purity and reinvigoration, etc. If you go further, you can even bring out your own spirit from the body (Yin of course). However, it should be done carefully, because if a person is weak, the spirit will not return to the body and a death will occur. Therefore, you can learn it by yourself or from the books.

As for Ming, then the person can’t understand anything. He could only feel the difference between a young age and the old one etc, but it is difficult to determine whether the energy flows out, or comes in. To see all of these processes clearly you need to be already a being with the cosmic level of thinking. Every second of life staying in the illusion of a permanence, we actually run on an invisible treadmill. What happens to the Universe, how are the energies change, who does understand this now? I.e. to replenish the Ming a new you should be able to change with the cosmos, picking what assists to this task and rejecting anything else. This is the doctrine of changes of the ancient Chinese. How can modern people understand that, living by a bland clock hours and practicing in accordingly? At any modern qigong you will hear that the time and space do not matter, that your practice of qigong helps you “go beyond the natural laws”. And this is said about ordinary people who are can’t even get rid of the laws of heat and cold, food and hunger, but presume to “get rid of the influence of the Cosmos”!

So then the modern person has no alternative, but to seek a direct transmission of knowledge , which stems from the time, when the mankind have a clear understanding of cosmic laws. Of course, we can assume that a genius who can understand these law without could be born. But such an extraordinary person will not need anything at all from this world let alone a transmission. On the other hand there exist fake methods invented by ordinary people, these methods are usually only a projection of their mind and have nothing to do with the laws of Cosmos. Here is an example: Did Someone deciphered the Yi Jing? I think the answer is obvious.

Hence stem here need for the personal transmission. In this case firstly there will be no distortions, and secondly there will be personalized training for each person. Thirdly, in order to avoid deviations the practice will be done under the oversight of Teacher (and not like today, in stadiums, where participants do anything they want). Also, a ritual of accepting a student is a promise by the Teacher to be personally responsible for his student, to vouch for him, including with teachers own destiny...



古圣有言曰命由性修 性由命立 命者炁也性者神也炁 则本不离神神则有时 离炁

Ancient sages said:

Ming is perfected starting from Xing. Because you need the true spiritual condition to find your Teacher and then to practise, i.e. you need the correct state of mind while practicing.

Xing is established starting from Ming. Without repleniching and perfecting of Ming the true spiritual work is impossible.

Qi is inherently inseparable from the Shen (the spirit). If qi ever comes apart from shen, there will be an instant death. So while the person is alive they are inseparable. (This refers to the out of body experiences of the spirit when qi remains in the body)

The author © Dmitry A. Artemyev

Notes:

* While the character reads qi in the both first and the second example, it refers to a different energy. Doctors know only the post heaven energy - houtian, while Taoists practise with pre-heaven one - xiantian... Therefore, doctors don not understand what is contained in the kidneys, mistakenly writing 元氣. Ming and the primordial qi (the Taoist one) are the same.

Xiantian – pre-heaven, given before birth and can’t be changed in the direction of the increasing by the ordinary man. Houtian – post heaven, the energy that "feeds" a man after the birth: food, water, air, external qi ... a lot of things, but the main thing is that it can’t replace the pre-heaven energy...

Ming is not located exactly in the kidneys but is closely tied to them, as the system of the kidneys is a a part of a reproducing- discharging system of the human body, so the kidneys spend their energy directly for the purpose of reproducing...                                                                                                                                0136925-ca006cda48b06cff745afd6649eb5ce3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000061014 00000000000 015416  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Back Issues Back Issues discusses a major comic of the past, reevaluating its strengths and weaknesses while exploring the cultural context of its creation and how it has impacted the future of the comic-book medium and industry.

This week: The Sandman trade paperback #7, Brief Lives, covering issues #41-#49.

Plot synopsis: Dream and his siblings return to the spotlight as Delirium sets out on a quest to find her long-absent brother, Destruction. After Desire and Despair reject Delirium’s requests for help, she asks Dream for his assistance, and he agrees, eager to forget about recent heartbreak. Their journey takes them to a travel agent from ancient Babylon, a 15,000-year-old lawyer, and a stripping goddess of love before Dream ends the quest when he realizes that their mission is costing innocent lives. After a conversation with Death, Dream reconsiders his stance and resumes his search with Delirium, entering Destiny’s garden for a hefty amount of backstory and foreshadowing. The two ultimately make their way to the temple where Dream’s son Orpheus is housed, which is a short distance away from where Destruction has planted himself, along with his talking dog Barnabas. Over dinner, the reunited siblings discuss the nature of the Endless and their roles in the world, a conversation that pushes Dream to let go of the past, beginning by granting his son the death he’s been denied for centuries. Dream kills Orpheus, finally committing the act of spilling family blood that Desire has been pushing him toward for the majority of the series. When he returns to the Dreaming, Dream is changed, more sympathetic to his servants and no longer troubled by the past, but also unaware of what his actions will mean for his future.

Advertisement

Oliver: How nice is it to get back to the Endless after all those issues focusing on boring stuff like storytelling and power and identity? (I kid, I kid.) The time spent away from this book’s main cast really amplifies the impact of Brief Lives, giving readers more information on the history of the Endless and their relationships with one another than ever before. This is easily my favorite of The Sandman’s storylines, not just because of how thoroughly it fleshes out the world and personalities of these characters, but because Jill Thompson’s artwork is so perfectly suited to Gaiman’s script. Her balance of realistic detail and fantastic whimsy is an ideal fit for a story centered on Delirium and Dream, two figures who fall on opposite ends of the emotional spectrum.

Delirium is one of the most intriguing characters in the Sandman mythos, originally born as the calm Delight before transforming into her current scatterbrained self. It’s revealed that Destruction helped her through this metamorphosis, and over the course of Brief Lives, it becomes clear that Destruction is ill-suited for his title; he consistently builds up his siblings during times of need. This storyline is the first time it really feels like the Endless are a family rather than an assemblage of connected immortals, and it makes sense that the rest of the Endless would miss Destruction’s jovial presence, especially when the personification of Death is the most lighthearted of the group. Would you agree with that sentiment, Noel? And on the subject of Delirium, what do you think the focus on her brings to this story?

Advertisement

Noel: I have a love-hate relationship with Delirium, because I feel like Gaiman is far more attracted to these kinds of kooky, damaged waifs than I tend to be. (I’ve read that Delirium was based on Tori Amos, a musician who represented pretty much everything I hated in the “modern rock” radio genre around the time I was reading these issues.) That said, I do appreciate how in Brief Lives and in the arcs that follow, Gaiman keeps the kooky and the damaged parts of the character in balance. When Delirium is conjuring goldfish out of thin air, I find her more irritating than whimsical, but I think Gaiman writes the character such that it’s okay to find her irritating. Plus, he doesn’t shy away from the real damage she does with her impulsive flights of fancy—as when she curses a highway patrolman with “invisible insects all over you now for all your life and for ever and always.”





And that’s important to the overall thrust of Brief Lives, which as you note is about the human qualities of these Endless, and how this bickering, passive-aggressive family sometimes fails to serve humanity because they’re too busy being petty and self-absorbed. For example, for a time, it looks like Brief Lives is going to be about the charmingly absurd road-tripping adventures of Dream and Delirium, as they make their way across the mortal world using mundane human transportation, but the journey turns dark and violent early, such that Dream cuts it short, lest they continue to destroy people’s lives. (Note: In seeking Destruction, Dream and Delirium create destruction. This will be important later.) Brief Lives is the pivotal story arc in the entire Sandman series, both because the events of the plot set the end of the series in motion, and because it deals so directly with who The Endless are and why they exist.

But we’ll get to that when we talk about Dream’s remarkable conversation with his brother. First, I want to turn your question back on you: What’s your take on Delirium? Tragic figure, or loveable icon of goth fashion victims?

Advertisement

Oliver: As someone who knows all the words to “Cornflake Girl,” I have no problem with Tori Amos, and it was her introduction to Death: The High Cost Of Living that turned me on to her music in the first place. But to answer your question, why can’t Delirium be both? In terms of this book’s two big loveable icons of goth fashion victims, I think Delirium is considerably more tragic than Death, and like you said, that’s the thing that makes her more than just a whimsical, rainbow-haired kid who speaks in streams of consciousness. And any irritation that might come from Delirium’s character seems completely appropriate to me, because children can be incredibly obnoxious and random, but they also have the ability to see things through clearer eyes than adults.





A quick diversion: I want to use this time to praise the work of letterer Todd Klein, who does amazing work on this series portraying character through word balloons. When Dream and Delirium finally find Destruction and have a conversation under the stars in silhouette, the variation in word balloons does such a fantastic job of not only letting us know who is speaking, but capturing the essence of each character’s worldview. Dream’s black balloons are the only ones that use lowercase lettering (perhaps because of his control of stories?), and Delirium’s multicolored balloons with different-sized lettering perfectly reflect her disjointed thought process. Destruction’s balloons are the same as any other human’s in the book, showing just how much he’s integrated into the waking world. Todd Klein has a stockpile of Eisner Awards for his work in comics, and The Sandman shows why.

Advertisement

Delirium and Despair are integral to this story because they represent change within the Endless. Delirium’s transition from Delight shows how these characters transform as the ideas they represent morph into new things, while Despair’s story reveals that the Endless can be destroyed in their current forms and re-created through aspects of the others. Destruction is the person who helps his siblings through these pivotal moments in their existence, and by the end of Brief Lives, he’s also helped Dream through a considerable change in his own life. Looking at the birth order of the Endless, Destruction was created after Dream, meaning that once life forms were able to dream, they had the ability to destroy. But as Destruction tells his siblings, there are two sides to every coin, and his role in the world isn’t just to embody destruction, but to define creation.

Before we dive too deeply into destruction, I want to shift the discussion to this collection’s title and how the figures that Delirium and Dream meet on their journey fit into the concept of brief lives. Why do you think some characters like Bernie Capax and Ruby meet their ends, while others, like Etain and the Lapp Alder Man are able to escape their destruction? What do you think their individual stories contribute to the narrative, particularly when told side-by-side with the experiences of the Endless?

Advertisement

Noel: When I wrote about Fables & Reflections in our last Back Issues, I singled out what I think is one of the key lines of the entire series, which appears in Brief Lives. When the 15,000-year-old Bernie Capax is crushed by a falling wall, he boasts to Death that he had a good run, and Death responds, “You lived what anybody gets, Bernie. You got a lifetime. No more. No less.” A lot of the stories in Sandman are about stories themselves, and in particular what gives stories meaning. The punishments of hell are effective because of the hope of heaven. Old legends matter because they’re malleable, and adapt to different cultures and eras. And the story that matters most to all of us—our own story—gains poignancy from its finality. The clock is ticking. Before it runs out, will we say what needs to be said and do what needs to be done? Or will we just mope around our dream-castles and make it rain outside because our lovers dumped us?





As Sandman plays on, the character of Hob Gadling becomes more important than he seemed to be in the one-off issue “Men Of Good Fortune.” He’s like an augur of a kind: If Morpheus feels that something he’s about to do is dangerous enough, he pops by to see Hob, in case they never meet again. But Hob also makes for a good representative of the human side of this story of The Endless. Hob lives for centuries, but admits to Morpheus that he keeps making the same dumb mistakes over and over, and acquires wisdom only incrementally. Dream too, though he has power and knowledge beyond human imagining, is still capable of being devastated by a bad break-up. In some significant ways, humans and non-humans are a lot alike in Sandman.

Oliver, you ask why some characters in Brief Lives survive while others die, and personally, I think Gaiman is emphasizing the arbitrariness. A man can be careful for a millennium and a half and still show up at the wrong place at the wrong time, while the more reckless and malicious types can skate by unscathed. Justice isn’t what gives their stories meaning; it’s the unfairness, and the failure, that adds depth. Yet I don’t find Brief Lives or Sandman as a whole to be depressing or despairing, because as you note, Gaiman does allow his characters to change. And it’s not just Delirium and Destruction. Hob Gadling figures some things out during his long journey through life; and Dream does as well. (Heck, even I’ve changed in the years since I first read Brief Lives. For example, I don’t hate Tori Amos anymore. I’m merely neutral toward her. Can we be friends again?)

Advertisement

I’m fascinated by the structure of Brief Lives, which next to The Kindly Ones is the most extended single story in the entire run of Sandman—nine chapters, no interludes—and yet is also divided into individual issues in an unusual way. It lacks the cliffhanger-y narrative momentum of A Game Of You or The Kindly Ones; instead, each issue is almost self-contained, sometimes introducing characters and situations long before they come into play in the main story. There’s an unhurriedness and assuredness about Brief Lives that appeals to me, especially given the way it culminates in two of the most important issues in the series: #48, in which Dream and Delirium have dinner with Destruction; and #49, in which Morpheus kills Orpheus.





We should dig deeper into the ramifications of those concluding chapters now, though before we do, I’m curious: Which mode of Sandman do you prefer, the long-form stories or the short stories?

Advertisement

Oliver: As much as I enjoy Gaiman’s short stories in this title, I’m definitely a bigger fan of the longer arcs in Sandman, which showcase Gaiman’s ability to build tension and flesh out character over an extended narrative. Both of those qualities are exemplified in Brief Lives, which gives us a thrilling story full of twists while presenting the most complete portraits of the Endless in this series. Even Desire, the closest thing this book has to a consistent villain, shows some sympathy for Dream after he kills his son. I feel that Gaiman does his best work when he has room to breathe, and the side stories he tells in Brief Lives all help strengthen the idea that life is precious and fleeting, even for immortals. And that Death line you’ve now mentioned twice is one of my favorites of the series, capturing so much with just a few short sentences.

I’ve talked at length about Dream’s pride in past Back Issues, and Brief Lives is where he’s finally broken of that. He always assumes that what he wants is the correct course of action, and like in Season Of Mists, it’s his older sister who sets him straight. After Dream abandons his quest with Delirium and sends her into a crippling depression, Death tells him that he’s projecting his own personal frustrations about his recent breakup onto his sister, who is just lonely and wants to reconnect with the person who always made her feel welcome and wanted. I like that we don’t actually learn who Dream is so worked up over (we will later); it’s not the person who matters, just the sadness after the breakup. It takes a lot for Dream to go to Delirium’s realm and admit to his sister that he was never looking for their brother, but rather his ex-lover, and it’s just one of the past mistakes he owns up to in this story.

Before we unpack those last two huge issues, I want to talk a bit about the idea that finality is what gives stories poignancy. Some of the most memorable comics of the past 25 years have come out of Vertigo, and nearly all of those landmark books (Animal Man, Preacher, Y: The Last Man, etc.) had a clear beginning, middle, and end. It’s something you don’t see much of in superhero comics, where books are kept alive until they lose readers and are cancelled. There are exceptions, of course, and also plenty of stories that tell the end of characters like Superman and Batman, but the fact that there will be a new X-Men book next month means that it’s unlikely those stories will ever reach the same heights as something like Sandman. One of the best examples of a writer achieving that poignancy in an ongoing narrative was the death of Peter Parker in Brian Michael Bendis’ Ultimate Comics Spider-Man two years ago. Peter died doing for his Aunt May what he couldn’t do for his Uncle Ben, saving her life but giving up his own in the process. The mantle of Spider-Man was passed on, but that sense of finality gave Peter’s overall story more impact.

Advertisement

The dinner at Destruction’s home is one of the densest conversations in this book, telling so much about the nature of the Endless and how they relate to the world of mortals. We’ve touched on a good amount of it already, but there’s still so much to dissect. We learn that the Endless can abandon their posts, which potentially results in whatever aspect of the universe they represent becoming more chaotic, but even that isn’t a certainty. The world continues to change in spite of Destruction’s absence, except now the responsibility is in the hands of the masses instead of one main governing body. But the most telling piece of dialogue comes when Destruction defines what exactly the Endless are:

“The Endless are merely patterns. The Endless are ideas. The Endless are wave functions. The Endless are repeating motifs. The Endless are echoes of darkness, and nothing more. We have no right to play with their lives, to order their dreams and their desires. And even our existences are brief and bounded.”

Destruction is more self-aware than any of his siblings, likely because of his time spent watching mortals act without his influence. He understands his role in the world, but also that his role is arbitrary, a symbol of something bigger than all of them. How do you think the conversation at Destruction’s home changes the course of this series, and what do you think it reveals about what we’ve read up to this point?

Advertisement

Noel: For me, it reveals that The Endless are a paradox. They will always exist, but only from the perspective of humankind, which conjures and charges them. Destruction abandoned his post, but “destruction” continues as a force (as does Destruction as its embodiment, albeit one that’s retired from the job). Sandman carries many themes and motifs through its 75-plus issues, some of which are abstractions, such as the nature of stories and storytelling, and some of which are more specific, such as Morpheus’ preoccupation with rules. But I believe that Gaiman is particularly fascinated by intersections and interrelations: the “soft places” where dreams and reality meet, and the ways mortals and immortals influence each other. When Dream dines with Destruction, he learns he has choices, just like humans do. The Kindly Ones will mostly be about Dream exercising that power of choice, but within the context of his peculiar sense of order.

I like what you have to say about Vertigo and endings; I think that’s true. I just received the last issue of Sweet Tooth in the mail, and was reminded how much that series has gained from being designed to have a finish line. Late last year, I wrote about how The Walking Dead board game has an edge over the comic book and TV series in that it ends. The choices players make in the game have conclusive consequences, which imbues those choices with real power. As I’ve been re-reading Sandman for Back Issues, I’ve been struck by how Gaiman started working toward the ending of the series early, putting notions and concepts in place that mean to do the seemingly impossible: complete a story about The Endless. He’s sly about it, and never seems to be in a hurry to force some artificial climax. Gaiman just fills the entire series with this sense that some important transition is happening right in front of us.

Personally, I prefer the Sandman short stories to the longer arcs—which is why I’ll be tackling Worlds’ End next week, with Genevieve—but I like Brief Lives a lot because of that structure I mentioned earlier, and because it’s a big meta “ahem,” reminding readers to enjoy Sandman for as long as it lasts, because it’s slipping away quickly. (I’m always dismayed when I get to the end of Brief Lives and realize that the series is almost over, with only one actual long story arc left.) But it’s a sweet “ahem,” given the events of issue #49, in which Morpheus grants his son a much-longed-for death—ending an ancient story at last—and then returns to his realm a changed man, with more of a sense of sentimentality.

Advertisement

I have a little more I want to say about that, and about how the humans and The Endless relate to each other, but I wanted to ask you what you thought about how Orpheus’ death plays out. This whole storyline seems to be about the search for Destruction, until we find out that it’s really been heading toward Orpheus (who appears in an earlier Brief Lives chapter, seemingly incongruously at the time). And then… it’s just over. In a snap. And we’re on to something else. Personally, I find the suddenness of Orpheus’ demise poetic and germane. Do you agree?

Oliver: I absolutely agree, largely because I think the relationship between Dream and his son is one of the most interesting of the series. And poetic is such a perfect word to describe that final scene between the two men, especially with Thompson’s artwork. The silent page where Dream finally kills Orpheus is pure visual poetry, evoking an incredible amount of emotion in five still images. The first panel of Dream and Orpheus in silhouette, the father sticking his hand through his son’s disembodied head while flowers bloom in the foreground is a beautiful juxtaposition of life and death, transitioning into the image of Death’s signature ankh, glistening despite being surrounded by blackness. It’s notable that there’s no blood on Orpheus after his father kills him, but Dream’s hand is soaked in red. Orpheus is beautiful and clean, even in death, and it’s only when Dream shuts his son’s eyes with his bloody hand that Orpheus’ pure face becomes soiled. There’s so much sadness in the final panel of Dream leaning against the wall, light shining into the room behind him to suggest that this is a necessary course of action in order for both father and son to move on.





Advertisement

One last comment about the artwork in that scene: On the next page, there’s a single image of Dream standing in the grass outside the temple that is split into six panels, which is just a stunning use of the comic-book medium to present a coda to Orpheus’ death scene. Scott McCloud talks at length about the use of panel gutters to depict the passage of time, and that six-panel sequence shows some masterful use of that technique, extending what could have been a simple evocative image into an entire mini-story. It begins by focusing on Dream’s body and specifically his bloody hand, then shows his cloak blowing in the wind, creating a sense of motion that carries Orpheus’ blood through the air to the ground behind Morpheus. Once the blood hits the ground, it blossoms into a new breed of flower, which grows at an accelerated rate over the final two panels, and those flowers will grow all around Dream for the rest of the sequence. Again: visual poetry.





You mention the “soft places” where dreams and reality meet, and I find it intriguing that ultimately Dream’s role in the universe is to define reality through his fictions. Merv Pumpkinhead has a great line when Dream returns to the Dreaming after killing his son: “Real life. That’s what guys like him never have to face up to. Real life.” Brief Lives is when Dream finally does have to face the reality of his situation, and the page after he washes his son’s blood off his hands and collapses in his throne is one of the most heartbreaking of the series. His throne room is stripped of the opulence that we previously saw at the start #46, now an empty white room that perfectly reflects the emotional exhaustion of the title character.

Advertisement

Before you dive back into the Endless’ relationship with humankind, I wanted to know what your feelings are toward Thompson’s artwork. Like you mentioned before, this arc has no interlude, meaning that we didn’t get a guest artist halfway through. Gaiman chooses artists to fit the tone of his story; why do you think he chose Thompson for Brief Lives?

Noel: Thompson has the skill set to combine realism and whimsy, which is necessary for a story in which one of the major players is capable of “making little frogs.” (How did we get this far down in the conversation and not mention one of Brief Lives’ most memorable lines?) I’ve expressed qualms in the past about some of the art in Sandman, but I tend to think of Thompson as one of the defining artists in the series, even though she didn’t come on board until issue #40. If I had to rank my favorite Sandman artists, I’d put her third, right behind Charles Vess and Michael Zulli, and just ahead of Shawn McManus and the often (and unfairly) maligned Marc Hempel.

I don’t think I’d want anyone other than Thompson drawing Brief Lives, though. Her fusion of the fanciful and the mundane fits this story about humans who aspire to immortality and immortals who behave like humans. One of the things I love most about Sandman is that Gaiman has created this universe of gods and super-beings, and has made it plausible by considering how and why The Endless and the fairies and all of those other weird creatures came into existence. In short: Humans made them. They may act independently, but they’re here because of us—whether it’s to serve us or to mess us up or to provide us with fodder for instructive tales. (The latter will be a major theme of Worlds’ End next week.)

Advertisement

Given that, why should we expect Dream to behave any more nobly than he does? Or for Delight not to sour into Delirium? Or Destiny to know where all the paths in his garden will lead? The Endless are of us. And just as we are weak and small and not long for this world, so are they.

Next week: Noel Murray and Genevieve Koski follow the series to a bar at the notional end of the world, for the collection of independent stories that make up Worlds’ End.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0136936-71e2e776ec2630a19e6dbf014cd7564c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012176 00000000000 015127  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Saturn’s rings are billions of years younger than we thought, say Cornell University researchers analyzing an almost forgotten set of data, collected 10 years ago by NASA’s Cassini mission.

Despite decades observing Saturn’s rings, their age remains unknown.

Following 10 years of Cassini orbiting and observing the planet, scientific thinking suggested an ancient origin, billions of years ago.

However, efforts to pin down a more definite age have stalled as researchers struggled to determine the rings’ exact composition.

Whilst we know they are predominantly composed of water ice particles, up to several meters in size, we also know these particles are continually ‘polluted’ by bombarding micrometeoroids – rocky material from the outer Solar System’s Kuiper belt – and its the proportion of these two ingredient that has proved elusive.

The ice is opaque to many wavelengths of light and therefore able to hide unknown amounts of additional rocky material.

The exact proportion is key because its accumulation should have happened in a predictable way, so combining it with estimates of the average micrometeoroid flux would give a good estimate of age.

This is why a new paper, published in the journal Icarus, from Cornell University’s Zhimeng Zhang could prove a breakthrough.

In it, Zhang navigates a set of complex data collected early in the Cassini mission by instruments intended to analyze the surface of Saturn’s moon Titan.

The Cassini Titan Radar Mapper operates at just the right wavelength in the microwave end of the electromagnetic spectrum to pierce the ice, measuring the entire ring composition, rather just that of the surface layers.

Zhang analyzed data from Saturn’s C ring, which is the most ‘polluted’ due to its relative low mass, making it easier to acquire a higher proportion of non-icy material.

“This makes the C ring ideal for investigating ring contamination and piecing together age and history,” says Zhang.

However, there was a reason the data has been be left unanalyzed for so long.

“This wasn’t low hanging fruit,” says Professor Alexander Hayes, Zhang’s supervisor at Cornell.

“It was reams of difficult to analyze data that sat there for a decade. If ZZ hadn’t come along who knows how long this would have gone untouched.”

After several months of unpicking data, Zhang showed that most regions in the C ring contained 1-2% rocky silicates. Combining this with estimates of the micrometeoroid flux gives a C ring age of somewhere between 15 and 100 million years, billions of years younger than expected.

“None of the current origin scenarios predict the rings are likely younger than 3.8 billion years old,” says Zhang. “This will force a rethinking of ring origin models.”

“It’s a very nice paper,” agrees Professor Sascha Kempf, from the University of Colorado, a proponent of an ancient age for the rings who wasn’t involved in the study.

“I find her findings about the age of the C ring quite persuasive.”

However, the data held another surprise. The analysis revealed a significant ‘hump’ of rock in the middle where silicate composition increased to between 6-11%.

According to Zhang’s models, this suggests the background micrometeoroid flux was boosted by the recent addition of a 20-km diameter rocky body, likely a Centaur from a family of mini-planets located between Jupiter and Neptune.

In her model, the centaur slowly broke up as it passed through the rings a few times, a scenario that Ryuki Hyodo, an expert on Centaurs from Kobe University, who also wasn’t involved in this paper, believes is plausible.

“I have shown recently that Centaurs can be destroyed during these extreme close encounters with Saturn,” says Hyodo. “However, the detailed process of the deposition in the ring is still unclear. We will need direct simulations.”

The centaur model sits less well with Kempf, who suggests the silicates are more likely to be from a core of a disrupted moon that was pushed inward by the spreading of the much larger, more massive ring.

A more definite answer should come from a new period of Cassini radar surveying next year when the craft will be closer to the rings than it ever has before.

To aid the collection and analysis of the new data, Zhang’s paper not only made the case for these new observations but also provides a model for how to take these tricky measurements.

“The paper is like a textbook,” says Hayes. “It describes how to calibrate and analyze the data to test and expand up ZZ’s theories during these closer passes.”

In the meantime, Zhang hopes to soon publish her own support for the new C ring age after applying her methodology and equations to Saturn’s larger A and B rings, and finding a broad agreement in age.

“It is both a nervous and exciting feeling that what we have proposed may be further proved correct in the near future,” says Zhang.

“And the proximal orbit observations next year will provide us with many more insights on the rings.”

_____

Z. Zhang et al. 2017. Cassini microwave observations provide clues to the origin of Saturn’s C ring. Icarus 281: 297-321; doi: 10.1016/j.icarus.2016.07.020                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136979-b348ee47647191855c97649790c3ffc2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006216 00000000000 014673  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The View co-host brings up Prescott Bush's Nazi ties David Edwards and Muriel Kane

Published: Tuesday May 20, 2008



|

Print This Email This When host Whoopi Goldberg raised the issue of George W. Bush's comparing anyone who wants to talk to Iran or Syria with the appeasers of Nazi Germany on Monday's edition of ABC's The View, the panel erupted into furious debate. Conservative Elizabeth Hasselbeck repeatedly attempted to question whether Bush's remarks were really aimed at Barack Obama. She insisted, "It's not always about him," and suggested Obama is being defensive because he knows his support for talks with Iran is a weak spot. "I think the president was very clear in what he meant," Goldberg replied tartly. "The Bush administration is out there talking to North Korea, talking to Syria," noted liberal Joy Behar. "Isn't that what diplomacy is about? This guy doesn't know the difference between the word 'diplomacy' and 'appeasement.' He's just stupid." "One more point," continued Behar, pulling out a prepared statement. "It's very interesting and ironic that George Bush, Senior's -- er, George Bush, this one -- his grandfather -- this one -- the late -- I don't like to speak ill of the dead, but in this case it's fun -- he was a United States senator, Prescott Bush. Okay -- he was a director and shareholder of companies that profited from their involvement with the financial backers of Nazi Germany." "This is his grandfather," Behar continued. "He has no business talking to Jewish people when he's got this right in his backyard." "How come you can bring up this backyard but then it's not alright to dig into Obama's backyard and family history?" was all the flustered Hasselbeck could find to say. RAW STORY 's Larisa Alexandrovna also cited the Prescott Bush connection last week. In her blog, at-Largely, she wrote: Dear Mr. Bush,



Your speech on the Knesset floor today was not only a disgrace; it was nothing short of treachery. Worse still, your exploitation of the Holocaust in a country carved out of the wounds of that very crime, in order to strike a low blow at American citizens whose politics differs from your own is unforgivable and unpardonable. ...



Well Mr. Bush, the only thing this comment lacked was a mirror and some historical facts. You want to discuss the crimes of Nazis against my family and millions of other families in Europe during World War II? Let me revive a favorite phrase of yours: Bring. It. On!



Your family's fortune is built on the bones of the very people butchered by the Nazis, my family and the families of those in the Knesset who applauded you today. ...



You family did not stop with supporting fascists and Nazis abroad, did they Mr. Bush? Surely you must know of your grandfather's role in the treasonous plot of 1933 to overthrow democracy in America? Let me remind you.



Grandpa Bush - that is to say, your grandfather - wanted fascism imported into the United States, or as you now call this type of transformation, "exporting democracy." Prescott went so far as to subsidize a coup attempt in order to achieve his dream of a fascist America. This video is from ABC's The View, broadcast May 19, 2008.

Download video

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0136975-d21c33dbe3f3f49b7ef37426906e3664.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005066 00000000000 015063  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Sen. Ted Cruz leaves after a vote at the Capitol September 5, 2017 in Washington, D.C. Alex Wong/Getty Images

The Republicans are running out of time. After seven years of promising to repeal Obamacare, it seems the GOP is headed toward failure yet again this week, unless the party leaders can somehow reverse what appears to be a growing opposition to the effort. Sen. Ted Cruz was the latest to signal his opposition to the Graham-Cassidy bill, noting it didn’t do enough to bring down the cost of health care.

“Right now, they don’t have my vote,” Cruz said during a panel discussion in Austin. “And I don’t think they have Mike Lee’s vote, either.” Cruz said that he and fellow senator Lee offered amendments to Graham-Cassidy that would decrease premiums but they weren’t included in the latest draft of the bill. But Cruz wasn’t all negative, saying the measure also has some “very good elements.”

Cruz is hardly alone. Earlier on Sunday, Sen. Susan Collins of Maine made it clear she’s unlikely to support the bill either. She had previously said she was “leaning agains” the legislation but sounded more sure of her decision on Sunday, when she told CNN it was “very difficult for me to envision a scenario where I would end up voting for this bill.” Collins said she wants to see the analysis from the Congressional Budget Office before making a final decision.

.@SenatorCollins: "It's difficult for me to envision a scenario where I would end up voting for" Graham-Cassidy bill https://t.co/56qV5RAXFX — CNN (@CNN) September 24, 2017

With Cruz and Collins that means there are at least five Republicans in the 52-member caucus that said they wouldn’t support the bill or were at least leaning against it. Sen. Lisa Mukowski has yet to give her full support to the bill and Sens. John McCain and Rand Paul have both said they would not back the measure. With the two “no” votes from McCain and Paul, a third would doom the bill since no Democrats are expected to support the measure.



Time is running out for Republicans to get support for the bill as lawmakers only have until Saturday to pass it with a simple majority rather than the usual 60 votes.

Sens. Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy both appeared on ABC’s This Week Sunday to defend their legislation and express optimism that the bill will ultimately be approved. “We’re moving forward and we’ll see what happens next week. I’m very excited about it. We finally found an alternative to Obamacare that makes sense,” Graham said. “I think we’re going to get the votes next week.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136970-0b13cfc6aea7f8c6fb644d63364a91bf.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017170 00000000000 015342  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        There are two basic problems in information theory that are very easy to explain. Two people, Alice and Bob, want to communicate over a digital channel over some long period of time, and they know the probability that certain messages will be sent ahead of time. For example, English language sentences are more likely than gibberish, and “Hi” is much more likely than “asphyxiation.” The problems are:

Say communication is very expensive. Then the problem is to come up with an encoding scheme for the messages which minimizes the expected length of an encoded message and guarantees the ability to unambiguously decode a message. This is called the noiseless coding problem. Say communication is not expensive, but error prone. In particular, each bit of your message is erroneously flipped with some known probably , and all the errors are independent. Then the question is, how can one encode their messages to as to guarantee (with high probability) the ability to decode any sent message? This is called the noisy coding problem.

There are actually many models of “communication with noise” that generalize (2), such as models based on Markov chains. We are not going to cover them here.

Here is a simple example for the noiseless problem. Say you are just sending binary digits as your messages, and you know that the string “00000000” (eight zeros) occurs half the time, and all other eight-bit strings occur equally likely in the other half. It would make sense, then, to encode the “eight zeros” string as a 0, and prefix all other strings with a 1 to distinguish them from zero. You would save on average bits in every message.

One amazing thing about these two problems is that they were posed and solved in the same paper by Claude Shannon in 1948. One byproduct of his work was the notion of entropy, which in this context measures the “information content” of a message, or the expected “compressibility” of a single bit under the best encoding. For the extremely dedicated reader of this blog, note this differs from Kolmogorov complexity in that we’re not analyzing the compressibility of a string by itself, but rather when compared to a distribution. So really we should think of (the domain of) the distribution as being compressed, not the string.

Entropy and noiseless encoding

Before we can state Shannon’s theorems we have to define entropy.

Definition: Suppose is a distribution on a finite set , and I’ll use to denote the probability of drawing from . The entropy of , denoted is defined as

It is strange to think about this sum in abstract, so let’s suppose is a biased coin flip with bias of landing heads. Then we can plot the entropy as follows

The horizontal axis is the bias , and the vertical axis is the value of , which with some algebra is . From the graph above we can see that the entropy is maximized when and minimized at . You can verify all of this with calculus, and you can prove that the uniform distribution maximizes entropy in general as well.

So what is this saying? A high entropy measures how incompressible something is, and low entropy gives us lots of compressibility. Indeed, if our message consisted of the results of 10 such coin flips, and was close to 1, we could be able to compress a lot by encoding strings with lots of 1’s using few bits. On the other hand, if we couldn’t get any compression at all. All strings would be equally likely.

Shannon’s famous theorem shows that the entropy of the distribution is actually all that matters. Some quick notation: is the set of all binary strings.

Theorem (Noiseless Coding Theorem) [Shannon 1948]: For every finite set and distribution over , there are encoding and decoding functions such that

The encoding/decoding actually works, i.e. for all . The expected length of an encoded message is between and .

Moreover, no encoding scheme can do better.

Item 2 and the last sentence are the magical parts. In other words, if you know your distribution over messages, you precisely know how long to expect your messages to be. And you know that you can’t hope to do any better!

As the title of this post says, we aren’t going to give a proof here. Wikipedia has a proof if you’re really interested in the details.

Noisy Coding

The noisy coding problem is more interesting because in a certain sense (that was not solved by Shannon) it is still being studied today in the field of coding theory. The interpretation of the noisy coding problem is that you want to be able to recover from white noise errors introduced during transmission. The concept is called error correction. To restate what we said earlier, we want to recover from error with probability asymptotically close to 1, where the probability is over the errors.

It should be intuitively clear that you can’t do so without your encoding “blowing up” the length of the messages. Indeed, if your encoding does not blow up the message length then a single error will confound you since many valid messages would differ by only a single bit. So the question is does such an encoding exist, and if so how much do we need to blow up the message length? Shannon’s second theorem answers both questions.

Theorem (Noisy Coding Theorem) [Shannon 1948]: For any constant noise rate , there is an encoding scheme with the following property. If is the message sent by Alice, and is the message received by Bob (i.e. with random noise), then as a function of . In addition, if we denote by the entropy of the distribution of an error on a single bit, then choosing any guarantees the existence of such an encoding scheme, and no scheme exists for any smaller .

This theorem formalizes a “yes” answer to the noisy coding problem, but moreover it characterizes the blowup needed for such a scheme to exist. The deep fact is that it only depends on the noise rate.

A word about the proof: it’s probabilistic. That is, Shannon proved such an encoding scheme exists by picking to be a random function (!). Then finds (nonconstructively) the string such that the number of bits different between and is minimized. This “number of bits that differ” measure is called the Hamming distance. Then he showed using relatively standard probability tools that this scheme has the needed properties with high probability, the implication being that some scheme has to exist for such a probability to even be positive. The sharp threshold for takes a bit more work. If you want the details, check out the first few lectures of Madhu Sudan’s MIT class.

The non-algorithmic nature of his solution is what opened the door to more research. The question has surpassed, “Are there any encodings that work?” to the more interesting, “What is the algorithmic cost of constructing such an encoding?” It became a question of complexity, not computability. Moreover, the guarantees people wanted were strengthened to worst case guarantees. In other words, if I can guarantee at most 12 errors, is there an encoding scheme that will allow me to always recover the original message, and not just with high probability? One can imagine that if your message contains nuclear codes or your bank balance, you’d definitely want to have 100% recovery ability.

Indeed, two years later Richard Hamming spawned the theory of error correcting codes and defined codes that can always correct a single error. This theory has expanded and grown over the last sixty years, and these days the algorithmic problems of coding theory have deep connections to most areas of computer science, including learning theory, cryptography, and quantum computing.

We’ll cover Hamming’s basic codes next time, and then move on to Reed-Solomon codes and others. Until then!

Posts in this series:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0136944-c7ccb3fa2ac3bf97c5a1adf8ca0e682e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012032 00000000000 015623  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        News this week has not been kind to Millennials looking to purchase their first home. After a report revealed that the nation’s supply of starter homes has plummeted in the last four years, driving up prices, new research compiled by NerdWallet, a financial advisory site, shows that this demographic is postponing homebuying due to a host of real and perceived difficulties, especially financial issues, a stance that has profound implications for the real estate profession.

It’s clear many Millennials are renting longer and delaying the decision to buy a home; first-time homeowners currently make up 32 percent of all buyers—the lowest since 1987—compared with a historical average of 40 percent.

But something has to give, since there’s an oncoming wave of interested Millennial buyers and a marketplace that doesn't seem to be accommodating them. The median age for first-time homebuyers was 31 years in 2015, in line with the average of the last few decades (it was 30.6 in the early ‘70s). Two-thirds of millennials haven’t reached that age, and over the next decade, millennials are expected to form 20 million new households, according to Harvard demographic research.

To say there’s an opportunity out there for developers who can create affordable housing, especially in urban areas, is a massive understatement.

"There’s a strong indication that millennials do want to become homeowners, which is quite different from what we’ve heard," says Chris Ling, mortgage manager at NerdWallet. "While overall homeownership has declined, millennials do see the long-term value in owning a home."

They Want a Home as Much a Previous Generations

While often portrayed as more independent and less willing to settle down, the majority of millennials want to buy a house, according to a survey on 12,000 people conducted by finance giant Fannie Mae. The majority of respondents, aged 18-39, felt owning was more sensible and financially, and 49 percent of the renters in the survey said homebuying would be their next move. But, the survey also showed skepticism. When asked why they weren’t purchasing a home, the majority (57 percent) cited financial reasons.

Stricter Credit Score Requirements are Holding Millennials Back

Most Millennials said credit score requirement were holding them back, and data from FICO, the company that determines credit scores, suggests they’re right. Stricter credit standards are keeping millennial homebuyers on the sidelines. A majority of millennial homebuyers don’t meet the median credit score of 750 to obtain loans backed by Fannie Mae, one of the biggest players in the industry, and a third don’t meet the minimum credit requirement of 620.

"There’s a strong indication that millennials do want to become homeowners, which is quite different from what we’ve heard."

It’s the Student Debt, Right? Not Exactly

This issue with credit scores and financing must be because millennials are being crushed by student debt, right? According to the The Institute for College Access and Success, student debt has surged 56% in the past decade, to an average of $28,950 per borrower. That sounds like an insurmountable burden, but it’s not necessarily the issue, according to the study.

Even with that debt burden, Millennials should still qualify for loans. According to a 2014 analysis by New America, a nonpartisan policy institute, the average graduate with a bachelor’s degree is paying $312 a month in student loans. Considering the estimated monthly income of $2,940 for a 25- to 34-year-old millennial, this is a student debt threshold of 11%, which is a medium debt burden, according to the CFPB. Other studies cited come to the same conclusion.

The NerdWallet research suggests the debt burden isn’t insurmountable, at least when it comes to homeownership. Fannie Mae data shows that 53 percent of young renters had debts of less than $10,000 (while 10 percent have debts over $50,000). Taking into account property tax and homeowners insurance, NerdWallet’s mortgage calculator arrived on a debt-to-income ratio for millennials of 37%, which is just above the high end of the range that guides lenders.

What’s the Solution?

According to NerdWallet, it’s better education, and a real estate industry that does a better job of explaining the options available to Millennial homeowners, including Federal Housing Authority loans, which require lower down payments.

In a 2015 survey by Fannie Mae, 42% of those ages 18-34 said they didn’t know what lenders expect of them, and 73% were unaware of lower down-payment options that range from 3% to 5% of the home’s purchase price, as compared to the commonly cited lender preference of 20%.

And currently low interest rates definitely help; median mortgage payments in December 2015 were still $380 less on average than before the housing market collapse.

"Millennials — and first-time homebuyers in general — should never just assume they can’t afford a home," says Ling. "The first step to owning a home is knowing how you can finance it, so you should always research your options."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136930-152973038c7b488e2c29ddc702397e4d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005221 00000000000 014707  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        "Yeah, he's on the radar. We're working through that at the moment," Simpson said before taking the club's first-to-fourth year players through their first pre-season session on Wednesday. "We've got to meet him and have a chat and see how he is and how he stands, but he's on the radar." West Coast played no part in the AFL's trade period this season, choosing to head into this year's draft to bolster its squad. Blayne Wilson, Ash Smith and Jacob Brennan have been delisted, while Darren Glass and Dean Cox have retired. Cox has joined the club as a full-time ruck coach, while Glass is a member of Adelaide's new look coaching panel. Alex Waterman has been added to the squad under the father-son rule, being the son of former Eagles defender Chris Waterman, while ruckman/forward Callum Sinclair has been elevated from the rookie list.

"We'll look for the (best available)," Simpson said, referring to the draft being held in the Gold Coast later this month. "We're going through all that now; I think it's pretty clear we decided to go to the draft this year and we think the draft bats pretty deep. "We'll have a look what's available." Simpson added he was very happy with the first impressions his squad's youngest members gave him on Wednesday morning. The Eagles coach said there is mounting pressure on the players to return in top shape because of the longer breaks they are getting from the club during seasons. But his first impressions were the group had stuck to their individual programs, which concentrated heavily on adding size and strength.

Dom Sheed and Murray Newman were noticeably bigger than the last time they were seen on a football field. Sheed played 10 games in his debut season of 2014, while Newman spent a large chunk of last season in jail. Simpson said Newman would start this season on a level playing field to the rest of his teammates after additional training at the club with former professional baseballer Corey Adamson since the team broke up at the end of last season. "I'm not going to single any one out, but this group in particular we want to put a bit of size on and strength over the break and then work on conditioning when we got back, so we've seen a bit of size on some players," Simpson said. "We have to be careful with that too; it's not all about bulking up. But it's a part of our program.

"First day in it feels as though there is some improvement there. "There is always a balance isn't there? But like I said, if it is going to continue like this then they are going to do a lot of work on their own and monitor their development. "What is difficult to do, is the kids who don't know what to improve and develop, they have to find a way."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0136368-010ed65f63837b5c06c3a5195f000e0f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004371 00000000000 014744  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Energy-Efficient Method Of Recovering Valuable Minerals & Materials From Wastewater Developed

March 20th, 2014 by James Ayre

In addition to the new approach to recovering resources from industrial wastewater, the researchers also developed new ‘rapid tools’ for the identification of various environmental pollutants.

The new work makes the point that the cleaning and treatment of wastewater can provide more than just clean water, but can also be used as a means for procuring valuable resources — becoming a process that does not consume net energy or cause extra costs.

“Wastewater treatment and waste treatment have mainly been implemented by legal necessity. Now we should modify our way of thinking so that we would be able to regard waste disposal sites and purification plants as sources or raw materials and energy. In the near future, technology has been refined far enough to allow such waste treatment plants to operate on their own,” states Mona Arnold, Principal Researcher at VTT.





The press release from VTT provides more:

VTT has developed extraction methods for metals and minerals from waste materials. Biological extraction methods by which metals are recovered from mining, metal and recycling industry waste by utilising microbes and chemical reactions are under testing stages and they are forcasted for market uptake within the next few years.

In addition, VTT researchers developed an enzyme-assisted method by which feed products can be produced from side streams deriving from turnip rape processing in (the) food industry.

Also, VTT developed intelligent membrane materials, reducing the need of purification, for filtration purposes. Membrane solutions using only small amounts of energy were developed for water treatment purposes. VTT has collaborated with a university in Singapore to develop a method based on forward osmosis technology, by which metals and biocomponents can be recovered and concentrated from industrial process waters.

VTT also developed the previously mentioned new sensor technology — which can rapidly detect the presence of pollutants, including toxins from cyanobacteria, and also phenolic, hormone-like compounds. This technology is expected to be ready or production use within only a couple of years.











                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0136966-f919976435cb14c751264a2ee59d80dd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010552 00000000000 015004  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Bubaker Habib, a local contractor for the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya, speaks about his time working with Amb. Chris Stevens during the days leading up to the attack and what prompted him to tell his story. (Adriana Usero/The Washington Post)

Bubaker Habib, a local contractor for the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya, speaks about his time working with Amb. Chris Stevens during the days leading up to the attack and what prompted him to tell his story. (Adriana Usero/The Washington Post)

Bubaker Habib was a local contractor for the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya.

The last time I saw my friend Chris Stevens was at the Benghazi Airport as his body was being transferred to the plane to begin his last journey back to the United States. The great, honorable, gentle man I welcomed to Benghazi only two days earlier now lay lifeless before me on the same tarmac.

Chris had arrived in Benghazi on Sept. 10, 2012, for five days of meetings and to inaugurate an American cultural center at an English-language school under my care. A Libyan by birth and lifelong resident of Benghazi, I had for years taught English and facilitated cultural exchanges with the United States and, upon the resumption of diplomatic relations, served as an adviser and cultural interpreter for U.S. officials — especially Chris. I was also the one charged with coordinating his fateful visit to Benghazi.

I learned that I had been targeted that night and it was no longer safe for me to remain in Libya. I arrived in the United States two months later. Upon my arrival I was dismayed to find that the public conversation here had veered from memorializing a slain hero to hijacking his legacy for naked political agendas. Yet I maintained faith that, over time, the country would settle its discord, heal its wounds and return to honoring Chris Stevens, his life’s work and the noble mission for which he died.

We all know this has not happened, but not everyone will understand why. Yet I have had a front-row seat. For months, I have been approached by people seeking to persuade me to publicly endorse their false version of events that night, namely that Chris was taking part in secret weapons smuggling and that the secretary of state was responsible for letting him die.

But they do not need to pay me, threaten me, or persuade me to tell my story. I have already told the full truth, first to U.S. law enforcement, then to the State Department’s Accountability Review Board and again to the House Select Committee on Benghazi. Now, the repeated attempts to get me to endorse unfounded theories and the fact that politicians and others continue to revive false narratives and accusations have pushed me to step out from the shadows. The American people, to whom I owe such a debt of gratitude as one of the Libyans whom their country saved, deserve to know the truth and that there are people who are actively seeking to mislead them.

The truth is that Chris’s mission was to help build a partnership between the United States and the Libyan people and to help rebuild the country. That’s what brought him to Benghazi, first as a special envoy in 2011 and then as ambassador in September 2012. He knew the dangers better than anyone else, yet he believed his mission was too important not to carry out to the fullest of his abilities. The attacks that claimed his life and those of three other brave Americans were crimes and tragedies of the greatest magnitude. The blame rests entirely and unquestionably on those who carried out the attacks.

The promotion of utterly false conspiracy theories are offensive, to me, to the truth and to Chris’s memory. The political attacks based on the events of that night portray Chris not as the hero and leader that he was but as the pawn and the victim of incompetence or worse in Washington.

Chris does not deserve to have his legacy undermined in this way. The mission of the United States in Libya in 2011 and 2012 was noble, and Chris was its most lovable and effective champion. That the attack created chaos on the ground in Benghazi I know first-hand. It also left Libyans with a crisis of faith in our own politics and society. Chris’s loss was a blow to both our countries.

To allow a cloud of false and misguided allegations to remain over Chris would be to compound that loss. His memory and mission must be given the true honor and recognition they deserve.                                                                                                                                                      0136901-38d8a5450d0cb44409bd8c7ff986d934.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004365 00000000000 015061  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        It only seems like every day another court strikes down a state ban on marriage equality. In reality, it’s almost every day.

Pennsylvania became the last Northeastern state to embrace same-sex nuptials on Tuesday, when a federal judge struck down an 18-year-old law defining marriage as an institution between one man and one woman. On Tuesday, U.S. District Judge John E. Jones III, appointed by President George W. Bush, ruled that the Keystone State’s ban violated the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.:

“The issue we resolve today is a divisive one,” Jones wrote. “Some of our citizens are made deeply uncomfortable by the notion of same-sex marriage. However, that same-sex marriage causes discomfort in some does not make its prohibition constitutional.”

The ruling did not include a stay, suggesting same-sex couples can immediately take advantage of equal rights, though Gov. Tom Corbett (R), an often-strident opponent of marriage equality, will likely seek immediate relief from the 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals.

Also note, in the Pennsylvania case, state Attorney General Kathleen Kane announced last summer that she would not defend the Pennsylvania ban, agreeing with plaintiffs who argued it’s unconstitutional.

If the ruling stands, it will fill in a missing piece of a geographic puzzle: Pennsylvania is the only remaining state in the Northeast that does not allow same-sex couples to get legally married.

As for the larger trend, today’s ruling in the Keystone State comes just one day after a similar ruling in Oregon

Which came just a week after a federal court struck down Idaho’s ban on same-sex marriage.

Which came just a week after a court ruled against Arkansas’ anti-gay constitutional amendment.

This came a month after a federal judge ordered Ohio to recognize same-sex marriages from other states. The month before that, a federal judge struck down Michigan’s ban on marriage equality.

Civil-rights proponents have scored related victories in Virginia , Kentucky , Oklahoma , Utah and Texas , just over the last half-year or so.

For the right, that’s quite a losing streak. Indeed, as we discussed yesterday, how many cases have anti-gay forces won on the merits since the Supreme Court’s DOMA ruling? Zero.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0136952-59eb91b4671e4d7ca65da914bdba284b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000031640 00000000000 015262  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The acquisition of chat service Whatsapp for $19 billion has been the technology story of the week – but serious privacy and security questions remain over Facebook’s new messaging service.

The announcement of Facebook‘s acquisition of smartphone messaging company WhatsApp for nineteen billion dollars has been the tech news headline of the day. While an analysis of the financial details of this transaction is beyond our remit, ESET’s researchers have experience with both mobile security as well as instant messaging, or chat as it’s more popularly known these days.

What’s up with WhatsApp?

If you are unfamiliar with WhatsApp, do not be alarmed. It is a cross-platform (Android, Apple iOS, Blackberry, Windows Phone and Symbian) instant messaging application that allows you to send text, pictures, video and audio messages to other users of the service. While none of this may be particularly impressive to people who used instant messaging programs like PowWow or AIM in the 1990s, WhatsApp also allows you to share your current location, subject to how well your smartphone is able to determine that, of course.

Also, if you are currently a user of WhatsApp, you may not have used instant messaging back then, since most WhatsApp users were born around that time, according to sources as varied as Forbes, Forrester Research and a report from The Observer, identifying teenagers as the largest demographic for chat apps on mobile platforms as they increasingly turn away from both traditional computers and Facebook, in order to avoid not only their parents and older family members, but also their teachers. So, clearly, Facebook’s acquisition has the effect of returning a large number of departed customers back into the fold.

History of poor privacy practices and security problems

One of the main attractions to users of WhatsApp has been claims of its ability to offer secure, private communications between people. However, if that is the case, security and privacy have gotten off to a slow start in WhatsApp.

Aside from its own claims of security and dislike of advertisements, it is difficult to judge the suitability of WhatsApp’s end-to-end encryption when their Terms of Service prohibit independent examination by tools commonly used by software developers and security researchers, alike. And even assuming that they are using encryption, it does not matter much if the encryption can be easily broken. Whenever a service provides no information about its encryption, concerns about relying on security through obscurity arise. Claims of secure delivery mechanisms and storage of subscriber data are also likewise difficult to assess. As a related issue, claims about not storing messages after they have been delivered may be impossible to confirm independently, or they may be more natural paranoia from security researchers. It is, however, difficult, if not impossible, to evaluate the risk of eavesdropping and storage elsewhere in an era of National Security Letters and bulk metadata collection, as discussed by Ars Technica here.

The WhatsApp service uses phone numbers for the username portion of its addresses, exactly as user names and domain names are combined to make email addresses. This means that in order to communicate, users are, to all intents and purposes, exchanging phone numbers. While this may be considered a non-issue for phone calls and texting, for which you already have to know the recipient’s phone number, instant messaging is a different type of communication, and you may not want to expose your phone number to someone you are chatting with, especially if you do not know them that well. This poor choice for a unique user identifier has caused concern among privacy advocates, and it is not helped by WhatsApp’s behavior of automatically uploading all the phone numbers from customers’ address books to its servers in order to build contact lists. A “feature” which cannot be turned off or even selectively enabled or disabled.

WhatsApp has chosen several password algorithms over the years based on information such as an IMEI or a MAC address, which can easily be obtained from a device. WhatsApp did not change these mechanisms for three years and finally did so in 2012.

Through 2011 and 2012, WhatsApp experienced a plethora of security and privacy holes in its instant messaging service, ranging from sending conversations unencrypted (and potentially making them available for anyone to read) to vulnerabilities allowing accounts to be hijacked and messages to be forged. Even as these were repaired, continued problems with cryptography allowed encrypted messages to be deciphered—it should be noted, though, that WhatsApp has fixed issues as they have been reported, and that some vulnerabilities may have required physical access to the smartphone. Once an attacker has physical access to a device, it becomes increasingly difficult to secure.

Governments on at least three continents, including the Dutch Data Protection Authority, the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada and the Communications and Information Technology Commission of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia have taken notice of WhatsApp and have publicly investigated it because of concerns about the privacy of their citizens. While those are the actions of civilian agencies concerned with privacy and telecommunications, it is not unimaginable that other, more covert intelligence and security agencies have taken notice, too, for the opposite reason. Frankly, it is likely that intelligence agencies around the world have taken advantage of the service’s initial lack of encrypted communications—and the low quality of encryption for subsequent communications—for monitoring everything from terroristic threats and dissidents to communications from journalists, conversations between attorneys and clients and perhaps even eavesdropping on foreign governments participating in trade or other delicate negotiations.

A barrel of phish, dripping with malware

Despite past concerns about privacy and security violations, WhatsApp’s usage has continued to skyrocket, growing from nothing in 2009 to having 430 million active users by January 2014. That kind of success has not gone unnoticed, either by Wall Street and Facebook, or by criminals also seeking to capitalize on WhatsApp’s success, but for malicious reasons.

There is at least one hoax being sent by email between WhatsApp users, according to computer security analyst Graham Cluley, which claims that WhatsApp will start charging them for messages sent via the service unless they forward the message to ten of their friends. Hoaxes of this kind are old, and benign when compared to malware, but the tricksters who are create and perpetuate them are responsible for clogging up your inbox with junk email.

On a more malicious note, below is a screenshot captured by ESET Senior Security Researcher Stephen Cobb on a personal computer, purporting to be a voice mail left for him on WhatsApp, and urging him to click on it to listen to the message in his web browser. Had he visited the web site, his credentials could have been stolen and his computer possibly hijacked, as well. While Stephen—like our readers—knows not to click on suspicious emails (especially when claiming to be from services to which they are not subscribed), such phishing attempts are commonplace and, unfortunately, all too often successful.

This, of course, is just one example of a phishing campaign targeting users of WhatsApp. There have also been numerous campaigns designed to deliver various forms of malware as well, according to multiple reports from Jeff Goldman of eSecurity Planet , Hoax Slayer, Softpedia, The Inquirer and Help Net Security. The malware included—but was certainly not limited to— Win32/Inject.NHN, MSIL/Bladabindi.O, numerous variants from the Win32/TrojanDownloader.Banload and Win32/Spy.Bancos families, and even malware from the ZBot and the Delf family of trojan horses. ESET detects all of these threats, and in some cases, has done so for years. This widespread use of so many different families of malware is not the result of one criminal gang, but rather an example of how numerous organized criminal groups have responded en masse to the rising ubiquitous of WhatsApp.

Fear of a dystopian future: Will WhatsApp offer up your privacy to Facebook?

Jan Koum, the CEO and cofounder of WhatsApp, has stated in a post on his company’s blog that nothing will change for its users, however, it is hard to imagine any program or service for which the user experience does not change over time, especially after such an acquisition.

Perhaps the closest parallel is Skype. Founded in 2003, the company was acquired by eBay in 2005 and subsequently acquired by Microsoft in 2011. After Microsoft’s acquisition, numerous changes were made (reported by Ars Technica here), ranging from replacing the P2P infrastructure of public supernodes on which the service runs with a cluster of Linux-based servers run by Microsoft, to integrating logins with Microsoft accounts (formerly known as Microsoft Passport and Windows Live ID). Microsoft also shares with the public some of the information about how law enforcement requests for Skype’s users are handled.

Facebook is already notorious for the erosion of its user’s privacy, constantly changing—and, in some cases, removing—privacy controls in order to generate greater revenue by selling ever-increasing details of their customers to advertisers (as reported by Electronic Privacy Information Center, the New York Times, Matt McKeon and The Washington Post here). And the assimilation of WhatsApp into Facebook’s empire represents an unprecedented opportunity to learn more about people’s daily lives—all with the purpose of targeting them with more and more detailed advertising.

Imagine letting your spouse know you are pregnant over WhatsApp, only to find that the next time you log in to Facebook you are presented with advertisements for baby furniture, diapers and college savings plans. If you think this scenario is far-fetched, remember this is how webmail providers like Google’s Gmail service have been data-mining your emails for several years in order to display advertising relevant to whatever is being discussed in each message (as described by Google itself here).

Conclusion

Facebook’s acquisition of WhatsApp represents a boon to that small company, rewarding not just dozens of employees for their hard work, dedication and perseverance but their customers as well, who chose to trust the company by using their instant messaging software. Trust, however, is not immutable and can be damaged, even lost, when the relationship between a company and its customers is abused. Facebook is known for playing fast and loose with the privacy of its users (who are, after all, not its customers; Facebook’s customers are advertising agencies). It remains to be seen if Facebook’s acquisition of WhatsApp will allow the service to continue to grow, or whether its users will flee from the combined grasp of Facebook and WhatsApp in favor of companies that offer more secure and private instant messaging.

We would be remiss if we did not point out that many of the issues ESET has explored are potential concerns based on what might happen in the future. Or, in other words: Don’t panic. If you are using the WhatsApp or Facebook apps on your smartphone right now, there’s no need to uninstall either program because of concerns about privacy in the future. However, it would be a good idea for you to review their settings as well as terms of use and privacy policies now as well as any time after each app updates to a newer version.

The author would like to thank his colleagues Bruce Burrell, Graham Cluley, Stephen Cobb, David Harley, Lysa Myers and Thomas Uhlemann for their research and contributions to this article.

Aryeh Goretsky, MVP, ZCSE

Distinguished Researcher

References and further reading

Jauregui, Paul. “What’s up with WhatsApp’s Security?” Praetorian. http://www.praetorian.com/blog/whats-up-with-whatsapps-security-facebook-ssl-vulnerabilities.

Levine, Yasha. “The problem with WhatsApp’s privacy boasts: They’re not true.” PandoDaily. http://pando.com/2014/02/21/the-problem-with-whatsapps-privacy-boasts-theyre-not-true/.

Kurtz, Andreas. “Shooting the Messenger.” http://www.andreas-kurtz.de/2011/09/shooting-messenger.html.

Page, Carly. “Facebook’s Whatsapp buy is a privacy nightmare for users, but it makes sense for the social network.” The Inquirer. http://www.theinquirer.net/inquirer/opinion/2329985/facebooks-whatsapp-buyout-is-a-privacy-nightmare-for-users-but-it-makes-sense-for-the-social-network.

Saudi Gazette. “CITC warns Skype, Viber, WhatsApp.” http://www.saudigazette.com.sa/index.cfm?method=home.regcon&contentid=20130401159359.

Wikipedia. “WhatsApp.” https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WhatsApp.

Williams, Martyn. “WhatsApp could face prosecution on poor privacy.” CSO Online. http://www.csoonline.com/article/727756/whatsapp-could-face-prosecution-on-poor-privacy.                                                                                                0136964-15b3d517840acb9dd72dbba888ddaabc.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001731 00000000000 015471  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Phillies announced today that they have claimed left-hander Patrick Schuster off waivers from the Athletics and optioned him to Triple-A Lehigh Valley. Oakland had designated the 25-year-old Schuster for assignment earlier in the week.

Schuster made his big league debut with the A’s this season but surrendered eight runs on nine hits and six walks in 6 2/3 innings. While those numbers aren’t much to look at, Schuster has dominated at the Triple-A level this year, posting a brilliant 1.16 ERA with 39 strikeouts, 12 walks and a 44.44 percent ground-ball rate in 38 2/3 innings. Schuster was at one time the first pick of the Rule 5 Draft (2013) and has an overall solid minor league track record. He’ll give the Phillies a depth option in the bullpen and could get a chance to prove that he can be a long-term piece in their bullpen with a September call-up this season, as he remains on the 40-man roster (which is now at 40 players) after being optioned to the minors.                                       0136972-09ce15dbca2cc836fde30ab6e50bf524.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007152 00000000000 015405  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Former Vice President Joe Biden speaking at commencement exercises Saturday at Morgan State University, decried the decline of "civilized discourse" during the election campaign last year and urged graduates to stay engaged in the world.

Speaking to more than 700 graduates and their families at the historically black university in Baltimore, Biden touched on his eight years as vice president under Barack Obama, his personal life, the 2016 election and the current political climate.

"This past election cycle churned up some of the most ugly realities," he said. "Civilized discourse and real debate gave way to a coarseness in our rhetoric."

During the campaign, he said, "we saw just how much of a grip racism and sexism still has on America."

"Racism was embraced as a political tool on the national level," he said. "I thought we had passed the days where it is acceptable for politicians to say out loud, to bestow legitimacy on hate speech and fringe ideologies."

While the climate might discourage some, Biden urged the graduates not "to write off the system as irredeemably flawed."

Biden said the attitudes are "temporary" and not tolerated by the country.

Biden, who declined to seek the Democratic nomination for president in 2016 after the death of his son Beau, said he "may very well" run in 2020.

He opened the speech saying he first learned of Morgan State's reputation as a young lifeguard on the east side of Wilmington, Del.

"I was the only white boy. You think I'm kidding, but I'm not," he said to laughter. When the other lifeguards spoke about their college plans, he said, Morgan State often came up.

"I grew up feeling self-conscious I didn't go to an HBCU," he said, and drew cheers.

He closed with advice: He urged graduates to strive to find a balanced work life, and find fulfillment in in what they do. He spoke about cherishing time with loved ones, even when work might take over. He spoke about his first wife and young daughter, who were killed in a car crash shortly after he was first elected to the Senate in 1972.

Biden also spoke about the pressure to succeed and the temptation to do what others think is right. He urged the graduates to "follow what you feel in your gut. That's your North Star."

He told them to "engage the world around you, because you will be more successful and happy, and because that's how progress happens."

Biden got laughs acknowledging the internet commentary poking fun at his friendship with Obama.

"I know all those memes you guys did," he said. "It's the truth, we're the closest of friends."

Haneef Hardy, 23, who earned a bachelor's degree in sociology, said the speech was "motivating."

The Philadelphia native, the first in his family to graduate from college, said he was ready to "give back to the community."

Hardy has been teaching first grade at Margaret Brent Elementary School in Charles Village. He said he's considering several jobs. He wants one in which he can "make a difference."

Several students who were killed last year were granted degrees posthumously.

Charles McGee, 23, who was fatally shot in November, was granted a degree in political science. Marcus Edwards, 21, who was stabbed to death in September, was granted a degree in social work. Tyronn Hodges, who was shot to death in Northeast Washington in February, was granted a degree in business administration.

Biden; Sylvia Brown, a Baltimore philanthropist; Sheldon Goldseker, chairman of the board of directors for the Goldseker Foundation; and Morgan alumna April Ryan, White House correspondent for the American Urban Radio Networks, received honorary doctorates.

jkanderson@baltsun.com

twitter.com/janders5                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136958-575c7199b439e749ef2cae9a014183e1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002530 00000000000 015002  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Dutch police arrested five Romanian men as part of an investigation into a criminal ring that brazenly stole iPhones from moving trucks on highways, a spokesperson said Monday.

Authorities made the arrests in Otterlo over the weekend and found a half a million euros ($587,000) worth of iPhones during the raid, police spokesman Ed Kraszewski said.

The men are suspected of tailgating electronics delivery trucks with a modified van so that one of the thieves could climb onto the hood and break into the trucks while the vehicles were driving down the highway.

The thief would then pass the iPhones back to their co-conspirators in the van without the truck driver ever noticing.

Investigators puzzled

Kraszewski said that police have been investigating missing iPhones from trucks for some time but didn't think that such a method was possible.

The last late-night heist took place a week ago.

"The truck was taking its freight from A to B and did not stop. Even so, (the phones) were gone," he said. "So it must have happened that way. And now we finally have the evidence, with the van and the loot."

Of the 17 truck heists believed to have been carried out the by the gang, five were in the Netherlands.

Dutch police will send the suspects' fingerprints to other countries' law enforcement to see if there is a match with similar heists.

cw/se (AP, dpa)                                                                                                                                                                        0136859-1e6a85647cca891fdae25137215e0819.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004613 00000000000 014773  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Wairarapa DOC ranger Henry Campbell explains the process of releasing Turbo, a young North Island brown kiwi, into the wild at the Pukaha Mt Bruce wildlife centre on Wednesday.

A North Island brown kiwi released into the wild at the Pukaha Mt Bruce wildlife centre north of Masterton has been christened Turbo, after hatching in record time.

But even Turbo might struggle to keep up with competitors in the centre's unique multisport race on September 27.

The Wild Challenge, a 10-kilometre run through virgin bush full of some of the country's rarest wildlife, followed by a 23km road cycle, includes among its prizes the chance to name, then personally release, one of next year's Kiwi House residents.

CALEB HARRIS/ FAIRFAX NZ Wairarapa DOC ranger Henry Campbell attaches a transmitter to a young kiwi named Turbo before releasing him into bush at the Pukaha Mt Bruce wildlife centre north of Masterton on Wednesday.

Ten-month-old Turbo, whose gender is not known yet, broke through the egg's shell in just three hours instead of the normal period of up to five days, and is one of last season's hatchlings.

He was released on Wednesday by Wairarapa DOC ranger Henry Campbell as part of the reserve's forest restoration project. He was helped by Wild Challenge competitors Jess Matthews and Judy Howard, who work for project sponsor Higgins contracting.

The 942-hectare, unfenced reserve is protected by an intense trapping programme, which put a stop in July to a bad run of kiwi deaths attributed to a "rogue" ferret, centre general manager Helen Tickner said.

"So we are now confident about returning our kiwi back into the forest."

READ MORE:

* Forest duathlon a wild challenge

* White kiwi chicks killed at Pukaha Mt Bruce

Campbell has personally released about seven kiwi before Turbo. He said it was an important task since forest restoration was not just about ridding the forest of introduced predators, but also restocking it with native fauna and flora.

"It's a privilege, quite special and a pretty rare thing to be a part of."

Between 12 and 20 North Island brown kiwi hatch each year in the centre's nursery and are gradually released into the wild as part of an effort to slowly restore birdsong to the remnant of the primeval bush.

This year's Wild Challenge will include a short, easier kids' course and all competitors get a family pass for their support crew, worth $50. More information: www.pukaha.org.nz                                                                                                                     0136896-4db9b3621f068987f02bb575ce1cf8be.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001404 00000000000 015215  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        You missed it! But Today's Woot is waiting!

Leave some for the rest of us!

Hey, you can only buy 3 of these.

Just Beat It

Your heart rate must go on.

Use this: in the heart of the moment, telling me what my heat meant. Wait, did we mix that up?

Don't use this: for running. USE IT FORERUNNING! JEEZ! CAN'T YOU PEOPLE READ?!

This just posted on Facebook: "I always say, 'I can see into yr heart,' and people are all, 'thaz cheezy!' n I'm like, 'no seriously.' :D"

Left to its own devices, this: would alternate between whispering sweet nothings to and yelling obscenities at your heart rate to make its graph as interesting as possible.

The experts say: if a heart beats in a body, and no one monitors, then there is no proof that it's beating at all.

Back to top                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0136926-649fd584c49fdc194d21dd9e9a9384c1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010110 00000000000 015142  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Image by Joe Flood licensed under Creative Commons.

Recent data from the 2016 American Community Survey has spoken: at 18.3 percent, DC now has the highest percentage of commuters in the country walking and biking to work, while another 37 percent take transit. However, the way employer benefits are currently set up gives the biggest reward to people who drive. This means more traffic and longer commutes. A proposed bill called “parking cash-out” could give employees the chance to trade in their parking space for extra cash and encourage drivers to explore other commuting options.

Parking cash-out will give more people access to transit benefits

Right now, employers can provide their workers with a tax-free commuting benefit that covers up to $255 a month for parking and another $255 a month for public transit. This means that an employee who takes advantage of both the transit and parking benefit can set aside over $500 of tax-free income toward parking and transit. They can also get a bike benefit — but it’s capped at $20 a month and can’t be combined with the parking or public transit benefit. People who walk to work, meanwhile, are on their own.

While a parking subsidy is not very useful to people who work where parking is free and abundant, the value of it can add up for people driving into a place where parking is at a premium. In parking-scarce areas like downtown DC, the parking subsidy makes driving more attractive for workers — and contributes to more congestion and longer commutes.

DC councilmembers Charles Allen, Mary Cheh, and Brianne Nadeau have introduced a plan to give people an equally strong incentive to bike and walk to work: the Transportation Benefits Equity Act. This bill would require employers of a certain size that already provide their employees with subsidized parking to give their employees the option to trade in that benefit for cash. That means employees who walk or bike would now have the chance to pocket the value of their parking space as taxable income, or use the parking benefit for transit. Employees who drive to work could still use their parking benefits to commute in and park at work.

DC residents already prefer to get to work in ways that don’t rely on driving. This flexible commuter benefit (known as “parking cash-out”) would give these employees an incentive to keep up their habit and encourage more people to walk or bike to work instead. Cheryl Cort, Policy Director at the Coalition for Smarter Growth, estimates that a benefit like the one proposed in the Transportation Benefits Equity Act would lead to a 10 to 12 percent reduction in the number of people driving alone to and from work.



Image used with permission.

Parking cash-out is easy to turn into reality

This bill would be easy to implement because it builds on DC’s Commuter Benefits Law, which requires all employers with 20 or more employees to provide them with the option to use their own pre-tax money to pay for transit. The parking cash-out bill will use the systems employers already have to make to their payroll systems to administer pre-tax benefits under the Commuter Benefits Law. If an employee wants to opt for transit rather than a parking benefit, their benefit would just be switched from parking to transit in the system. If an employee wants to use their parking benefit to walk or bicycle, they would receive the value of the parking space as taxable income.

Proponents point out that the bill could even wind up benefiting employers in the long run. According to the World Resource Institute, converting a non-active employee into a bike commuter saves $3,000 in employer health care costs and reduced absenteeism.

The DC Council is considering passing a parking cash-out bill

The DC Council will hold a hearing on the Transportation Benefits Equity Acton September 25. You can tell the Council you support more incentives to get people biking, walking, or riding transit to work by testifying in person or by sending a letter of support. You can also sign a petition with the Coalition for Smarter Growth.



Want more information? Email claire@smartergrowth.net.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0136988-04876856b44114cae90e0479029793f5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010147 00000000000 014510  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Microsoft will extend support for the Windows Server and SQL Server product lines to keep customers, and ultimately convince them to move their workloads into the cloud, an analyst said today.

Last week, Microsoft unveiled "Premium Assurance," which will add up to six more years to the support lifespan of Windows Server 2008 and later, and SQL Server 2008 and later. Enterprises with existing Software Assurance agreements will be able to purchase the additional support starting in March 2017.

Under Premium Assurance, only those security updates classified as patching "Critical" and "Important" flaws will be provided. The extended support will cost between 5% and 12% of the current licensing cost for each year of coverage, depending on when during the next two and a half years a customer commits.

Analysts read between the lines of the announcement, trying to discern Microsoft's motivation -- beyond what a pair of marketing executives put forward -- and to explain why the company switched from a semi-secret practice of offering extended support to some firms, but not all, to a more transparent policy available to most commercial customers.

According to Dolores Ianni, research director at Gartner, Premium Assurance was an admission by Microsoft that customers have had problems migrating their servers to newer versions.

"Look what they are up against," said Ianni, pointing to the upcoming deadlines for Windows Server 2008 and SQL Server 2008, which will be retired from traditional support in January 2020 and July 2019, respectively. "This is a huge issue, and Microsoft is trying to get out in front of it," Ianni added, referring to the large numbers of enterprises that won't upgrade those editions before they reach end-of-life.

Under the old regime, customers would be out of luck if they missed a migration deadline. The only way to continue receiving security updates was with a Custom Support Agreement, or CSA, which were notoriously expensive and came with strings, including demands that the company commit to a migration timeline. CSAs were renewed annually, but were, in fact, temporary; Microsoft rarely allowed a CSA to run for more than two or three years.

"CSAs made customers dig way too deep into their budgets," said Ianni. "This became a huge problem for Microsoft, because it prevented spending on new areas, like the cloud." In other words, although Microsoft was happy to book revenue from CSAs, it would rather customers spend that money on something new, preferably a service, that would generate more revenue over time.

By making Premium Assurance more affordable than a CSA, Microsoft will give customers what they need -- additional support for server products they're unlikely to soon abandon -- but without breaking enterprise budgets. Ianni applauded the move. "They could have structured this so that it would have been even more expensive," she said. "I'm happy to see that there is some flexibility."

The end goal, Ianni and others said, was to get customers running Windows Server or SQL Server on premises or in a data center to transfer those workloads to Azure, Microsoft's cloud-based service.

"Microsoft is saying, 'Invest in our platform and look at Azure,'" Wes Miller, an analyst with Directions on Microsoft, said about Microsoft's ultimate ideal result.

"The strategic endgame here for Microsoft is to get customers into Azure. But they don't want to lose those customers along the way," Ianni said, referring to Microsoft. "They don't want customers to jump ship, from SQL Server to Oracle, say."

Desertions from one ecosystem to another are most likely when product support runs out -- when a change must be made in any case -- whether by upgrading to a new edition from Company A, or switching to the competitor from Company B.

"This is just kicking the can down the road in some ways," Ianni acknowledged. At the same time, Premium Assurance should give companies the breathing room needed to migrate from, for example, Windows Server 2008 R2 to a newer edition, like Windows Server 2016.

"I see this as the first phase in a longer-term strategy to get people to move [server workloads] into the cloud," Ianni said.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136950-e510628916086af49514d898ad8da447.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007332 00000000000 014644  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        This week the Australian Renewable Energy Agency reported that module installation had commenced at Australias largest renewables mining project. On completion, Sandfire Resources’ DeGrussa Copper-Gold Mine in Western Australia will be equipped with a 10.6 MW PV power plant to supply the mines daily operations.

Single axis tracking will be deployed on the project that will utilize 34,080 solar PV modules. The juwi Group is acting as EPC on the project that will offset approximately five million liters of diesel fuel annually.

ARENA is providing AU$20.9 million (US$15.25 million) in funding for the AU$40 million (US$29.2 million) project and the agency hopes it will provide the mining industry with an example to be rolled out elsewhere.

While this is underway, international investors are showing increasing interest in offgrid projects for mining operations. Offgrid renewables consultant Thomas Hillig says that he is aware of one investment group having set aside 100 million for offgrid renewable investments.

Over the last months we have done several introduction workshops to solar and wind diesel hybrid markets which address investors needs, THEnergys Hillig told pv magazine. After we announced a collaboration with an established renewable energy investor who is setting up a 100 million (US$109 million) plus fund for investing into off-grid projects, we have been addressed by even more investors.

Hillig explained that as traditional renewable incentive schemes such as FITs, ROCs and tax incentives have declined or been wound back, development in sunnier regions has picked up.

In these regions, the business case [for PV] is quite often excellent, but local governments or utilities are not always the most reliable PPA contract partner for investors, said Hillig. Mines often have to pay a high price for electricity: particularly if they are located in remote locations and diesel has to be transported over long distances. Mines consume much electricity that means that there is a good potential for large solar and wind power plants  often much more than in other industries.

Offgrid projects do come with inherent risks. THEnergys Hillig said that often there is no alternative offtaker if a mine operation is shuttered due to commodity price fluctuations, however that this risk it mitigated by multinational mining groups good standing with the investment community.

While it may seem a relatively niche application of solar PV, the potential to supply mining operations with renewable electricity from PV in countries like Australia, Africa and parts of Latin America is in GW-scale. Ray Wills is the Managing Director of Future Smart Strategies and he says that as production and fuel-saving data begins to flow in from projects such as DeGrussa and BHPs Weipa project in Queensland, that mining companies will move very quickly to employ solar PV in remote locations.

Because these projects are being funded by ARENA and others, that data will become public and once that data is public I think many mine sites will start to move very quickly, Wills told pv magazine. I am suggesting as early as early 2016 we will see a lot of the miners step up and theyll move past pilot [projects] and trialing to actually saying that solar will bring down operational costs.

We know that there is at least 700  800 MW of demand in diesel power generation alone [in Western Australia], so there is at least that much and that is just for the miners.

The DeGrussa project will also employ battery storage, in the form of a 6MWh battery system.

pv magazine has formed a media partnership with the Energy and Mines conference series. The first of the 2016 conference series will take place in London on January 28-29.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136983-4a35f6457b1dfdff2bce148b8f3b4b7e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005547 00000000000 015441  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        It may not be a streamlined hybrid, a futuristic electric vehicle or a snazzy biofuel car, but a distinctly boxy diesel Volvo has won What Car? magazine's award for the year's greenest car.

A small family car with carbon emissions on a par with Toyota's Prius, the Volvo S40 DRIVe received the award today from London mayor Boris Johnson. Vauxhall's Ampera electric car and US electric car-maker Tesla also received awards.

Johnson said: "There are clear incentives for manufacturers to raise the bar higher and higher to design less gas guzzling cars that take hundreds of pounds off consumers' fuel bills. This is good for the planet, good for the economy and great for the driver."

What Car? editor Steve Fowler said of the winning Volvo: "It's not just about a low CO2 figure. The S40 is great to drive, safe, has enough space for the family and, crucially, is cheap to run, too."

Ford, the US motoring giant which owns Volvo, lost out to Toyota in the battle for trophies between major car manufacturers. Toyota's Avensis 2.0 D-4D (CO2 emissions of 135 grammes per kilometre) won the best family car award, while Toyota subsidary Lexus picked up the prize for the greenest 4x4 with a petrol hybrid SUV, the RX450h SE-L (148g/km).

The winner of the technical award, Vauxhall's electric Ampera, is expected to debut in its US model the GM Volt in 2010 and arrive in the UK by 2012. Vauxhall's parent company General Motors claims the Ampera will change the image of electric cars by combining a 100mph top speed with an electric motor capable of driving 40 miles and a petrol engine which can increase the car's range to several hundred miles. Most of today's production electric cars, such as the G-Wiz, have a range of less than 100 miles.

Two notable omissions from the winners' list were Honda's hybrid Insight — which is the same size as the Volvo S40 DRIVe but has lower emissions — and the next generation Prius, which is set to go on sale later this summer.

Fowler warned the recession had made cars' environmental credentials a low priority for consumers. "Green issues are still a hot topic, but it's fair to say that they are not right at the top of car buyers' priorities at the moment. It's just as well then, that green cars will save you plenty of cash at the fuel pumps and will likely be worth more than other cars when you come to sell."

The winners:

Supermini

Fiat 500 Start&Stop £9,700, 113g/km, 58.9mpg

Small family car

Volvo S40 1.6D DRIVe S £17,495, 104g/km, 72.4mpg

Family car

Toyota Avensis 2.0 D-4D T2 £17,545, 135g/km, 55.4mpg

Executive car

BMW 318d ES £24,235, 123g/km, 60.1mpg

MPV

Citroën Grand C4 Picasso 1.6 HDi £19,095, 140g/km, 53.3mpg

4X4

Lexus RX450h SE-L £50,460, 148g/km, 44.8mpg

Sports car

Mini Cooper S £16,575, 149g/km, 45.6 mpg

Luxury car

Audi A8 2.8 V6 FSI SE £49,970, 199g/km, 34.0mpg

Technology

Vauxhall Ampera

Editor's award

Tesla                                                                                                                                                         0136954-f98479d73b44518ff5ff7e941c21078b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011166 00000000000 015022  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        One year ago to the day Team Canada lost the opener of the world junior hockey championship, an omen perhaps to the worst showing for the country in almost 20 years.

The Canadians got it right to start the tournament this year, sailing past the Russians 5-3 in their preliminary-round opener on Monday night. Canada scored three power-play goals, including a pair by captain Dylan Strome, and outshot their long-time international rivals 37-17.

“It’s a good start for us,” said Strome, one of five returning players from the 2016 squad. “I think we were really ready to play and we were really prepared for Russia and we’ll be prepared for Slovakia (Tuesday) night.”

Shut out of the medal hunt in three of the past four world junior tournaments, this was the kind of mostly emphatic start the Canadians needed. Canada dropped their opener to the Americans last December in Finland – losing 4-2 – and eventually finished sixth, the worst result for the country since an eighth-place outcome in 1998.

Russian defenceman Mikhail Sergachev was only slightly impressed.

“They’re a pretty fast team,” said Sergachev, a Montreal Canadiens prospect who scored the first Russian goal. “But we can beat them all the time because they get weak in the second and third periods. They’re just pretty good in the first.”

Canada indeed started fast, bursting out of the gate at Air Canada Centre with speed and energy. The Canadians outshot the Russians 7-1 over the first seven minutes or so of regulation, Tyson Jost getting on the board after three minutes ticked by.

Speeding down the right side, the St. Albert, Alta., native was fed cross-ice by defenceman Philippe Myers, Jost lifting a nifty backhand over the glove of Ilya Samsonov, the Washington Capitals’ top pick in 2015.

Canada continued to attack the Russians with good pace, forcing turnovers and creating scoring opportunities.

“We expect that, with the speed we have,” head coach Dominique Ducharme said. “It’s part of our identity.”

Russia halted the momentum around the midway point of the period when Denis Guryanov, a Dallas Stars first-round pick, won a puck battle in the Canadian corner. He then dished it to Sergachev, the 18-year-old blue-line prospect picked ninth overall at the 2016 draft, and he whipped a shot from above the slot which beat Canadian netminder Carter Hart.

It was only the Russians’ second shot, Hart seemingly unable to pick it up cleanly through a maze of bodies. Goaltending is among the central question marks for Canada, Hart’s performance (three goals on 17 shots) is unlikely to inspire much early confidence.

Russia got its best pressure of the second frame with Thomas Chabot in the box for slashing and the score still tied at one. But the Canadians survived, a key Blake Speers blocked shot aiding in the nervous final moments of the Russian advantage.

Strome, who called Speers Canada’s hardest working player in the win, scored on a power play a short while after his teammate’s short-handed efforts. The 19-year-old Strome, who grew up 15 minutes outside of Toronto in the suburb of Mississauga, fired a one-time shot from the right face-off circle, the attempt just getting under the glove of Samsonov. Strome was set up nicely by Matt Barzal, the New York Islanders’ first-round pick who threaded a pass from the opposite face-off circle.

Nicolas Roy upped the Canadian lead to two less than four minutes after that. Fighting for control of the puck with a Russian in the slot, the six-foot-four, 193-pound centre quickly shot it after he gained control, beating Samsonov.

Despite Sergachev’s proclamations of Canadian weakness in the second period, shots were actually 15-4 for Canada in the middle frame and 27-9 overall after 40 minutes.

Canada struck again on an early power play in the third, a highlight-worthy play from Barzal. He stormed to the left in the area just in front of Samsonov, sending the shot in the opposite direction, the attempt just sailing over the glove of the Russian netminder. Barzal was fed from behind the net by Pierre-Luc Dubois.

After the Russians cut it to 4-2, Strome increased the lead back to three on yet another man advantage, the Arizona Coyotes’ top prospect scooping up a Barzal rebound for the Canadians’ third power-play tally of the game.

“We just kept saying, ‘if we’re getting the opportunities they’re going to go in eventually'”, Strome said. “Two great plays where I just picked up the trash.”

Barzal, added his third point of the night on the play, finishing with a goal and two assists. He was named Canada’s best player after the game.

The Canadians face Slovakia on Tuesday night.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0136849-bcaec6c334a2e35b49b6704b27d0317c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017053 00000000000 015167  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        By Dr. A.J. Drenth

INTPs, ENTPs, ISTPs, and ESTPs experience similar challenges in their relationships. Many of these challenges relate to the fact that their Feeling function, Extraverted Feeling (Fe), resides lower in their functional stack and is therefore more unconscious and childlike.

One effect of an inferior Fe is a tendency to fantasize about the ideal romance. Since Fe represents a sort of goal or endpoint of TPs’ type development, dreaming of ideal love can provide a “quick hit” of ephemeral bliss or wholeness. To further fuel these feelings, TPs may turn to musical ballads or romantic movies, which soothe and support their childlike ideals of the fairy tale romance.

While highly idealistic on the one hand, an inferior Fe can also produce ample doubt and cynicism toward relationships on the other. TPs with sufficient dating experience come to realize just how challenging relationships can be and may at some point come to doubt that they (or any prospective partner) have what it takes to sustain a deeply meaningful relationship. Since TPs, especially ITPs, are disposed to developing a bipolar, love-hate relationship with their Fe, they often exhibit the same bipolarism (i.e., idealism vs. nihilism/cynicism) toward their relationships. In many ways, the capacity for TPs to individuate and their ability to develop healthy, meaningful relationships runs along the same track.

In ENTP and INTP relationships, it is not only Fe that contributes to relational doubt, but also their Ne imagination. As with other things, Ne is adept at envisioning numerous ways in which the relationship could potentially fail. NTPs may worry, for instance, that it is only a matter of time before their partner will start trying to control or make excessive demands of them. INTPs, in particular, may be terrified of compromising their cherished independence and autonomy. Unfortunately, while their Fe, Ne, and Ti may contribute to a perfect brainstorm of fears and concerns, NTPs are often reluctant to reality test their hypotheses. Namely, they may fail to express their fears and concerns to their partners in order to determine whether they are well-founded. But why is this the case? Why are TPs reluctant to disclose their fears and concerns to their partner?

Reasons TPs Fail to Communicate in Relationships

One reason TPs may fail to communicate their thoughts in relationships is a concern for hurting their partner’s feelings. Considering their status as Thinking types, it may seem a bit strange that TPs be overly concerned about hurting others feelings. But there may actually be more going on here than meets the eye. In reality, TPs may be less worried about their partner’s feelings than they are their own discomfort with navigating emotional situations. Their real fear may involve feeling ill-equipped to effectively handle emotionally sensitive situations. Many TPs feel and act like children when it comes to dealing with emotional matters. Again, this can be attributed to the inferior development of their Fe.

Another reason TPs may fear expressing their relational concerns is the fear of saying something that will jeopardize the relationship (e.g., “If I tell her how I really feel, will she still love me or want to be with me?”). This fear is typically rooted in deeper fears, such as the fear of being alone, of being rejected or unlovable, or of being unneeded. Such fears are not entirely baseless in the sense that Fe is a real part of TPs’ functional stack; they do enjoy and benefit from love and relationships. But as we’ve seen, when it comes to Fe matters, it is easy for TPs to think in extremes and imagine the worst. So although they may be highly rational when it comes to T matters, their thinking can veer into the irrational when it comes relationships. Some TPs may even worry that each new relational problem or obstacle is irremediable and a likely portent of relational doom.

What are TPs Thinking? The Danger of Concealed Thoughts

When TPs conceal their concerns about their partner or about the state of the relationship, they do neither themselves nor the relationship any favors. Here are some examples of thoughts TPs may harbor and fail to share with their partners:

“There she goes being irrational again. Another emotional rant.”

“I’m really not interested in what she is saying right now, I wish I could escape and do something else.”

“She is so needy and demanding. I wish she would just leave me be for a while.”

Such thoughts involve judgments that can lead TPs to close themselves off to further information. For instance, by assuming that the display of strong emotions is irrational, they close themselves to the possibility that there may be a rational basis for the emotional response, even if they fail to see it upfront. By sticking to such judgments, they are really acting tyrannically and disrespectfully. They assume their subjective response is correct and their partner’s is inferior. In such instances, they are not really relating to their partner, but judging and demeaning them.

What is most curious is the fact that this process often occurs entirely internally, in the TPs’ mind. In the meantime, TPs may outwardly feign participation in the conversation in order to avoid escalating the conflict and to preserve their “nice guy” (or girl) persona. Unfortunately, many TPs fail to realize that what they are doing is really not nice at all. Rather, they are being passive-aggressive, controlling, and cowardly.

It can also be easy for TPs to consider their hidden thoughts benign, perhaps reasoning that some degree of secrecy and dissatisfaction is inevitable in any relationship. What they may not realize, however, is the degree to which their undisclosed thoughts serve as raw material for further relational breakdown. Such thoughts can lay the foundation for the construction of an alternate reality to which their partner has no access. As this alternate reality grows, it becomes increasingly difficult for TPs to truly love their partners or to perceive them fairly and accurately. Rather, they become increasingly dishonest, passive-aggressive, disinterested, and detached from the relationship. This also reinforces TPs’ love-hate relationship with their inferior Fe. They become more cynical toward love and perhaps even toward life.

Closing Thoughts

If Fe represents open, honest, and effective interpersonal communication, it is unfortunate that TPs, who can be seen as striving to realize Fe in their lives, often undercut themselves by failing to be open and honest in their relationships. In short, they often idealize Fe while at the same time failing to exercise Fe principles in their actions. They may choose to be “nice,” which really is nice at all, rather than being honest. Like most folks, they are controlled by their fears, concerned that fully unveiling themselves is a sure road to rejection. But it is only through complete vulnerability that TPs will find the depth of love and acceptance they desire. Only an uncensored relationship will hold their interest and keep them from constantly retreating into their own minds.

As discussed in my recent post, Mature vs. Childish Relationships, real love, mature love, is built on reality rather than on illusions or ideals. Love must be founded on truth, even when it hurts. When partners are completely open and honest with each other, the roots of the relationship can extend ever deeper as problems, fears, and frustrations are successfully expressed, analyzed, and integrated.

Related Posts

INTP Relationships

ENTP Relationships

More Relationship Posts

Our Personality Type Profiles                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136963-0eb2db7087e4297e595539ecd1a1695c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011011 00000000000 015047  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        On August 22nd I went to visit my parents who have been retired and currently live in Italy and attend the wedding of my best friend in Germany. Before I had left my father had what seemed to be a swollen lymph node on his neck the size of a bean, not a big deal and as he put it "Ehhh...it's nothing." When I had returned from Germany 4 days later it had grown the size of a grapefruit, he had trouble breathing and was waiting to be seen in Italy. He was seen a couple days later and given antibiotics, day before I flew out he said it was getting better and figured it was just a bacterial infection. I flew back stateside and a week after received a phone call from my mother after he had been seen again by a specialty team in Verona, Italy. My father had been diagnosed with Anaplastic cancer of the thyroid or Anaplastic Thyroid Carcinoma (ATC) on his neck, very rare and very aggressive. The surgeon said in his 48 year in medicine he had only seen 4 cases like this in his entire career. Not genetic and no known cause, my father has never smoked in his life and till the day he was told has been living a very active life. Even winning the 2016 Italian racquetball Open masters (50+) division at 69 years of age. There were only 600 cases nationwide in the US last year, only 2 cancer centers in the US that specialize in this form. I flew in to Tampa 2 weeks ago on Saturday to get things set up at the Moffitt Cancer Center and my parents flew in Sunday from Italy and soonest we could get him seen was on Tuesday morning due to the extended weekend (Labor Day). My father had gone from a clean bill of health to stage 4 cancer in 11 days, couldn't believe what I was hearing. 2 days after being admitted he had to have a tracheotomy, due to the tumor pushing his trachea making it very difficult to breathe, started chemo and was to begin radiation treatment within 3 days to slow down the growth of tumor. Due to the aggressive nature of this type of cancer it had pushed the first breathing tube and had to have surgery again to get refitted just a few days after. To make matters worse he had been taking blood thinners to prevent blood clots, in order to do surgery they had to stop the blood thinners and he had developed 2 clots, one in his arm and another in his leg. Pulmonary team had been concerned about his breathing and then was being treated for pneumonia. All this in a matter of 2 1/2 weeks, my mother or myself have been by his side since he landed in Tampa. Their insurance covers most of the costs but not all and due to the aggressive nature of the cancer there will be many more costs involved. My parents are in the process of selling their home and I've depleted my savings to contribute what I could with costs associated. The amount for just a single day dosage of Lenvatinib is $8000.00, which we have been told he will need for 6-8 weeks...this is just one of the medications which he will be needing. I want my mother and father to be concerned about getting well and recovering not finances or any other stress causing factors. At this point my only priority in life is the health of my father and mother being by his side fighting along with him, I've decided to put my pride aside and reach out to everyone I know and ask for donations to assist me in eliminating a portion of what debt has incurred and future medical costs and leave them with enough that can cover their medical expenses that will be related in his fight against this cancer. I have been happy and proud to assist in a wide variety of non-profits from animal shelters to disabled combat veterans and dependents. I have found my purpose in life and created my own non-profit with another fellow veteran (We Defy Foundation) to assist disabled combat veterans and veterans fighting PTSD/TBI by creating a community where they can fight the battle together and create a brotherhood through Jiu Jitsu. My father is a veteran, Retired Department of Defense civilian for 26 years, my hero and the reason I have had the courage and strength to do what I have done in life. It is because of his moral standard that I am the way I am and able to do the things I am doing. Without him I wouldn't of had the guidance and support to be a Special Forces operator, make it through multiple combat rotations or have the confidence to start my own business or anything I'm able to do currently. Without my mother and fathers influence I would not be the man I am today. Any amount will make a difference, all donations will be tax deductible. Sincerely, Thank you all for your support and your assistance in this matter.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0136971-db6ad8161887176a18df353b358056ba.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004071 00000000000 014764  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        NEW DELHI: As the iconic 163-year-old telegram passed into history, the last message was sent to

Gandhi.

RahulThe telegram counter closed at 11.45pm on Sunday night and the last message was booked at the counter of Central Telegraph Office (CTO) Janpath by one Ashwani Mishra, who sent messages to Rahul Gandhi and director general of DD news SM Khan.The revenue collected was Rs 68,837 as the country bid adieu to the harbinger of good and bad news for generations of Indians.The total booking was 2,197 of which billing through computer accounted for 1,329 and phone booking 91, a senior telegraph officer said.CTO had collected forms from many individuals and these will be manually handled, the officer said.A large number of people, many of them youngsters and first timers, turned up on Sunday at four telegraph centres in the capital which have almost been forgotten in recent years to send a message to their loved ones on the last day of the service.Started in 1850 on an experimental basis between Kolkata and Diamond Harbour, it was opened for use by the British East India Company the following year. In 1854, the service was made available to the public.It was such an important mode of communication in those days that revolutionaries fighting for the country's independence used to cut the telegram lines to stop the British from communicating.Nudged out by technology — SMS, emails, mobile phones — the iconic service gradually faded into oblivion with less and less people taking recourse to it.Though started as a Morse code service, the telegram service evolved gradually with the use of computers. At the time of its death, it had become a web based telegraph mailing service (WBTMS) which used emails to instantly convey message to the other end.Old timers recall that receiving a telegram would be an event in itself and the messages were normally opened with a sense of trepidation as people feared for the welfare of their near and dear ones.For jawans and armed forces seeking leave or waiting for transfer or joining reports, it was a quick and handy mode of communication.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0136919-662000cf7679165612d26ba0b5a37350.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003317 00000000000 014525  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A man accused of stabbing two people he lives with at a house in Huntington Hills in northeast Calgary says he "didn't mean to."

Qisong Zhou, 50, is charged with attempted murder, assault with a weapon and two counts of possession of a weapon dangerous to the public.

Zhou appeared before a justice of the peace from the arrest processing unit on Wednesday morning.

"I need to talk about the process of the incident," said Zhou through a Mandarin interpreter.

A man and a woman were badly injured in a brutal stabbing Monday morning

Police have called the attack "unprovoked" and say although Zhou lives with the victims, it is not a domestic relationship.

Throughout the appearance, Zhou tried to speak several times to explain himself.

"I didn't mean to," he said. "Can I tell my reason?"

But Justice of the Peace Paul Newcombe interrupted, explaining the accused was to simply indicate if he understood the charges he was facing.

Eventually Zhou indicated he did understand the charges.

This is the home where a man and a women suffered stab wounds in northeast Calgary Monday morning. (Monty Kruger/CBC)

Police arrested Zhou around 4 p.m. Tuesday after releasing his name and photo and asking for the public's help locating the suspect.

He was found walking along Deerfoot Trail near Beddington Trail.

Police have not commented on what motivated the attack, but investigators say they are speaking to the victims as they recover in hospital.

On Wednesday, the accused expressed frustration that he's been unable to find a lawyer who speaks Mandarin.

"I need you to help me find a lawyer, I really cannot find a lawyer," said Zhou.

The matter was put over to Thursday morning to give Zhou another day to try to find counsel.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0136974-2daed88cb32d0ee6fe05c80b5510b71d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002607 00000000000 015331  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Friday, July 20, 2012, 10:30am, we hit a goal of $40,000!



Hopefully, we'll finish strong at $50,000 by Sunday evening July 22, 2012. Thank you all for your help!



---------------------------





This page is set up to raise funds and ease the burden on Steve's wife, son, and step-daughter.





Steve was a devoted husband, loving father, a good friend, and beloved by everyone that had the chance to know him as a person. He left us all way too early and will be deeply missed.





We reached our first goal of $5000 in the first 8hrs. The goal was increased to $20,000 and we broke that in 22hrs!





A message form MJ Carlesi:





" There are no words to express my gratitude to everyone who has reached out to me to give their condolences. I have not gotten to the hundreds of emails, the 100 posts on my wall and the hundreds of posts on Steve C 's wall yet but I have been browsing over them until I am overtaken by tears.

Thank you just doesn't seem like enough.

It's been a rough 5 days but the support has been beyond amazin

g and I only wish Steve knew how many of you loved him before he left us.

I hope to be able to reply to each and everyone of you...but please be patient.

ALSO, I want to send a HUUUUUUGE thank you (again, not sufficient wording) to The Opie and Anthony Show on Sirius XM. Erik texted me what you guys have donated and I cannot stop bawling.

I am beyond touched.



                                                                                                                         0136905-3500d9fdd23d296d205f010c08b97b66.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002043 00000000000 014743  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Sometimes you see something and your only reaction is … wow! Tonight we were cruising the interwebs and caught sight of Diamondbacks new Andean and our only reaction is our mouths hitting the floor. We don’t yet have the full details but this is what we do know.

The Andean is very much UCI illegal and triathlon specific. It includes storage locations for hydration, salt tabs, fuel, garbage, a tool kit with CO2 and multitool, and even room for your wallet.

As you can see from the images – the bike is built with disc brakes. And while the images show front derailleurs – it was designed to for 1X groups.

Andean will be available in multiple build options, with drivetrains, wheels, and components to choose from. Each Andean order is assembled in Diamondback’s exclusive in-house shop, Diamondback Studios. Prices will range from $6280 to $8600.

We will definitely share more details as we hear them but until then check out the video below for the Andean in action. And you can check out their white paper here.

Like this: Like Loading...                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0136980-9768d938865048fb2192181f8dc4a144.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005514 00000000000 014572  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Dredging up the myriad scandals of Hillary Clinton’s past is central, it seems, to how Donald Trump plans to defeat her. So it is not entirely surprising that Dick Morris, the former ally turned avowed enemy of the Clintons, is reportedly in talks to join the Trump campaign to help dig up dirt on his onetime employers.

New York magazine’s Gabe Sherman reports that Morris, Bill Clinton’s right-hand man until he resigned from the White House following a scandal with a prostitute, would join the campaign’s “Hillary unit,” dedicated to hunting for damaging rumors and facts that could hurt her bid for the presidency. “It’s on the table,” one of two sources with knowledge of the talks reportedly told Sherman. Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks immediately shot the story down, telling me that “there is no truth to this.”

Even if Morris isn’t officially throwing in his lot with the Great Orange Menace, 2016 certainly offers the former Clinton adviser his last, best chance to exact whatever revenge he’s long hoped to exact against Bill and Hillary. And the Trump campaign would be the perfect vehicle to do so. Morris famously came up with the “triangulation” strategy that won Bill Clinton re-election in 1996, in which the then president specifically avoided attaching himself to any particular party platform in order to appeal to a broad base of supporters—a similar strategy, it could be argued, to what Trump is trying to engineer now. A bigger impetus for Morris, however, seems to be his deep-seated hatred for the Clintons: ever since he was booted from their orbit following an alleged dalliance with a call girl, Morris has published several tell-all books portraying the Clintons as ruthless and dishonest, had a contract for a time at Fox News, where he endlessly criticized the power couple, and worked as a political consultant on several Republican campaigns. He has a weekly column at the New York Post, which has endorsed Trump, and was recently named “chief political correspondent” at the National Enquirer, whose C.E.O., David Pecker has reportedly been close friends with the billionaire for years.

That Morris has an ax to grind is indisputable. Less clear is whether he would be of much use to Trump. Ever since he left Clintonworld, Morris has developed a reputation for making legendarily terrible political predictions, particularly ones involving the Clintons themselves. While the Trump campaign is certainly combing every possible source for damaging revelations about the Clintons—including a new exposé, penned by an ex–Secret Service agent in the Clinton White House, which describes Hillary as having a “Jekyll and Hyde” personality—they may not be that desperate after all.

Donald Trump FOLLOW Bill Clinton FOLLOW Follow to get the latest news and analysis about the players in your inbox. See All Players                                                                                                                                                                                    0136998-61f6011b01803244b893fd10e47e7379.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007741 00000000000 014554  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Is the government about to ban Christianity and turn it into a criminal offense? According to one documentary, the answer is ‘yes’ because the gay rights movement is determined to outlaw the practice of Christianity.

As Kyle reported, the “documentary” will include appearances from Sen. Rand Paul and former Gov. Mike Huckabee, both likely presidential candidates.

Reps. Trent Franks, Louie Gohmert, Steve King and Tim Huelskamp also make appearances, joining the likes of creationist leader Ken Ham, discredited pseudo-historian David Barton and even “ex-homosexuals.”

Scott Lively, the Religious Right activist who pushed for laws criminalizing homosexuality in Uganda and banning pro-gay-rights speech in Russia, is also a featured guest. Not only does Lively believe that Obama is the Antichrist and claim that gay wedding songs caused Noah’s flood, but he even wrote a book, The Pink Swastika, blaming gay people for the Holocaust.

The documentary is the brainchild of Janet Porter, a former talk radio host who runs the group Faith 2 Action and the social media outlet FreedomBook (formerly known as ReaganBook).

Porter once co-chaired Huckabee’s Faith and Values Coalition during his 2008 presidential campaign and the former Arkansas governor once remarked that “there are two Janet’s that I answer to: my wife Janet and Janet Porter.” Most recently, she has dedicated her time to passing an anti-choice law, known as the Heartbeat Bill, in Ohio which would criminalize abortion even before many women know they are pregnant. Several GOP leaders, including Rick Perry, Michele Bachmann and Newt Gingrich, have endorsed her bill.

Porter has built quite a reputation for claiming that President Obama is set to literally imprison, starve and murder his political opponents and that the gay rights movement will destroy freedom as we know it.

Porter’s remarks on LGBT people include:

Said that the Shepard-Byrd Hate Crime Law will make it a felony to refuse the “unwelcome advance” from a gay person, give legal protections to pedophiles and imprison pastors.

Claimed that pastors who won’t perform same-sex marriages will be “ carried off into jail ” in states with marriage equality laws.

Cited a satirical essay to claim that gay rights advocates seek “ the criminalization of Christianity .”

Worked to promote opposition to gay rights with anti-Semitic pastor Ted Pike , who believes that Jews will commit an anti-Christian genocide to seek “ world dominion .”

Blamed gay rights for Noah’s Flood in a column entitled: “How Same-Sex Marriage Points To End Of The World.”

Suggested that homosexuality is far more dangerous than cigarette smoking.

Claimed Jason Collins’ decision to come out of the closet will endanger freedom .

Criticized Disney World for allowing gay events that will “target thousands of children” by “ parading public displays of perversion .”

That’s not all, as she has also:

Predicted that Obama would personally meet with Osama bin Laden to broker a peace deal.

Warned that President Obama will use the Swine flu to “round up American citizens” and throw them in “ FEMA concentration camps .”

Repeatedly warned that Obamacare will murder conservatives and impose “ jail sentences on those who seek treatment outside the socialized health care system.”

Asserted that Obama will create food shortages to bring about mass starvation .

Asked God to stop Obama from taking office as president , warning that Obama is a Communist spy who has been plotting to destroy America since his birth.

Regularly pushed debunked conspiracy theories about President Obama’s birth certificate.

Called Hillary Clinton the “evil Queen of Slaughter,” predicting that she will throw Christians in jail if elected president.

Prayed for conservatives to take control of the government and media .

Claimed America has so far avoided God’s wrath, unlike Haiti, only because “ Haiti was dedicated to Satan .”

Blamed deadly tornadoes on legal abortion.                               0136907-fb48d42b551a715b1936c1878a258b09.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001434 00000000000 014702  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The world of the “World Wresting Entertainment” has often been an interesting point of discourse. Today, AirPlay will be diving into whether or not the WWE is an actual sport. Since the early 90s the whole world of wrestling has captivated the hearts of generations of people. There was always the discussion on whether or not the wrestlers and the whole concept of entertainment wrestling were to be considered a sport. They were always at a gray area of existence. Or you could always say that they were an existence all on their own. What Makes a Sport? If we were to base it off the traditional description of a sport: it is anything that requires physical exertion, an event where this physical exertion is celebrated, and has a sort of following. So in every sense of the description of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0136425-d588d67d96bf908e76ac71e1f389fe38.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005100 00000000000 015155  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        By JULIE MOULT

Last updated at 00:24 02 February 2008

A British teacher's trip to Africa turned to horror - when a lion leapt on her from behind and clamped its jaws round her head.

As she was dragged to the ground, Kate Drew screamed in pain as the animal's teeth sank into her.

To add to her terror, two other lions were prowling not far away, waiting to pounce.

Luckily, tour guides were nearby and they tackled the 400lb animal, wrestling it away from her and saving her from more serious injury or death.

Scroll down for more...

She was left needing 13 stitches in bite wounds - but it is thought the lion may simply have mistaken her for a playmate, because of her mane-like long blonde hair.

"I thought, 'Oh my God, I'm a goner'", said 28-year-old Miss Drew, from Hornchurch, Essex.

"I was scared enough when the lion pinned me to the ground, but when I looked up and saw the other two, I really thought I'd had it."

The primary school headmistress had been working as a volunteer teacher in Tanzania since last September and was spending a few weeks travelling across Africa on a bus with other backpackers.

As part of the trip, they visited a project where lions are bred to be released back into the wild.

Tourists are able to walk with several of the big cats which are considered tame enough to be allowed close contact with humans.

Scroll down for more...

"I was a bit apprehensive, but we were just leaving and everything seemed to have gone well until this one lion jumped at me from behind," said Miss Drew.

Her 57-year-old mother, Carole, said: "She didn't tell me about it at first, because she didn't want to worry me or her father.

"I couldn't believe it when she told me what had happened. I was pretty shocked. She had told me that she planned to go walking with these lions and I said then that I didn't think it was a very good idea.

"At the first hospital, they didn't have a doctor, so they took her to a second hospital where they stitched her up.

Scroll down for more...

"She said it was very painful - she's had the stitches out and her head is still very sore.

"They said it had never happened before. They think that because she's got long, blonde hair the lion thought she was a playmate, another lion."

Her father Colin, a 57-year-old retired oil trader added: "My first reaction was to laugh. It all sounded so unbelievable.

"It all happened so quickly, but she was very, very lucky. However, she has an adventurous nature and it won't put her off."

Miss Drew was yesterday flying out on her latest expedition - to work with disabled children in an orphanage in Peru.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0136816-a291537ed4e300156a61a3662799c7df.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014017 00000000000 014702  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Syrian Salafi scene witnessed in October the emergence of a new fighting force called Jaish al-Sham, which appears to have distanced itself from other hard-liners by embracing populist and nationalist slogans.

With the polarization of the Syrian military scene, Salafi organizations such as Ahrar al-Sham have gained power and notoriety. The militant group, which is active around the Idlib region, is also present in Hama and Daraa. According to the University of Stanford’s website, Ahrar al-Sham is perceived as a more moderate Islamist alternative to other Salafi factions.

On Oct. 16, Carnegie Endowment’s researcher Aron Lund, who is the editor of the website Syria in Crisis, published a report on a new faction that appears to have resulted from a split within Ahrar al-Sham.

“The creation of Jaish al-Sham reflects the feeling of unease experienced within Ahrar al-Sham,” Sinan Hatahet, a researcher at think tank Omran Dirasat, told Al-Monitor. Omran Dirasat, based in Istanbul, also published a report on the new faction.

Jaish al-Sham has branches in Aleppo, Idlib and Hama, and is comprised of about 5,000 fighters, although Lund believes the figure to be closer to 1,000, recruited mostly from smaller groups. “The group is expected to consolidate smaller factions,” Syrian Islamic scholar Sheikh Hassan Dgheim told Al-Monitor in a phone interview from Turkey.

Local sources said that the faction is also hoping to be endorsed by the Turkish Military Operation center. What distinguishes Jaish al-Sham from other organizations is that many of the movement’s founders are former members of Ahrar al-Sham, namely Mohammed Talal Bazerbashi (alias Abu Abderrahman al-Souri), Abu Homs Ratyan, Yamin al-Naser (alias Abu Bakr al-Deiri) and Mohamed Ayman Aboul-Tout (alias Abul-Abbas al-Shami).

Souri, a former high-ranking leader of Ahrar al-Sham who had left because of “organizational differences” in 2015, is the new military leader of Jaish al-Sham, according to Dgheim. Ratyan, who used to supervise Ahrar al-Sham’s military activity, has become Jaish al-Sham’s military leader in Aleppo, Dgheim said.

According to Lund, Naser is a former prisoner of the Sednaya military prison and one of the original founders of Ahrar al-Sham in 2011. According to Dgheim, Aboul-Tout, who played a part in the 1979-1982 Muslim Brotherhood insurrection, which took place under the mandate of former President Hafez al-Assad, is considered the Jaish al-Sham spiritual leader.

Most of these figures, explained Hatahet, have either been recently pushed to leave Ahrar al-Sham or left it out of their own volition. “We cannot really say that the Jaish al-Sham founders are more moderate than Ahrar al-Sham’s members — they just have a different political project,” he added. “Unlike Ahrar al-Sham's members, they have clearly declared they should abandon weapons when the war ends.”

The group's strategic goal is to take over Aleppo’s eastern rural areas as well as the Deir ez-Zor and Raqqa regions, according to Dgheim. In addition, they have mentioned that they will be fighting both the regime and the Islamic State, which Dgheim said has made them the first Syrian rebel movement to clearly state its enmity with the terror organization.

Jaish al-Sham has publicized its members to be all native Syrians. Lund underlines as well the group’s use of the Syrian independence flag, “which has become a widely recognized symbol of the uprising against Bashar al-Assad,” but is not used by al-Qaeda-like groups, which generally opt for a banner with the Islamic declaration of faith.

The creation of Jaish al-Sham might be indicative of widening ideological fissures inside Ahrar al-Sham and other Salafi movements. This year was marked by an ongoing rivalry between two competing currents within Ahrar al-Sham, namely between the “more moderate” movement of Labib al-Nahhas, the head of foreign political relations at Ahrar al-Sham, and the more conservative views of the military branch represented by Mohammed Abu Sadek, which is believed to be closer to Jabhat al-Nusra.

The creation of Jaish al-Sham might be also a symptom of rivalry within other groups such as Jabhat al-Nusra, with some reports mentioned by Lund pointing to the possible adherence to the group of two Jabhat al-Nusra dissidents, Abu Maria al-Qahtani and Saleh al-Hamawi.

Last June, Islamic sources interviewed in Rihaniya, Turkey, by Al-Monitor had mentioned that Qahtani increased tension with the Jabhat al-Nusra leadership, resulting from Qahtani’s pragmatism and his willingness to work with Free Syrian Army factions, and further hinted to the possible withdrawal of Qahtani from Jabhat al-Nusra.

“These rumors are nonetheless still unconfirmed in spite of the fact that the creation of Jaish al-Sham was welcomed by Qahtani,” Hatahet said.

Hatahet added that the goal of the new organization and how it will fit within the overall Syrian military scene will depend greatly on how effective they will be at raising funds and weapons and their ability to collaborate with other groups, including Ahrar al-Sham.

The new movement’s ability to act nationalistic as a transition between Salafi mujahedeen groups and more moderate rebel groups remains to be seen. Generally speaking, mujahedeen groups such as Ahrar al-Sham or Jaish al-Islam view jihad as a tool against the Assad regime and do not conform to the transnational ideal of jihad of al-Qaeda-like groups, for which jihad across the globe is the ultimate goal.

“Does Jaish al-Sham represent a complementary project to more conservative groups? And is it a reflection of a rethinking process that is occurring at the regional level?” Hatahet asked. “Their success will depend greatly on their performance,” he said.

Performance alone will not determine the fate of Jaish al-Sham. It is certain that further polarization of the Syrian conflict, due to the direct military involvement of yet another player (Russia) in what has become an international proxy war, will make the transition from hard-liners to more moderate a more challenging exercise.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0136969-f966da251f4630eb6a0aaa8412b84342.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014061 00000000000 015030  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Two Israeli businessmen - one a relative of Yitzhak Rabin's, and the other a former aide to the murdered prime minister - once visited Bill Clinton's office, at their own request, to try to interest him in some venture. The former U.S. president listened with demonstrative courtesy, went out with them to the lobby and loudly told his staff to please let him know how the two young men were progressing. He then put an arm around the shoulders of one, shook the hand of the other and escorted them to the door with great affection.

"Hurrah!" crowed the former aide as they walked to the elevator. "Clinton will help us!"

U.S. President Barack Obama addressing AIPAC on Sunday. Reuters

What are your thoughts on this issue? Follow Haaretz.com on Facebook and share your views.

"You didn't understand him," sighed his partner, more experienced in the ways of America. "He told us, 'Get out of my sight and don't waste my time.'"

U.S. President Barack Obama, no great friend of Clinton's, adopted a similar mode of address in his speech to the AIPAC conference on Sunday: He spoke American. To translate it into Hebrew would do it an injustice. No one who knows Washington and its ways could mistake the subtext of his words. A strong commitment to Israel? Assuredly. Capitulation to the dictates of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu? Not a chance.

After a speech like that, his meeting with Netanyahu on Monday is almost superfluous: It already seems clear that Obama is determined not to grant him anything.

Obama sent a complex, multifaceted message. He is a loyal friend of Israel, as evidenced by both the record of his actions over the last three years and the testimony of an eminent witness, President Shimon Peres. He is absolutely and unequivocally opposed to Iran having nuclear weapons. But he is first and foremost the U.S. president, whose commitment to do everything possible to thwart Iran's nuclear program has properly been given to the citizens of his own country - the ones who will pay the price of any war with their lives and their wallets - rather than to the impudent leader of a foreign country.

Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close

In the 1980s, Peres watched with growing frustration as the unity government he established together with Likud's Yitzhak Shamir bumped into the sharp right-wing leanings of AIPAC activists, who preferred the Shamir half of the government and embraced U.S. President Ronald Reagan's Republican administration. Peres, in an impulsive gesture, waived the appointment of his own candidate for UN ambassador, Elyakim Rubinstein, in favor of Likud's candidate, Netanyahu. And that is how, with his own two hands, he created the public and media reputation of the man who would defeat him in the prime ministerial race a decade later.

Obama's Democratic administration is not facing an Israeli unity government. But the unique status enjoyed by Peres, to whom Obama is ideologically akin, enables him to serve as a counterweight to Netanyahu.

Unlike the Israeli prime minister, who demonstratively surrounds himself with a screen of security guards provided by the Shin Bet security service, Obama looks like the supremely confident leader of a confident superpower. The cameras don't show a single security guard in his vicinity, though America has had no lack of assassinated presidents, from Lincoln to Kennedy.

Obama made do with the cover provided by one single but noteworthy guard: Peres. The praise Peres showered on Obama was a preemptive strike at Netanyahu, lest he entertain the notion of accusing Obama of indifference to Israel's fate. And Obama repaid the gesture by giving Peres the Presidential Medal of Freedom and 250 warm words. Netanyahu received only a mention of their meeting on Monday and perhaps two or three words more. And his wife, Sara, got nary a word.

This is a campaign year, as Obama noted, and he came to speak to his supporters, donors and voters. In the acronym AIPAC, which stands for American Israel Public Affairs Committee, "American" precedes "Israel." The president is the commander in chief when it comes to the Iranian issue, but the head of his party when it comes to elections.

Therefore, he opened his speech by welcoming the delegates from his hometown of Chicago (where he will also host the NATO summit in another two months ), and especially his party chairwoman, Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Translation: Netanyahu is the ally of the Republicans - those who, in Obama's words, "question my administration's support for Israel" - and Netanyahu's patron, American Jewish businessman Sheldon Adelson, seeks to anoint a Republican in my place. But I, too, understand a bit about politics.

But the game being played by Netanyahu, who openly hopes for Obama's defeat, is dangerous for Israel. It blurs the boundaries between the grand statesmanship of national security considerations and the petty politics of meddling in someone else's elections. That is what lies behind Obama's clarification of the time frame for his policy: He believes that months still remain in which to exhaust the policy of pressuring the regime in Tehran, which is the only one that can decide to abandon the nuclear weapons option. In other words, right now it would be premature and rash to make good on his promise to use military force against Iran as a last resort - especially since its rulers may well insist on rebuilding the facilities destroyed in the operation.

The news in Obama's speech was that it deliberately didn't include any news. Everything he said last night has been said in the past, by him and by other senior administration officials. There's no point in trying to bargain for just a bit more ("Give me something - at least free Jonathan Pollard, so I don't go home empty-handed"). In American, this was a message whose meaning is unmistakeable.

Read this article in Hebrew                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0136547-eed32332149bd60d3fe2b922bf3058cd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005370 00000000000 015170  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Rebel shadow ministers who defied Jeremy Corbyn and voted against triggering formal Brexit negotiations have been told they can keep their jobs in a fresh blow to his authority.

The Labour leader and his chief whip decided on Friday to let 14 frontbench rebels - 11 shadow ministers and three whips - stay in post despite saying before the vote it would be "obviously impossible" for rebels to carry on in their jobs.

It caps a difficult week for Labour with the party's MPs deeply split over Mr Corbyn's decision to impose a three-line whip to force his MPs to vote for triggering Article 50.

A total of 52 MPs voted against the EU (Notification of Withdrawal) Bill, with 17 of his shadow government defying him too.

Party rules state shadow ministers who refuse to obey a three-line whip must resign or face the sack. Four shadow cabinet ministers - Clive Lewis, Rachael Maskell, Dawn Butler and Jo Stevens - quit over the vote.

Corbyn: 'Talk of standing down is nonsense'

However, the 11 shadow ministers and three whips, whose job it is to enforce party discipline, have been told they would be allowed to stay in post.

The decision means that Tulip Siddiq, the former shadow minister for early years, resigned for nothing.

The former frontbencher, who quit her post just days before Wednesday's vote, could have joined the rebels and kept her job.

The 11 shadow ministers who voted against the Bill in its final Commons stage without quitting their jobs were Rosena Allin-Khan, Kevin Brennan, Lyn Brown, Ruth Cadbury, Rupa Huq, Chi Onwurah, Stephen Pound, Andy Slaughter, Catherine West, Alan Whitehead and Daniel Zeichner.

The whips were Thangam Debbonaire, Vicky Foxcroft and Jeff Smith.

Corbyn ally quits as MPs trigger Article 50

A Labour source told Sky News: "Jeremy Corbyn and Nick Brown met earlier today to discuss it and decided, because of the exceptional circumstances of the vote, those who rebelled would not be losing their jobs.

"They are being given a written warning on future conduct and keeping to the whip.

"It was felt that those in the shadow cabinet who took the decision on the vote were bound by collective responsibility [where they have to support the shadow government's position] to obey the whip.

"But those who were not part of the decision, but are on the frontbench, were not given the exceptional circumstances."

Labour sources also said Mr Corbyn told his rebels that if they break the whip again they will be sacked.

Mr Corbyn appeared to have a change of heart over the rebellion after the vote, amid suggestions that he might struggle to restock his frontbench if he sacked all the rebels.

The U-turn comes just days after Mr Corybn was forced to deny he was standing down as leader.

One Labour backbencher described the situation as "farcical".                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0136891-2f4bc9e29567022ceb2a31da060af17b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005775 00000000000 015171  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        OTTAWA — The Canadian Medical Association Journal says it’s time to do away with the Criminal Code’s so-called spanking law.

A strongly worded editorial in the journal Tuesday calls for the repeal of Section 43 of the Criminal Code, which gives parents and teachers a legal defence when they physically discipline children.

“It is time for Canada to remove this anachronistic excuse for poor parenting from the statute book,” editor-in-chief John Fletcher wrote in a signed editorial.

The editorial will likely reignite debate on a controversial topic that has inflamed opinion for decades.

[np-related]

The Supreme Court of Canada upheld the Criminal Code provision by a 6-3 margin in a landmark 2004 ruling.

The high court ruled that the provision did not infringe a child’s right to security of the person under the Charter of Rights and Freedoms and does not constitute cruel and unusual punishment.

Several private members’ bills to ban corporal punishment have failed in the House of Commons and Senate, most recently in 2008.

In the editorial, Fletcher argues that parents need to be educated on how to discipline their children.

He said the Criminal Code needs to be amended because it tells parents that physical punishment is an acceptable way to discipline children.

To have a specific code excusing parents is to suggest that assault by a parent is a normal and accepted part of bringing up children. It is not

“Although it is not necessary to make spanking a crime to encourage alternative approaches to parenting, Section 43 of the Criminal Code of Canada sends the wrong message, stating, ’… a parent is justified in using force by way of correction … if the force does not exceed what is reasonable under the circumstances’.”

The editorial said that police already have discretion to decide when an assault is trivial, but argued that “any bias” should be aimed at vulnerable children.

“To have a specific code excusing parents is to suggest that assault by a parent is a normal and accepted part of bringing up children. It is not. While Section 43 stands, it is a constant excuse for parents to cling to an ineffective method of child discipline when better approaches are available.”

A Library of Parliament analysis of the issue concluded that there was no national consensus on this issue.

It noted that the Supreme Court and the United Nations committee on the rights of the child have divergent views on Section 43.

The UN panel called for the removal of the section.

In 1984, the Law Reform Commission of Canada recommended the repeal of Section 43 as a defence for teachers, but said it should remain for parents, “primarily out of concern that the criminal law would otherwise unduly encroach on family life for every trivial slap or spanking,” the analysis said.

The library also found that public opinion on the topic has also been divided.

It said that a 2003 poll found 69% of Canadians favoured repealing Section 43 for teachers. But only 51% said it should be removed for parents.   0136935-be8897f58a14dcabb07fc5e8c8424bff.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000145232 00000000000 015445  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Many psychiatric illnesses are characterized by deficits in the social domain. For example, there is a high rate of co-morbidity between autism spectrum disorders and anxiety disorders. However, the common neural circuit mechanisms by which social deficits and other psychiatric disease states, such as anxiety, are co-expressed remains unclear. Here, we review optogenetic investigations of neural circuits in animal models of anxiety-related behaviors and social behaviors and discuss the important role of the amygdala in mediating aspects of these behaviors. In particular, we focus on recent evidence that projections from the basolateral amygdala (BLA) to the ventral hippocampus (vHPC) modulate anxiety-related behaviors and also alter social interaction. Understanding how this circuit influences both social behavior and anxiety may provide a mechanistic explanation for the pathogenesis of social anxiety disorder, as well as the prevalence of patients co-diagnosed with autism spectrum disorders and anxiety disorders. Furthermore, elucidating how circuits that modulate social behavior also mediate other complex emotional states will lead to a better understanding of the underlying mechanisms by which social deficits are expressed in psychiatric disease.

Social Deficits in Psychiatric Disease

Social deficits have emerged as one of the major symptoms observed in many psychiatric diseases including schizophrenia, depression, anxiety, obsessive compulsive disorder, and Fragile X (Kennedy and Adolphs, 2012; American Psychiatric Association, 2013; Derntl and Habel, 2013). In addition, some diseases, such as autism and social anxiety disorder, are primarily characterized by deficits in the social domain (Stein and Stein, 2008; Losh et al., 2009; Kennedy and Adolphs, 2012). While impairments in social function are found in a variety of psychiatric disorders (Ormel et al., 1993; Wohlfarth et al., 1993; American Psychiatric Association, 2013), the prevalence of social anxiety disorder and the high rate of co-morbidity between anxiety and autism spectrum disorders highlights the need to understand the relationship between anxiety and social behavior (De Bruin et al., 2007; Simonoff et al., 2008; Stein and Stein, 2008). As a result, in this review we focus on anxiety and its link to deficits in social behaviors. For a more extensive discussion on how social function is affected in psychiatric disease see the review by Kennedy and Adolphs (2012).

Anxiety is characterized as a heightened state of arousal and vigilance that occurs in the absence of an immediate threat (Davis et al., 2009). Although it may have evolved as an adaptive behavioral state, anxiety can become pathological when it is no longer an appropriate response to a given situation (American Psychiatric Association, 2013). Anxiety can be conceptualized as having two components, state anxiety and trait anxiety. Whereas trait anxiety refers to an individual's personality and predisposition for anxiety, state anxiety refers to the emotional response generated by a perceived threat (Spielberger et al., 1983; Endler and Kocovski, 2001). Clinically, general anxiety disorder is characterized by excessive and uncontrollable anxiety as a result of non-threatening stimuli, accompanied by defined physiological symptoms that cause serious distress or impairment that must not be caused by another psychiatric or medical disorder (Fricchione, 2004; Hoge et al., 2012; American Psychiatric Association, 2013). Although it is implicit in the diagnosis of anxiety disorders that patients likely have an increase in state and trait anxiety, this is not usually directly assessed. As a result, in this review we refrain from using those terms when discussing clinical findings.

In patients with general anxiety, social function is significantly affected and has been found to be an important cause for disability when comparing anxious patients to controls (Schonfeld et al., 1997; Kessler et al., 1999; Kroenke et al., 2007). In young adults with anxiety, these deficits may be even more detrimental because they occur during a period vital for social development (Wittchen et al., 1998). Aside from the impairments and disability in the social domain that occur with generalized anxiety, anxiety itself can be limited to social functioning—which is exemplified in social anxiety disorder. To be diagnosed with social anxiety disorder, a patient must suffer from significant distress or impairment that interferes with ordinary routine in social settings, at work or school, or during everyday activities (American Psychiatric Association, 2013). Individuals with social anxiety disorder avoid interpersonal interactions whenever possible. If they must endure one, it is with extreme emotional and physical discomfort (Schneier, 2006; Stein and Stein, 2008).

The lack of specific pharmacological treatments for neuropsychiatric diseases such as social anxiety disorder and autism points to a need for a greater understanding of the neural mechanisms that mediate social behaviors and how they are affected by anxiety-related illnesses. Current pharmacological treatment approaches for social anxiety disorder and autism spectrum disorders utilize drugs which are also used to treat other psychiatric disorders (e.g., anxiety and depression) (Gordon et al., 1993; Stein et al., 1998; Fedoroff and Taylor, 2001; Malone et al., 2002; Rodebaugh et al., 2004). In addition, treatments for autism are often ineffective at treating social pathologies (McDougle et al., 2005; but see Hollander et al., 2007; Andari et al., 2010). These data call for a better understanding of the neural correlates underlying these disorders.

Optogenetics and the Use of Animal Models to Study Psychiatric Disease

Experimental approaches in human subjects have yielded significant insights about brain regions involved in anxiety (Etkin and Wager, 2007; Ressler and Mayberg, 2007) and social behavior (Adolphs, 2003; Lieberman, 2007). However, there are considerable ethical and technological limitations to using humans as experimental subjects [Council for International Organizations of Medical Sciences, 2002; Institute of Medicine (US) Forum on Neuroscience and Nervous System, 2008]. Establishing causal relationships between specific neuropsychiatric symptoms and precise brain mechanisms requires invasive techniques that are not suitable for human subjects. In addition, the expense of drug development for psychiatric disorders dictates that drug targets are validated in more economical systems prior to being tested in humans (Frantz, 2004).

Animal models are one important means to address the limitations of human neuroscience research (Cryan and Holmes, 2005; Nestler and Hyman, 2010). Animal models enable more invasive methodologies and the application of new technologies in order to provide information about the basic mechanisms involved in driving behavior (Nestler and Hyman, 2010; Aston-Jones and Deisseroth, 2013; Cruz et al., 2013; Kim et al., 2013b). One such technology is optogenetics. Optogenetics involves the integration of light-sensitive proteins, called “opsins,” into cell membranes allowing for millisecond temporal control of cellular activity by photostimulation (Boyden et al., 2005; Fenno et al., 2011). The most commonly used light-sensitive opsins are channelrhodopsins (ChRs), halorhodopsins (NpHRs), and Archaerhodopsins (Archs) (Soliman and Trüper, 1982; Mukohata et al., 1988; Nagel et al., 2002, 2003; Zhang et al., 2007a,b). ChRs are a class of cation channels that, when exposed to blue light, cause the depolarization of neuronal membranes where opsins are expressed and results in neuronal excitability (Nagel et al., 2003; Boyden et al., 2005). In contrast, NpHRs are chloride pumps and Archs are proton pumps that, when exposed to yellow light, cause the hyperpolarization of neuronal membranes and results in subsequent inhibition (Zhang et al., 2007a,b; Chow et al., 2010; Gradinaru et al., 2010). Through various targeting strategies, optogenetics allows a high level of spatial and temporal control of specific, molecularly defined neuronal circuits (Tye and Deisseroth, 2012). Importantly, optogenetics has been successfully used to elucidate neuronal circuits involved in many complex behaviors relevant to rodent models of psychiatric disease (Nieh et al., 2013; Deisseroth, 2014).

However, whether it is possible to model psychiatric disease in animals is controversial. For instance, some diagnostic features of psychiatric diseases include terms such as sadness, guilt, delusions, and disorganized thinking (American Psychiatric Association, 2013). These symptoms are difficult to ascertain in animal models. In addition, the variability in clinical presentation of psychiatric diseases makes modeling emotional disease states in animals a challenge. Nevertheless, scientists have been able to successfully create models that recapitulate important features of various psychiatric diseases such as anxiety (Lister, 1990; Lang et al., 2000), depression (Willner, 1984; Castagné et al., 2001), and autism (Lewis et al., 2007; Ting and Feng, 2011).

Using Animal Models to Understand Anxiety and Social Behavior

Neuroscientists have made significant strides toward understanding the neural mechanisms of anxiety (Shin and Liberzon, 2009; Dias et al., 2013). Rodent models of anxiety have been a useful tool in this regard as they have been shown to have both face validity and predictive validity (Lister, 1990; Cryan and Holmes, 2005) and have led to mechanistic and potential therapeutic insights (Cryan et al., 2003; Holmes et al., 2003; Rudolph and Möhler, 2004). In order to study anxiety-like behaviors in rodents, a variety of tests and strategies have been employed. The three main strategies involve ethological or conflict-based tests, classical conditioning tests, and genetic models (Lister, 1990; Cryan and Holmes, 2005). Ethological/conflict-based tests rely on unconditioned responses based on innate behaviors while classical conditioning tests rely on learned responses to experimental conditions. Finally, genetic models rely on specific gene manipulations leading to different levels of “trait” anxiety. This has led to the discovery of a number of promising cellular mechanisms involved in anxiety-related behaviors (Kent et al., 2002; Wu et al., 2008; Johansen et al., 2011). However, it should be noted that in rodents, the tests used to assess “trait” anxiety are the same ones utilized to assess “state” anxiety [i.e., elevated plus maze (EPM), open field test (OFT)], thus it is difficult to dissociate whether genetic mouse models have truly increased trait anxiety or excessive state anxiety to the tested context (Lister, 1990; Cryan and Holmes, 2005).

Thorough explanations of the tests used to study anxiety-like behaviors in rodents have been presented in previous literature (Lister, 1990; Rodgers, 1997; Finn et al., 2003; Fuchs and Flugge, 2006; Cryan and Sweeney, 2011; Campos et al., 2013; Kumar et al., 2013). As such, we will not discuss them in detail here (For an overview of the most commonly used tests, see Table 1).

TABLE 1

Table 1. Tests used to assess anxiety as well as social behavior in rodents.

The combination of these well-established tests with recent advances in optogenetics (Fenno et al., 2011; Tye and Deisseroth, 2012; Deisseroth, 2014) has highlighted the importance of combining these established behavioral models with new technology to uncover the mechanistic basis of anxiety disorders. In fact, various groups have employed tests such as the EPM and OFT to highlight the causal role of various circuits in modulating anxiety-like behaviors in mice (Tye et al., 2011; Yizhar et al., 2011; Felix-Ortiz et al., 2013; Jennings et al., 2013; Kim et al., 2013a,c; Kheirbek et al., 2013; Anthony et al., 2014; Heydendael et al., 2014; Gunaydin et al., 2014) (see Figure 1). In these assays, the temporal precision of optogenetics is underscored by allowing for within-subject and within-session comparisons.

FIGURE 1

Figure 1. Neural circuits implicated in anxiety and social function through optogenetic investigations. The ability to selectively manipulate distinct neuronal populations and projections with high temporal resolution is a significant advantage of optogenetic approaches. Several recent studies have used optogenetic strategies to establish causal relationships between specific neuronal projections and behaviors relevant to anxiety and sociability in non-stressed animals. Abbreviations: ad, anterodorsal subdivision of the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis; aMH, anterior hypothalamic area of the medial hypothalamus; CeA, central amygdala; Crfr2, type-2 corticotropin-releasing factor receptor; BLA, basolateral amygdala; BNST, bed nucleus of the stria terminalis; DA, dopaminergic neurons; DG, dentate gyrus; Drd1a, dopamine receptor 1a; E/I, manipulation of excitatory/inhibitory balance; GABA, GABAergic neurons; GCs, granule cells; HPC, hippocampus; Hyp, hypothalamus; LH, lateral hypothalamus; LS, lateral septum; mPFC, medial prefrontal cortex; NAc, nucleus accumbens; Orx, orexin neurons; ov, oval nucleus of the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis; pLH, posterior lateral hypothalamus; vBNST, ventral subdivision of the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis; vDG, ventral dentate gyrus; vHPC, ventral hippocampus; VTA, ventral tegmental area. (For review of optogenetic investigations into the neural circuitry involved in aggression and sexual behavior, we refer readers to Anderson, 2012).

Just as in anxiety, animal models have also been a useful tool for scientific inquiry into the brain regions, connections, and signaling involved in social function (Cacioppo, 2002; Insel and Fernald, 2004; Crawley, 2007; Adolphs, 2009; Silverman et al., 2010). Many animals are known to display a wide array of social behaviors that can be assayed in a laboratory setting (Hau et al., 2002). For example, Caenorhabditis elegans and Drosophila melanogaster have been successfully used to study the genetic basis of social behaviors such as aggregation, mating, and aggression (Antony and Jallon, 1982; Liu and Sternberg, 1995; Lee and Hall, 2000; Srinivasan et al., 2008; Macosko et al., 2009). For a synopsis of insights provided by the rich genetic toolkits of these model organisms, refer to the review by Sokolowski (2010).

Various studies have utilized the social behaviors found in rodents to find neural substrates of innate behaviors like aggression and mating (Choi et al., 2005; Lin et al., 2011; Anderson, 2012). Others have made strides in understanding the basis of behaviors such as emotional contagion, empathic responses, and observational learning in rodents (Jeon et al., 2010; Atsak et al., 2011; Bartal et al., 2011). Social behavior has also been studied extensively in non-human primates (Brown and Schafer, 1888; De Waal and Suchak, 2010). Primates exhibit a very complex set of social behaviors including the formation of long-term alliances and “friendships” that lead to social interactions and hierarchies that closely resemble human social structures (Cheney et al., 1986; Whiten et al., 1999; Adolphs, 2009).

Another important animal model for studying social behavior is the prairie vole. Prairie voles maintain long-term social attachments after mating, known as a pair bond (Getz et al., 1981; Carter et al., 1995; Wang and Aragona, 2004; Young and Wang, 2004) and thus serve as an appropriate analog to the type of social bonds observed in humans (Cacioppo, 2002; Insel and Fernald, 2004; Adolphs, 2009). To date, anatomical and pharmacological techniques have been used in combination with behavioral assays of pair bonding in prairie voles to reveal the importance of oxytocin, vasopressin, dopamine, and opioids in selective social attachment (Insel and Hulihan, 1995; Cho et al., 1999; Aragona et al., 2003, 2006; Resendez et al., 2012).

Just as with anxiety, optogenetics offers a great opportunity to begin elucidating the circuits involved in social behavior. Various optogenetic manipulations have provided recent evidence about the neural basis for a number of different rodent social behaviors (Gunaydin et al., 2014; Reviewed by Anderson, 2012; Yizhar, 2012) and application of optogenetic approaches to models such as the prairie vole holds great promise for future insight into the neurobiology of social attachments and behavior.

Experimental/Behavioral Evidence of a Correlation Between General Anxiety and Social Dysfunction

From clinical data, there seems to be a significant link between anxiety and impaired social interaction. Considering the body of experimental evidence on anxiety and social interaction, there is compelling evidence to support a correlation between anxiety and impaired social interaction [Although there is a wide range of social animal behavior, here we focus on non-aggressive, non-sexual, reciprocal social interaction (For overview see Table 1)]. This relationship may provide clues for understanding the mechanism by which co-expression of anxiety and social deficits arise.

Human studies have shown that anxiety disorders are common in individuals with autism. For example, in a side-by-side comparison, children with high-functioning autism have higher levels of reported anxiety than controls without autism (Muris et al., 1998; Gillott et al., 2001; MacNeil et al., 2009; White et al., 2009). Likewise, youth with anxiety disorders have higher scores on the autism spectrum disorder symptom scale than healthy controls (Pine et al., 2008). In patients with Williams Syndrome, social dysfunction increases as anxiety levels increase (Riby, 2013). Further, pharmacological studies have shown that benzodiazepines, commonly prescribed for generalized anxiety, have also been used as treatments for social anxiety disorder (Davidson et al., 1993; Jefferson, 2001; Schneier, 2006). Additionally, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), which increase serotonin concentration, have been shown to have enhancing effects on complex social behaviors (Knutson et al., 1998; Harmer, 2002) and have been used for treating general anxiety disorder as well as social anxiety disorder (Stein et al., 1998; Van der Linden et al., 2000; Rickels et al., 2003). Lastly, oxytocin, a neuropeptide well-known for its role in enhancing social function (Domes et al., 2007; Guastella et al., 2008; Meyer-Lindenberg et al., 2011), also carries anxiolytic properties (Labuschagne et al., 2010; Missig et al., 2010). These studies suggest there may be some common neural mechanisms underlying anxiety and social behavior in humans.

Animal studies also support the same relationship between anxiety and impaired social function. Early rodent studies showed that anxiolytics prevent decreases in social interaction that occur when animals are placed in anxiogenic environments (i.e., novel environments, bright light) (File et al., 1976; File and Hyde, 1978; File and Seth, 2003). Further, various autistic mouse models exhibit both pronounced deficits in sociability as well as enhanced anxiety-like behaviors (Nakatani et al., 2009; Silverman et al., 2010; Peça et al., 2011). In line with human literature, serotonin activity in rodents mediates social behaviors such as aggression and social reward (Saudou et al., 1994; Dölen et al., 2013), while reduced serotonin signaling increases anxiety (Heisler et al., 1998; Ramboz et al., 1998; Gross et al., 2002; Akimova et al., 2009). Lastly, oxytocin appears to facilitate social behaviors (Donaldson and Young, 2008; Insel, 2010; Lukas et al., 2011; Meyer-Lindenberg et al., 2011) and attenuate anxiety-related behaviors in rodents (Amico et al., 2004; Insel, 2010; Viviani et al., 2011; Knobloch et al., 2012) (See Table 2 for summary). These studies further demonstrate that anxiety and social function are intimately linked and suggest that pathologies in the respective domains may share a common neural mechanism.

TABLE 2

Table 2. Human and animal data supports a correlation between social dysfunction and anxiety.

Although there is evidence that increased anxiety is correlated with deficits in social function, there are several caveats. For example, in Williams syndrome, there is a tendency to engage in “pro-social,” friendly behavior despite these patients exhibiting increased anxiety (Porter et al., 2009; Stinton et al., 2010; Riby et al., 2013). This finding may be explained by observations that although patients afflicted with Williams syndrome appear to be highly social, they often have abnormal social cognition that can lead to serious deficits in appropriate social interaction (Bellugi et al., 2000; Meyer-Lindenberg et al., 2005; Riby et al., 2013). Another finding at odds with the trend discussed above is that the neuropeptide vasopressin, well-known for its positive influence on social behavior, has also been shown to be anxiogenic in both humans and rodents (Bielsky et al., 2004; Thompson et al., 2006; Bosch and Neumann, 2008; Donaldson and Young, 2008; Simon et al., 2008; Tobin et al., 2010; Neumann and Landgraf, 2012). Lastly, some autistic mouse models contain deficits in social interaction but show no changes in anxiety-like behaviors (McFarlane et al., 2008; Liu and Smith, 2009). These are a few examples that highlight the fact that although anxiety and social dysfunction are often co-expressed, there are exceptions. Importantly, the expression of behaviors relevant to anxiety and social interaction encompasses a wide array of behaviors. Therefore, it is possible that certain subsets of these behaviors share the same neural machinery, while others may not.

The Amygdala and Its Role in Anxiety and Social Behavior

We can begin to understand the connection between anxiety and social behavior by identifying neural substrates that mediate both behaviors. The amygdala is one such region. Initial work elucidating the amygdala's role in fear and anxiety was the observation that bilateral destruction of the amygdala results in attenuated fear (Klüver and Bucy, 1939). Since then, human studies have consistently shown that the amygdala is involved in processing emotional faces, particularly those involving fearful or threatening expressions (Adolphs et al., 1994; Morris et al., 1996; Rauch et al., 2003; Etkin et al., 2004). It has also been shown that patients suffering from anxiety show enhanced amygdala activation to emotional face stimuli when compared to controls and that the degree of activation correlates with the severity of their pathology (Etkin and Wager, 2007; Stein et al., 2007). Further, high anxiety has been shown to be associated with increased amygdala volume and connectivity (Qin et al., 2014). Animal models have also been used to show the role of the amygdala in anxiety-related behaviors (Davis, 1992; Roozendaal et al., 2009). Concordant with human data, amygdala lesions in animals reduce anxiety-related behaviors (Amaral, 2002; Kalin et al., 2004). Lastly, recent optogenetic manipulations of the amygdala were shown to have an acute effect on anxiety-related behaviors (Tye et al., 2011; Felix-Ortiz et al., 2013; Kim et al., 2013a).

Along with its role in anxiety, the amygdala's role in social behavior has also been well-established (Brown and Schafer, 1888; Klüver and Bucy, 1937; Jonason and Enloe, 1971; Kling and Steklis, 1976; Amaral et al., 2003; Adolphs, 2010). Diseases such as autism, Urbach-Wiethe disease, Kluver-Bucy syndrome, and Williams syndrome have provided clues regarding the involvement of the amygdala in social behavior as amygdala damage or dysfunction appears to precipitate aberrant sociality in these diseases (Baron-Cohen et al., 2000; Meyer-Lindenberg et al., 2005; Todd and Anderson, 2009; Adolphs, 2010; Haas et al., 2010). In support of the notion that the amygdala plays a role in social functioning, it has also been found that higher amygdala volume and stronger intrinsic connectivity is correlated with having a larger, more complex social network (Bickart et al., 2011, 2012). In animals, amygdala lesions also result in changes in social behavior (Rosvold et al., 1954; Emery et al., 2001; Amaral et al., 2003; Machado and Bachevalier, 2006; Machado et al., 2008; Adolphs, 2010; Bliss-Moreau et al., 2013). These studies strongly suggest that amygdala circuitry may be involved in mediating aspects of anxiety and social function and that pathology in these domains may arise from a common, aberrant pathway involving the amygdala.

Optogenetic Investigation of the Amygdala and Hippocampus

The amygdala is composed of functionally and anatomically distinct subnuclei that include the basolateral amygdala (BLA) and the central amygdala (CeA) (McDonald, 1982a,b; Pape and Pare, 2010). The CeA can be further subdivided into medial (CeM) and lateral (CeL) subnuclei (McDonald, 1982a,b; Sah et al., 2003). Selective manipulation of these various subnuclei using optogenetics has revealed that specific regions have distinct roles in controlling behavior (Ciocchi et al., 2010; Haubensak et al., 2010). For example, Ciocchi and colleagues demonstrated that CeM activation as well as CeL inhibition caused unconditioned freezing, an innate behavioral fear response in rodents (Ciocchi et al., 2010). Amygdala subnuclei not only have distinct functions, they are also intricately connected. The BLA is glutamatergic and sends projections to the CeA, a GABAergic nucleus (Paré and Smith, 1993; Pape and Pare, 2010). Within the CeA, the CeL sends inhibitory projections to the main output nucleus of the amygdala, the CeM (Krettek and Price, 1978). Optogenetics allows for projection-specific manipulations (Stuber et al., 2011; Tye et al., 2011; Tye and Deisseroth, 2012) and because of this technological advantage, researchers are able to examine the distinct role of specific circuits in governing different aspects of behavior. For example, Tye and colleagues showed that the BLA-CeL projections bidirectionally control anxiety-related behaviors (Tye et al., 2011). Interestingly, manipulations of this specific circuit had the opposite effect to manipulations of the BLA as a whole (Tye et al., 2011). This study established the importance of using optogenetics to dissect the functional roles of specific projections.

The amygdala is connected to a number of downstream and upstream regions that may be candidates for circuitry involved in anxiety and social behavior (Davis, 1992; McDonald, 1998; Fendt and Fanselow, 1999; Davidson, 2002). One region of interest is the ventral hippocampus (vHPC) due to its robust and reciprocal connections with the amygdala (O'Donnell and Grace, 1995; Pikkarainen et al., 1999; Chen and Etkin, 2013) and its involvement in both anxiety and social behavior. In humans, the hippocampus and amygdala have been shown to be dependent on one another during the encoding of emotional memories (Richardson et al., 2004). Further, amygdala:hippocampal volume ratio corresponds to the severity of anxiety observed in some patients (MacMillan et al., 2003). In addition to these clues in the human literature, previous work in rodents has shown that the vHPC is important for the expression of fear- and anxiety-related behaviors (Kjelstrup et al., 2002; Bannerman et al., 2004; Kheirbek et al., 2013). Along with its role in anxiety, the vHPC is also involved in social behaviors. In non-human primates, hippocampal lesions lead to abnormal responses to social signals and degradation of social bonds (Machado and Bachevalier, 2006). Experiments using social interaction paradigms in rodents also provided evidence that the vHPC is involved in social behavior (Cadogan et al., 1994; Deacon et al., 2002; McHugh et al., 2004).

The BLA-vHPC Circuit Facilitates Anxiety-Related Behaviors and Impairs Social Interaction

Taken together, the studies discussed above strongly suggest that the amygdala and the vHPC are both involved in mediating anxiety-related behaviors; however, the contribution of the specific connection between these two regions has been poorly understood. As demonstrated by the optogenetic manipulation of specific projections from the amygdala (Tye et al., 2011), specific projections from a brain region may encode information that cannot be gleaned from non-specific activation or inhibition of an entire brain region. Given that the non-specific activation of the BLA was anxiogenic while activation of BLA-CeL was anxiolytic, one possible explanation was that the majority of BLA neurons projected to other regions and mediated an anxiogenic phenotype. Indeed, the BLA projects to many other regions implicated in anxiety, including the medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC), bed nucleus of the stria terminalis (BNST) and the vHPC (Bishop, 2007; Etkin and Wager, 2007; Kim et al., 2013a).

To study the BLA-vHPC circuit, light-sensitive opsins were expressed in glutamatergic BLA projection neurons and an optical fiber was positioned above BLA axon terminals within the vHPC for precise illumination. In line with hypotheses that posit amygdala hyperactivity underlies anxiety (Anagnostaras et al., 1999; Drevets, 2003; Kalin and Sheltona, 2003; Carter and Krug, 2009), in vivo phasic light activation of ChR2-expressing BLA terminals within the vHPC transiently and significantly increased anxiety-related behaviors in the OFT, EPM, and novelty-suppressed feeding paradigm (Figure 2). These light-evoked anxiogenic effects were prevented by intra-vHPC glutamate antagonism, demonstrating that excitatory projections from the BLA to the vHPC are sufficient to mediate anxiety. Conversely, in vivo light inhibition of BLA axons in the vHPC reduced anxiety-related behaviors in the OFT and EPM (Figure 2) (Felix-Ortiz et al., 2013). Therefore, this study identified the BLA-vHPC as a circuit that bidirectionally governs anxiety-related behaviors in a manner opposite to that of the BLA-CeL circuit (Tye et al., 2011). Together, these data show that BLA projections to different downstream targets can have opposing roles in modulating anxiety-related behavior.

FIGURE 2

Figure 2. Projections from the BLA to the vHPC bidirectionally modulate anxiety-related behaviors as well as social interaction. To perform all of the following experiments, channelrhodopsin-2 or an enhanced version of halorhodopsin was injected into the basolateral amygdala (BLA) and an optical fiber was placed above the ventral hippocampus (vHPC). This allowed selective optogenetic manipulation of BLA projections to the vHPC. (A) In the open field test, decreased time spent in the center was measured as a proxy for increased anxiety. Excitation of BLA-vHPC projections lead to an increase in anxiety-related behaviors while inhibition of BLA-vHPC projections lead to a decrease in anxiety-related behaviors. (B) In the elevated plus maze, decreased time in the open arms was measured as a proxy for increased anxiety. Excitation of BLA-vHPC projections lead to an increase in anxiety-related behaviors while inhibition of BLA-vHPC projections lead to a decrease in anxiety-related behaviors. (C) The resident intruder test was used to measure social interaction. The overall score of social interaction included body sniffing, anogenital sniffing, direct contact, and close following (<1 cm). Activation of BLA-vHPC projections led to a decrease in social interaction while inhibition of BLA-vHPC projections led to an increase in social interaction. (D) The three-chamber test was used as a test for sociability. Time spent in the social zone was measured as proxy for sociability. Activation of BLA-vHPC projections lead to a decrease in time spent in the social zone. (A–D) These experiments demonstrate that anxiety and social interaction can be modulated at the level of the neural circuit. Additionally activation of BLA-vHPC projections leads to increases in anxiety-related behaviors as well as decreases in social interaction while inhibition of the same circuit causes a decrease in anxiety-related behaviors as well as an increase in social interaction. Data are mean values and error bars represent SEM. For the Open Field Test and Elevated Plus Maze, the light-off epochs were pooled and averaged (One Way ANOVA with Bonferroni post test, *p < 0.01). For the Resident Intruder Test and the Three-Chamber Test statistics described in Felix-Ortiz and Tye (2014) (*p < 0.05).

The evidence that anxiety is correlated with deficits in social interaction and that both the amygdala and hippocampus appear to be involved in both processes, prompted investigation into the role of the BLA-vHPC circuit in social behavior. Using the approach described above to target BLA terminals in the vHPC, the effects of BLA-vHPC manipulations on rodent sociability were tested during two behavioral paradigms: the juvenile-intruder test and the three-chamber sociability test. Inhibition of BLA-vHPC projections increased sociability in these two paradigms, while excitation of this pathway decreased sociability (Figure 2) (Felix-Ortiz and Tye, 2014). Just as in the previous study, intra-vHPC glutamate receptor antagonism attenuated the effects of optogenetic stimulation demonstrating that glutamatergic transmission from the BLA to the vHPC was critical for mediating the light-induced changes in social behavior. This study provides evidence that although complex social behaviors likely involve a distributed neural network across multiple brain regions (File and Seth, 2003), social interaction can still be modulated by manipulations of a single circuit element.

Combined, these two studies reveal that the BLA-vHPC circuit can control anxiety and social interaction in the same manner that would be predicted by the animal and human literature discussed throughout this review. This demonstrates that anxiety and social behaviors can be mechanistically linked at the level of the neural circuit. These studies also provide evidence that the co-morbidity of anxiety disorders and autism spectrum disorders (Gillott et al., 2001; Pine et al., 2008; MacNeil et al., 2009) may, in part, be caused by dysfunction of circuits that mediate both anxiety and social behavior.

Conclusion

The above-mentioned studies provide the first evidence that a common circuit can link both social behavior and anxiety. Interestingly, these studies also provide evidence that manipulation of a single population of synapses can effectively change social behavior, which is likely dependent on multiple circuits acting in concert (Baron-Cohen et al., 2000; File and Seth, 2003; Bachevalier and Loveland, 2006; Rushworth et al., 2013). Perhaps the manipulation of BLA-vHPC drives multiple downstream circuits modulating these complex behaviors, or otherwise alters the transmission in a corticolimbic loop that maintains behavioral states. It remains unclear from these studies whether the observed changes in social behavior seen after optogenetic manipulations of BLA-vHPC are due to direct control of social behavior or are secondary to the changes in the state of anxiety.

The fact that social deficits and general anxiety do not always co-occur suggests that the mechanism underlying these two forms of behavior are dissociable (Gonzalez et al., 1996; Schneier, 2006; Liu and Smith, 2009; Toth et al., 2012). It is possible that the difference between the variable social deficits seen in general anxiety and the socially-specific anxiety seen in social anxiety disorder arises from differences in functional connectivity between circuits governing both behaviors. Lastly, the high co-morbidity of anxiety disorders with autism spectrum disorders suggests that these diseases may share common pathological mechanisms (De Bruin et al., 2007; Simonoff et al., 2008). There are mouse models of autism that show co-expression of social deficits and general anxiety-related behaviors, while other models show social deficits without changes in general anxiety-related behaviors (Moy et al., 2008). Elucidating the circuit differences between various models may provide insight as to why some autistic patients have co-morbid anxiety disorders while others do not.

Future studies should aim to differentiate between non-overlapping circuits by identifying specific circuit elements wherein manipulation causes changes in either social behavior assays or anxiety-related behaviors without altering the other. Toward this end, optogenetically stimulating molecularly defined neurons within specific circuits could further elucidate where the separation and overlap lies between circuits controlling social behavior and anxiety. An example of this was seen in recent work which provided evidence that dopaminergic projections from the ventral tegmental area to the nucleus accumbens modulates social behavior, while dopaminergic projections to the mPFC modulates anxiety with no effect on social behavior (Gunaydin et al., 2014). Indeed, using optogenetics to clarify how circuits governing social behaviors interact with circuits governing other complex behaviors will likely provide insight about the mechanism by which social function is impaired in a wide array of psychiatric diseases.

Conflict of Interest Statement

The authors declare that the research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest.

Acknowledgments

We thank Ada C. Felix-Ortiz for thoughtful comments on this manuscript as well as for the use of illustrations. We thank the BCS department and the Picower Institute for support, as well as funding to Kay M. Tye from the PIIF Funds from the JPB Foundation, Whitehall Foundation, Klingenstein Foundation, Whitehead Career Development Professorship, NARSAD Young Investigator Award, Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, NIH New Innovator Award (DP2-DK-102256-01), and NIMH (R01-MH102441-01). We would also like to thank the BCS department for funding support through the Jeffrey (′76) And Nancy Halis Fellowship and the Henry E Singleton (1940) Fund (Stephen A. Allsop) in addition to the NIGMS T32(GM007484) (Caitlin M. Vander Weele). Lastly, we would also like to thank the NWO Rubicon Program and Simons Center for the Social Brain for funding support (Romy Wichmann).

References

American Psychiatric Association. (2013). Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th Edn. Arlington, VA: American Psychiatric Publishing.

Antony, C., and Jallon, J. (1982). The chemical basis for sex recognition in drosophila melanogaster. J. Insect Physiol. 28, 873–880. doi: 10.1016/0022-1910(82)90101-9 CrossRef Full Text

Broekkamp, C. L., Rijk, H. W., Joly-Gelouin, D., and Lloyd, K. L. (1986). Major tranquillizers can be distinguished from minor tranquillizers on the basis of effects on marble burying and swim-induced grooming in mice. Eur. J. Pharmacol. 126, 223–229. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Brown, S., and Schafer, E. A. (1888). An investigation into the functions of the occipital and temporal lobes of the monkey's brain. Philos. Trans. R. Soc. Lond. B 179, 303–327. doi: 10.1098/rstb.1888.0011 CrossRef Full Text

Cadogan, A. K., Kendall, D. A., Fink, H., and Marsden, C. A. (1994). Social interaction increases 5-ht release and camp efflux in the rat ventral hippocampus in vivo. Behav. Pharmacol. 5, 299–305. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Carter, M. D. C., and Krug, B. S. M. (2009). The functional neuroanatomy of dread: functional magnetic resonance imaging insights into generalized anxiety disorder and its treatment. Am. J. Psychiatry 166, 263–265. doi: 10.1176/appi.ajp.2008.08081833 Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text | CrossRef Full Text

Castagné, V., Moser, P., Roux, S., and Porsolt, R. D. (2001). “Rodent models of depression: forced swim and tail suspension behavioral despair tests in rats and mice,” in Current Protocols in Neuroscience. Vol. 55 (John Wiley & Sons, Inc), 8.10A.1–8.10A.14 Available online at: http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/0471142301.ns0810as55/abstract

Cho, M. M., DeVries, A. C., Williams, J. R., and Carter, C. S. (1999). The effects of oxytocin and vasopressin on partner preferences in male and female prairie voles (Microtus Ochrogaster). Behav. Neurosci. 113, 1071–1079. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Council for International Organizations of Medical Sciences. (2002). International ethical guidelines for biomedical research involving human subjects. Bull. Med. Ethics 182, 17–23. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Davidson, J. R., Potts, N., Richichi, E., Krishnan, R., Ford, S. M., Smith, R., et al. (1993). Treatment of social phobia with clonazepam and placebo. J. Clin. Psychopharmacol. 13, 423–428. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Davis, M., Walker, D. L., Miles, L., and Grillon, C. (2009). Phasic vs sustained fear in rats and humans: role of the extended amygdala in fear vs anxiety. Neuropsychopharmacology 35, 105–135. doi: 10.1038/npp.2009.109 Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text | CrossRef Full Text

Derntl, B., and Habel, U. (2013). Deficits in Social Cognition: A Marker for Psychiatric Disorders? Springer. Available online at: http://link.springer.com.ezp-prod1.hul.harvard.edu/article/10.1007%2Fs00406-011-0244-0/fulltext.html (Accessed December 31).

Emery, N. J., Capitanio, J. P., Mason, W. A., Machado, C. J., Mendoza, S. P., and Amaral, D. G. (2001). The effects of bilateral lesions of the amygdala on dyadic social interactions in rhesus monkeys (Macaca Mulatta). Behav. Neurosci. 115, 515–544. doi: 10.1037/0735-7044.115.3.515 Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text | CrossRef Full Text

Etkin, A., Klemenhagen, K. C., Dudman, J. T., Rogan, M. T., Hen, R., Kandel, E. R., et al. (2004). Individual differences in trait anxiety predict the response of the basolateral amygdala to unconsciously processed fearful faces. Neuron 44, 1043–1055. doi: 10.1016/j.neuron.2004.12.006 Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text | CrossRef Full Text

File, S. E., Hyde, J., and Pool, M. (1976). Effects of ethanol and chlordiazepoxide on social interaction in rats [proceedings]. Br. J. Pharmacol. 58, 465P. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

File, S. E., and Hyde, J. R. (1978). Can social interaction be used to measure anxiety? Br. J. Pharmacol. 62, 19–24. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Fuchs, E., and Flugge, G. (2006). Experimental animal models for the simulation of depression and anxiety. Dialogues Clin. Neurosci. 8, 323–333. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Gardner, C. R. (1985). Distress vocalization in rat pups. A simple screening method for anxiolytic drugs. J. Pharmacol. Methods 14, 181–187. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Getz, L. L., Carter, S. C., and Gavish, L. (1981). The mating system of the prairie vole, microtus ochrogaster: field and laboratory evidence for pair-bonding. Behav. Ecol. Sociobiol. 8, 189–194. doi: 10.1007/BF00299829 CrossRef Full Text

Gonzalez, L. E., Andrews, N., and File, S. E. (1996). 5-HT1A and benzodiazepine receptors in the basolateral amygdala modulate anxiety in the social interaction test, but not in the elevated plus-maze. Brain Res. 732, 145–53. doi: 10.1016/0006-8993(96)00517-3 Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text | CrossRef Full Text

Hall, C., and Ballachey, E. L. (1932). A Study of the rat's behavior in a field. a contribution to method in comparative psychology. Univ. Calif. Publ. Psychol. 6, 1–12.

Hau, J., Schapiro, S. J., and Van Hoosier, G. L. Jr. (2002). Handbook of Laboratory Animal Science, 2nd Edn. Animal Models. Boca Raton, Fl: CRC Press.

Heisler, L. K., Chu, H.-M., Brennan, T. J., Danao, J. A., Bajwa, P., Parsons, L. H., et al. (1998). Elevated anxiety and antidepressant-like responses in serotonin 5-ht1a receptor mutant mice. Proc. Nat.l Acad. Sci. U.S.A. 95, 15049–15054. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Institute of Medicine (US) Forum on Neuroscience and Nervous System. (2008). Challenges and Technical Limitations. Text. Available online at: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK50998/

Jefferson, J. W. (2001). Benzodiazepines and anticonvulsants for social phobia (social Anxiety Disorder). J. Clin. Psychiatry 62(Suppl. 1), 50–53. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Kalin, N. H., Shelton, S. E., and Davidson, R. J. (2004). The role of the central nucleus of the amygdala in mediating fear and anxiety in the primate. J. Neurosci 24, 5506–5515. doi: 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.0292-04.2004 Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text | CrossRef Full Text

Kessler, R. C., DuPont, R. L., Berglund, P., and Wittchen, H. U. (1999). Impairment in pure and comorbid generalized anxiety disorder and major depression at 12 months in two national surveys. Am. J. Psychiatry 156, 1915–1923. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Klüver, H., and Bucy, P. C. (1937). ‘Psychic Blindness’ and other symptoms following bilateral temporal lobectomy in rhesus monkeys. Am. J. Physiol. 119, 352–353.

Klüver, H, and Bucy, P. C. (1939). Preliminary analysis of functions of the temporal lobes in monkeys. Arch. Neurol. Psychiatry 42, 979–1000. doi: 10.1001/archneurpsyc.1939.02270240017001 CrossRef Full Text

Knutson, B., Wolkowitz, O. M., Cole, S. W., Chan, T., Moore, E. A., Johnson, R. C., et al. (1998). Selective alteration of personality and social behavior by serotonergic intervention. Am. J. Psychiatry 155, 373–379. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Krettek, J. E., and Price, J. L. (1978). Amygdaloid projections to subcortical structures within the basal forebrain and brainstem in the rat and cat. J. Comp. Neurol. 178, 225–253. doi: 10.1002/cne.901780204 Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text | CrossRef Full Text

Lee, G., and Hall, J. C. (2000). A newly uncovered phenotype associated with the fruitless gene of drosophila melanogaster: aggression-like head interactions between mutant males. Behav. Genet. 30, 263–275. doi: 10.1023/A:1026541215546 Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text | CrossRef Full Text

Machado, C. J., and Bachevalier, J. (2006). The impact of selective amygdala, orbital frontal cortex, or hippocampal formation lesions on established social relationships in rhesus monkeys (Macaca mulatta). Behav. Neurosci. 120, 761–786. doi: 10.1037/0735-7044.120.4.761 Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text | CrossRef Full Text

Machado, C. J., Emery, N. J., Capitanio, J. P., Mason, W. A., Mendoza, S. P., and Amaral, D. G. (2008). Bilateral neurotoxic amygdala lesions in rhesus monkeys (Macaca mulatta): consistent pattern of behavior across different social contexts. Behav. Neurosci. 122, 251–266. doi: 10.1037/0735-7044.122.2.251 Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text | CrossRef Full Text

MacNeil, B. M., Lopes, V. A., and Minnes, P. M. (2009). Anxiety in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorders. Res. Autism Spectr. Disord. 3, 1–21. doi: 10.1016/j.rasd.2008.06.001 CrossRef Full Text

McDougle, C. J., Scahill, L., Aman, M. G., McCracken, J. T., Tierney, E., Davies, M., et al. (2005). Risperidone for the core symptom domains of autism: results from the study by the autism network of the research units on pediatric psychopharmacology. Am. J. Psychiatry 162, 1142–1148. doi: 10.1176/appi.ajp.162.6.1142 Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text | CrossRef Full Text

Moy, S. S., Nadler, J. J., Perez, A., Barbaro, R. P., Johns, J. M., Magnuson,. T. R., et al. (2004). Sociability and preference for social novelty in five inbred strains: an approach to assess autistic-like behavior in mice. Genes Brain Behav. 3, 287–302. doi: 10.1111/j.1601-1848.2004.00076.x Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text | CrossRef Full Text

O'Donnell, P., and Grace, A. A. (1995). Synaptic interactions among excitatory afferents to nucleus accumbens neurons: hippocampal gating of prefrontal cortical input. J. Neurosci. 15, 3622–3639 Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Ormel, J, Von Korff, M., Van den Brink, W., Katon, W., Brilman, E., and Oldehinkel, T. (1993). Depression, anxiety, and social disability show synchrony of change in primary care patients. Am. J. Public Health 83, 385–390. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Pellow, S., Chopin, P., File, S. E., and Briley, M. (1985). Validation of open:closed arm entries in an elevated plus-maze as a measure of anxiety in the rat. J. Neurosci. Methods 14, 149–167. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Pikkarainen, M., Rönkkö, S., Savander, V., Insausti, R., and Pitkänen, A. (1999). Projections from the lateral, basal, and accessory basal nuclei of the amygdala to the hippocampal formation in rat. J. Comp. Neurol. 403, 229–260. doi: 10.1002/(SICI)1096-9861(19990111)403:2<229::AID-CNE7>3.0.CO;2-P Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text | CrossRef Full Text

Pinel, J. P. J., and Treit, D. (1983). “The conditioned defensive burying paradigm and behavioral neuroscience,” in Behavioral Approaches to Brain Research, ed T. E. Robinson (New York, NY: Oxford University Press), 212–234.

Reynolds, H. H. (1963). Effect of rearing and habitation in social isolation on performance of an escape task. J. Comp. Physiol. Psychol. 56, 520–25. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Riby, D. M. (2013). The Interplay Between Anxiety and Social Functioning in Williams Syndrome. Springer. Available online at: http://link.springer.com.ezp-prod1.hul.harvard.edu/article/10.1007%2Fs10803-013-1984-7/fulltext.html (Accessed December 31).

Rosvold, H. E., Mirsky, A. F., and Pribam, K. H. (1954). Influence of amygdalectomy on social behavior in monkeys. J.Comp. Physiol. Psychol. 47, 173–178. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Rudolph, U., and Möhler, H. (2004). Analysis of gabaa receptor function and dissection of the pharmacology of benzodiazepines and general anesthetics through mouse genetics. Annu. Rev. Pharmacol. Toxicol. 44, 475–498. doi: 10.1146/annurev.pharmtox.44.101802.121429 Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text | CrossRef Full Text

Saudou, F., Amara, D. A., Dierich, A., LeMeur, M., Ramboz, S., Segu, L., et al. (1994). Enhanced aggressive behavior in mice lacking 5-HT1B receptor. Science 265, 1875–78. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Schonfeld, W. H., Verboncoeur, C. J., Fifer, S. K., Lipschutz, R. C., Lubeck, D. P., and Buesching, D. P. (1997). The functioning and well-being of patients with unrecognized anxiety disorders and major depressive disorder. J. Affect. Disord. 43, 105–119. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Shepherd, J. K., Grewal, S. S., Fletcher, A., Bill, D. J., and Dourish, C. T. (1994). Behavioural and pharmacological characterisation of the elevated ‘zero-maze’ as an animal model of anxiety. Psychopharmacology 116, 56–64. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Simiand, J., Keane, P. E., and Morre, M. (1984). The staircase test in mice: a simple and efficient procedure for primary screening of anxiolytic agents. Psychopharmacology 84, 48–53. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text

Soliman, G. S. H., and Trüper, H. G. (1982). Halobacterium pharaonis Sp. Nov., a new, extremely haloalkaliphilic archaebacterium with low magnesium requirement. Zentralblatt Für Bakteriologie Mikrobiologie Und Hygiene: I. Abt. Originale C: Allgemeine, Angewandte Und Ökologische Mikrobiologie 3, 318–329. doi: 10.1016/S0721-9571(82)80045-8 CrossRef Full Text

Spielberger, C. D., Gorsuch, R. L., Lushene, R., Vagg, P. R., and Jacobs, G. A. (1983). Manual for the State-Trait Anxiety Inventory. Palo Alto, CA: Consulting Psychologists Press.

Van der Linden, G. J., Stein, D. J., and van Balkom, A. J. (2000). The efficacy of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors for social anxiety disorder (social phobia): a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials. Int. Clin. Psychopharmacol. 15(Suppl. 2), S15–S23. Pubmed Abstract | Pubmed Full Text                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136802-76ae18590b995b66bdcc13dc94dc3cfa.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002641 00000000000 015342  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Donald Trump and Theresa May. Reuters

LONDON — The UK government has put on hold plans to welcome US President Donald Trump to the UK for at least the next two years, it was confirmed on Wednesday.

The US president was originally scheduled to visit Britain this summer, but he postponed his trip until the autumn following huge public protests across the country.

The visit has now been dropped for the foreseeable future, however, with Prime Minister Theresa May omitting it in her Queen's Speech, which covers the government's plans for the next two years.

The only state visit listed in the speech is a visit in July from the king and queen of Spain.

Traditionally all planned state visits for the period covered by the speech are listed by the Queen in advance.

The decision not to include Trump's visit adds credence to earlier reports that the president was unwilling to visit the UK while the threat of further protests against him remained.

Trump reportedly told May in a phone call that he would not undertake a visit until the British public opinion turned.

The prospect of a visit from the president has become a major controversy in the UK. In February the House of Commons Speaker John Bercow gave a speech revealing that he planned to bar Trump from speaking in Parliament because of the president's attempted travel ban and "our opposition to racism and to sexism".

Watch Bercow applauded after calling to bar Trump                                                                                               0136987-8ea35551e0234ee143d8b63aee337f12.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000063461 00000000000 015047  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        No statistical methods were used to predetermine sample size. The experiments were not randomized. The investigators were not blinded to allocation during experiments and outcome assessment.

Study design

Patients with high-risk melanoma provided informed consent and were enrolled between April 2014 and October 2015 to a single centre, phase I clinical trial approved by the Dana-Farber/Harvard Cancer Center Institutional Review Board (NCT01970358). This study was conducted in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki. Key eligibility criteria were clinically or radiographically evident, pathologically confirmed stage IIIB/C and IVM1a/b melanoma deemed amenable to complete surgical resection and an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0 or 1. Other requirements included an absolute lymphocyte count of ≥800 cells per microlitre, absolute neutrophil count of ≥1,500 cells per microlitre, haemoglobin ≥10 g dl−1, platelet count ≥100,000 cells per microlitre, aminotransferases ≤2 times the upper limit of the normal range, total serum bilirubin ≤1 times the upper limit of the normal range, and serum creatinine ≤1.5 times the upper limit of the normal range. Patients with uveal or mucosal melanoma, previous immune modulating or other cancer-directed therapies (except for IFN-α given as systemic adjuvant therapy for a previous melanoma or melanoma recurrence), active autoimmune disease, or an immunosuppressive condition were excluded.

The primary endpoints of the study were safety and feasibility; secondary endpoints were induction of tumour- and neoantigen-specific cellular immune responses and the number of patients alive at 2 years after melanoma resection. A personal neoantigen-targeting vaccine consisting of long peptides combined into four distinct immunizing peptide pools with 0.3 mg of each peptide admixed with 0.5 mg poly-ICLC per pool in a volume of 1 ml was generated as described below, and was administered subcutaneously on days 1, 4, 8, 15, and 22 (priming phase) and weeks 12 and 20 (booster phase). Each of the four neoantigen vaccine pools per patient was assigned to one of four ‘non-rotating’ extremities (or the left or right midriff as alternative anatomical locations) for each injection.

Clinical assessments

The safety of study treatment was assessed on the basis of the occurrence of adverse events, which were categorized and graded according to National Cancer Institute Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (version 4.0). During the treatment phase, safety assessments were performed on the day of vaccination and 1 week after each vaccination. During the follow-up phase, safety assessments were conducted every 3 months. Surveillance scans (computer tomography or combined position emission tomography/computer tomography) were performed every 6 months; standard RECIST 1.1 criteria were used for assessment of disease recurrence.

Patient samples

Heparinized blood and serum samples were obtained from study participants on Institutional Review Board-approved protocols at the DFCI. Patient PBMCs were isolated by Ficoll/Hypaque density-gradient centrifugation (GE Healthcare) and cryopreserved with 10% DMSO in FBS (Sigma-Aldrich). Cells and serum from patients were stored in vapour-phase liquid nitrogen until the time of analysis. HLA class I and class II molecular typings were determined by PCR-rSSO (reverse sequence specific oligonucleotide probe), with ambiguities resolved by PCR-SSP (sequence specific primer) techniques (One Lambda).

Tumour samples from patients were obtained immediately after surgery. A portion of the sample was removed for formalin fixation and paraffin embedding (FFPE). The remainder of the tissue was carefully minced manually, suspended in a solution of collagenase D (200 U ml−1) and DNase I (20 U ml−1) (Roche Life Sciences), transferred to a sealable plastic bag, and incubated with regular agitation in a Seward Stomacher Laboratory Blender for 30–60 min. After digestion, any remaining clumps were removed and the single-cell suspension was recovered, washed, and immediately frozen in aliquots and stored in vapour-phase liquid nitrogen. For patients 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 9, and 10, the frozen tumour cell suspensions were used for WES and RNA-seq. For patients 4, 6, 8, and 10 WES and RNA-seq were performed on scrolls from the FFPE tissue (Supplementary Information 1a, b).

Generation of personal neoantigen vaccines

WES. Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA)-certified WES was conducted by the Clinical Research Sequencing Platform, Broad Institute; CLIA 22D2055652. Library construction from surgical melanoma specimens and matched germline DNA of all ten patients was performed as previously described25. Genomic DNA was sheared, end repaired, ligated with barcoded Illumina sequencing adapters, amplified, and size selected. For patients 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, and 9, whole-exome capture was performed using an Agilent SureSelect Human All Exon 44 Mb version 2.0 bait set (Agilent Technologies)26. For patients 5, 6, 8, and 10, WES was performed using an Illumina Nextera Rapid Capture Exome version 1.2 bait set. The Illumina exome specifically targets approximately 37.7 Mb of mainly exonic regions made up of all targets from the Agilent exome design (Agilent SureSelect All Exon V2), all coding regions of Gencode V11 genes, and all coding regions of RefSeq gene and KnownGene tracks from the UCSC genome browser (http://genome.ucsc.edu). Resulting libraries were then qPCR quantified, pooled, and sequenced with 76 base-paired-end reads using HiSeq 2000 or 2500 sequencers (Illumina). Pooled libraries were normalized to 2 nM and denatured using 0.2 N NaOH before sequencing. Data were analysed using the Broad Picard Pipeline, which includes de-multiplexing, duplicate marking, and data aggregation.

RNA-seq. For RNA-seq library construction, RNA was extracted from frozen cell suspensions (patients 1, 2, 3, 7, 9, 10) or FFPE samples (patients 4, 5, 6, 8, 10) using a Qiagen RNeasy Mini Kit or Qiagen FFPE RNeasy Kit, respectively. RNA-seq libraries were prepared using an Illumina TruSeq Stranded mRNA Library Prep Kit (for cell suspensions) or Illumina’s TruSeq RNA Access Library Prep Kit (for FFPE samples). Total RNA was quantified using a Quant-iT RiboGreen RNA Assay Kit and normalized to 5 ng μl−1. For patients 1, 2, 3, 7, and 9, each sample was transferred into library preparation which was an automated variant of the Illumina TruSeq Stranded mRNA Sample Preparation Kit. This method preserved strand orientation of the RNA transcript. It used oligonucleotide dT beads to select messenger RNA (mRNA) from the total RNA sample. It was followed by heat fragmentation and complementary DNA (cDNA) synthesis from the RNA template. The resultant 500 bp cDNA then went through library preparation (end repair, base ‘A’ addition, adaptor ligation, and enrichment) using Broad-designed indexed adapters substituted in for multiplexing. For patient 4, the mRNA enrichment step was omitted before library preparation. The resulting libraries were quantified with qPCR using a KAPA Library Quantification Kit for Illumina Sequencing Platforms and then pooled equimolarly. For Illumina sequencing, pooled libraries were normalized to 2 nM and denatured using 0.1 N NaOH before sequencing. Flowcell cluster amplification and sequencing were performed according to the manufacturer’s protocols using either an HiSeq 2000 or HiSeq 2500. Each run was a 101 bp paired-end with an eight-base index barcode read. Data were analysed using the Broad Picard Pipeline, which includes de-multiplexing and data aggregation.

For patients 5, 6, 8, and 10, a RNA transcriptome capture method was used. Using Illumina’s TruSeq RNA Access Library Prep Kit, a stranded cDNA library was prepared from isolated RNA which was then hybridized to a set of DNA oligonucleotide probes to enrich the library for mRNA transcript fragments. The transcriptome capture targeted 21,415 genes, representing 98.3% of the RefSeq exome (and was the same bait set as the Rapid Capture Exome). Flowcell cluster amplification and sequencing were performed according to the manufacturer’s protocols using either a HiSeq 2000 or HiSeq 2500. Each run was a 76 bp paired-end with an eight-base index barcode read. Data were analysed using the Broad Picard Pipeline which includes de-multiplexing and data aggregation.

DNA quality control. Standard Broad Institute protocols as previously described27,28 were used for DNA quality control. The identities of all tumour and normal DNA samples were confirmed by mass spectrometric fingerprint genotyping of 95 common single nucleotide polymorphisms by Fluidigm Genotyping (Fluidigm). Sample contamination from foreign DNA was assessed using ContEst29.

Somatic mutation calling. Analyses of WES data of tumour and matched PBMCs (as source of normal germline DNA) from the patients were used to identify the specific coding-sequence mutations, including single-, di-, or trinucleotide variants leading to single amino-acid missense mutations and small insertions/deletions. Output from Illumina software was processed by the ‘Picard’ data processing pipeline to yield BAM files containing aligned reads (bwa version 0.5.9, to the NCBI Human Reference Genome Build hg19) with well-calibrated quality scores27,30. Somatic alterations were identified using a set of tools within the ‘Firehose’ pipeline (http://www.broadinstitute.org/cancer/cga). Somatic single nucleotide variations were detected using MuTect (Firehose version 13112); somatic small insertions and deletions were detected using Indelocator27 and Strelka31. All indels were manually reviewed in Integrative Genomics Viewer32. All somatic mutations, insertions, and deletions were annotated using Oncotator33. The ABSOLUTE algorithm (version 1.1) was used to calculate the purity and ploidy of the samples. RNA-seq data were processed using PRADA software34. Comparisons of gene expression were conducted against data from GTEx (Analysis V6, dbGaP accession number phs000424.v6.p1, doi:10.1038/ng.2653) and The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) (Broad Institute TCGA Genome Data Analysis Center (2016): Firehose stddata__2016_01_28 run. Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard. doi:10.7908/C11G0KM9).

Identification of target epitopes for peptide design. NetMHCpan version 2.4 was used to identify patient-specific mutation-containing epitopes that were predicted to bind to the MHC class I molecules19,35,36. Thirty peptides of 15–30 amino acids in length (‘long peptides’) from up to 30 independent mutations were selected and prioritized for peptide preparation. Epitopes were chosen for inclusion on the basis of a pre-defined set of criteria in the following rank order: (1) neoORFs which included predicted binding epitopes; (2) high predicted affinity (<150 nM) somatic single nucleotide variations due to anchor residue changes; (3) high-affinity (<150 nM) somatic single nucleotide variations due to mutations in positions other than anchor residues; (4) neoORFs with no predicted binding epitopes; (5) lower affinity (<150–500 nM) versions of (2) and (3).

Mutations in oncogenes were given highest priority within each ranked group; otherwise epitopes were ranked by predicted mutated peptide affinity. Only somatic single nucleotide variations that demonstrated expression of the mutated allele were used. Additionally, a variety of possible biochemical properties (hydrophobicity, presence of multiple cysteines) that may have affected the synthesizability or solubility of the long peptide were considered.

Synthesis of long peptides, pooling, and final vaccine preparation. GMP peptides were synthesized and purified (CS Bio) using standard solid-phase synthetic peptide chemistry and reverse-phase high performance liquid chromatography (RP-HPLC). Up to 20 peptides were formulated in an aqueous solution containing ≤4% DMSO in isotonic dextrose and mixed into a maximum of four pools (three to five peptides per pool, with a final dose of 0.3 mg of each peptide per vaccine). On the day of vaccine administration, each peptide pool was admixed with 0.5 mg poly-ICLC (Hiltonol; Oncovir) by syringe-to-syringe transfer at the DFCI Clinical Pharmacy.

Melanoma cell-line generation

Fresh tumour-cell suspensions or thawed cryopreserved cells were washed and cultured in tissue culture plates containing OptiMEM GlutaMax media (Gibco, Thermofisher) supplemented with fetal bovine serum (5%), sodium pyruvate (1 mM), penicillin and streptomycin (100 U ml−1), gentamycin (50 μg ml−1), insulin (5 μg ml−1), and epidermal growth factor (5 ng ml−1; Sigma-Aldrich). Cell cultures were dissociated and passaged using versene (Gibco, Thermofisher). The expanding cell lines were tested mycoplasma free and verified as melanoma through immunohistochemical stains using antibodies against the melanoma markers HMB45, MITF, MART-1, Melan-A, and S100 that were performed in the Dana-Farber/Harvard Cancer Center Specialized Histopathology Core Laboratory.

Immunohistochemical evaluation of primary melanoma cells

Dual immunohistochemical staining of the antigen presentation components: HLA class I (Abcam, EMR8-5, 1:6,000) and HLA class II (Dako, CR3/43 M0775, 1:750) with the melanoma marker SOX10 (EP 268, Cell Marque, 1:1,500) was performed using an automated staining system (Bond III, Leica Biosystems) according to the manufacturer’s protocol, as previously described37. Semi-quantitative scoring was performed for the intensity of positive staining of melanoma cell membranes for the marker of interest (0, negative; 1, weak; 2, moderate; 3, strong) and for the percentage of positive staining malignant cells (0–100%). A cumulative ‘H score’ was obtained by multiplying intensity score (0–3) by the percentage of malignant cells with positive staining (0–100%; with any intensity of positive staining). Stained slides were first reviewed and scored independently by two individuals and subsequently reviewed together with a final, consensus score tabulated as previously described37.

Generation and detection of patient neoantigen-specific T cells

PBMCs were cultured in RPMI-1640 medium supplemented with l-glutamine, non-essential amino acids, HEPES, β-mercaptoethanol, sodium pyruvate, penicillin/streptomycin (Gibco), and 10% AB-positive heat-inactivated human serum (Gemini Bioproduct). For in vitro expansion (‘pre-stimulation’) of antigen-specific T cells, PBMCs were stimulated in 24-well cell culture plates at 5 × 106 cells per well with individual (2 μg ml−1) or pooled peptides (each at 2 μg ml−1) in the presence of IL-7 (20 ng ml−1; R&D Systems). On day 3, low-dose IL-2 (20 U ml−1; Amgen) was added. Half-medium change and supplementation of cytokines were performed every 3 days, as described previously38. After 10–21 days, T-cell (referred to as ‘T-cell lines’) specificity was tested against peptide, minigenes, or autologous tumour by interferon (IFN)-γ ELISPOT or CD107αβ degranulation assay in RPMI-1640 medium supplemented with penicillin/streptomycin and 10% FBS (complete RPMI). For deconvolution of CD8+ T-cell responses, CD8+ T cells were enriched with CD8+ T-cell Isolation Kit beads (Miltenyi Biotec) before plating for ELISPOT.

Antigen formats for immune monitoring

Assay (ASP) and predicted class I epitope peptides (EPT) were synthesized and lyophilized (from either JPT Peptide Technologies; or RS Synthesis) (>80% purity). ASP were 15–16 amino acids and overlapped by at least 11 amino acids, covering the IMP sequence. EPT were 9–10 amino acids. Peptides for generation of class II tetramers were synthesized to >90% purity (21st Century Biochemicals). Minigenes were constructed39 such that (1) for non-synonymous mutations, they encoded the mutated amino acid and surrounding upstream and downstream native amino acids for a total length of ~25 amino acids; (2) for frame-shift mutations, they encoded the entire corresponding immunizing peptide. Multiple minigenes (3–7 per plasmid) for a given patient were arranged in tandem without additional linker sequences and synthesized as a gBlock (Integrated DNA Technologies). Each tandem minigene construct was inserted into a pcDNA3.1 vector using available EcoRI and BamHI cut sites. RNA was generated by in vitro transcription of the tandem minigene plasmids using an mMESSAGE mMACHINE Ultra Kit (Thermo Fisher). Twenty micrograms of the in vitro transcription RNA was introduced into autologous positively selected CD19+ B cells (CD19 Microbeads, Miltenyi Biotec) by nucleofection using V-buffer and the X-001 program (Amaxa Cell Line Nucleofector Kit V, Lonza). The B cells were used within 24 h of transfection. Transfection efficiency was typically 70–85%, on the basis of 24 h green fluorescent protein (GFP) expression after nucleofection with control in vitro transcription RNA generated using a pcDNA3.1-GFP plasmid. Tandem constructs containing the wild-type versions of the minigenes with non-synonymous mutations were also similarly designed.

In some experiments, antigen-specific T cells were tested against autologous melanoma cells. In other experiments, autologous irradiated melanoma cells were co-cultured with autologous dendritic cells. Immunomagnetically isolated CD14+ cells (Human CD14 MicroBeads; Miltenyi Biotec) were cultured in complete RPMI containing 120 ng ml−1 GM-CSF and 70 ng ml−1 IL-4 at 3 × 106 cells per well in a six-well plate. Media were exchanged on days 3 and 5. For feeding of melanoma cells to autologous dendritic cells, melanoma cells were irradiated with 150 Gy and cultured in serum-free RPMI overnight. Dendritic cells were cultured with or without melanoma cells in complete RPMI (0.25 × 106 dendritic cells and 0.25 × 106 melanoma cells) in a 48-well plate for 5 h at 37 °C, followed by addition of 30 μg ml−1 poly-inosinic-poly-cytidylic acid (Sigma-Aldrich) to induce dendritic cell maturation. After overnight culture, dendritic cells were harvested and used as APCs on ELISPOT assays.

IFN-γ ELISPOT assay

IFN-γ ELISPOT assays were performed using 96-well MultiScreen Filter Plates (Millipore), coated with 2 μg ml−1 anti-human IFN-γ mAb overnight (1-D1K, Mabtech). Plates were washed with PBS and blocked with complete RPMI before use. For pre-stimulated T cells, 5 × 103 T cells and 1 × 104 CD8+ T cells for detection of CD4+ and CD8+ T-cell responses, respectively, were co-cultured with 1 × 104 autologous CD4+ and CD8+ T-cell-depleted PBMCs, 8 × 104 B cells, 1 × 104 autologous tumour cells, or 5 × 103 autologous dendritic cells, unless otherwise stated (Fig. 3e: 2 × 104 CD8+ T cells plated; Fig. 4c: 1 × 104 T cells plated). APCs were pulsed with peptides (2–10 μg ml−1), or peptides were directly added to the ELISPOT wells with APCs and incubated with T cells overnight in complete RPMI at 37 °C. For ex vivo ELISPOT, 2 × 105 PBMCs were plated with 2 μg ml−1 peptide and incubated overnight. Plates were rinsed with PBS containing 0.05% Tween-20 and then 1 μg ml−1 anti-human IFN-γ mAb (7-B6-1-Biotin, Mabtech) was added, followed by Streptavidin-ALP (Mabtech). After rinsing, SIGMA FAST BCIP/NBT (5-bromo-4-chloro-3-indolyl phosphate/nitro blue tetrazolium; Sigma-Aldrich) was used to develop the immunospots, and spots were imaged and enumerated (Cellular Technology Limited). For some experiments, APCs were cultured on the ELISPOT plate with HLA blocking antibodies (10 μg ml−1; pan anti-DR (clone: L243) or anti-HLA I (clone: W6/32)) for 1–2 h in advance of the addition of peptides and T cells to the wells. Ex vivo responses were scored positive if >55 spot-forming cells were detected and were at least 1.5 s.d. over the DMSO control (>3 s.d. over background for patients 5 and 6). For Fig. 2b, for each patient, the numbers of spot-forming cells were regressed on assay, time, and the interaction of assay and time using repeated-measures models with an unstructured covariance. P values (t-test) for the comparisons of each pool against the mock were adjusted using the Benjamini–Hochberg procedure to maintain an overall alpha value of 0.05 at each time within each patient.

ICS and CD107αβ degranulation assay

For ex vivo intracellular cytokine detection, PBMCs were stimulated with 5 μg ml−1 peptide or 50 ng ml−1 PMA (Sigma-Aldrich) and 1 μg ml−1 ionomycin (Sigma-Aldrich) in complete RPMI with 10 μg ml−1 brefeldin A (Sigma-Aldrich) at 37 °C overnight. For detection of cytokines from pre-stimulated CD8+ T cells, 2 × 106 T cells were re-stimulated with 1 × 106 T-cell-depleted PBMCs pulsed with 5 μg ml−1 peptide in complete RPMI with 10 μg ml−1 brefeldin A at 37 °C overnight. Subsequently, cells were stained with antibodies against surface markers for 20 min at 4 °C, followed by fixation with 1% formaldehyde at 4 °C for 20 min, and then stained with antibodies against cytokines in 0.5% saponin solution at 4 °C for 1 h to overnight. Anti-CD4 antibody (conjugated with PerCP-Cy5.5, clone OKT-4, eBioscience), CD8 (PE-Cy7, SK1, eBioscience), CD3 (APCCy7, HIT3a, Biolegend), CD14 (BV510, M5E2, Biolegend), CD19 (BV510, HIB19, Biolegend), IFN-γ (APC, 4S.B3, Biolegend), TNF-α (BV421, Mab11, Biolegend), and IL-2 (PE, MQ1-17H12, Biolegend) were used. A CD107αβ degranulation assay was performed by culturing 5 × 105 T cells and 1.5 × 105 target minigene-expressing B cells with Alexa Fluor 647-conjugated CD107α (H4A3) and CD107β (H4B4) antibodies (BD Biosciences) in complete RPMI for 6 h at 37 °C. Cells were stained with anti-CD4, -CD8, and -CD69 (Pacific Blue, FN50, Biolegend) antibodies for 30 min at room temperature, followed by fixation with 4% formaldehyde. Flow cytometry analysis was performed on a BD FACSCanto II High Throughput Sampler (HTS) instrument.

Generation of HLA-DR tetramers loaded with defined neoantigen peptides

DR1/CLIP or and DR4/CLIP complexes were expressed in stably transfected CHO cells as previously described40. The DRα and DRβ chain extracellular domains carried Jun and Fos dimerization domains; a C-terminal BirA site was attached to the DRα chain to enable site-specific biotinylation. The peptide binding site was occupied by a CLIP peptide that was linked through a thrombin-cleavable linker to the N terminus of the mature DRβ chain. DR/CLIP complexes were purified from CHO cell supernatants by affinity chromatography using mAb L243 (American Type Culture Collection). Purified DR molecules were biotinylated with a 1:20 molar ratio of BirA:DR as described40. Before peptide loading, DR complexes were treated with thrombin for 2 h to release the CLIP peptide. Peptide-exchange reactions were performed with a 15-fold molar excess of dansyl-labelled peptides (21st Century Biochemicals) in a buffer containing 50 mM sodium citrate, 50 mM J10 (ref. 41), 100 mM NaCl, and 1× protease inhibitor cocktail overnight at 30 °C. DR/peptide complexes were separated from unbound peptide using a Superose 12 HPLC gel filtration column (Amersham). DR molecules loaded with defined neoantigen peptides were then isolated using an anti-dansyl affinity column. Complexes were eluted from the column using 50 mM CAPS, pH 11.5, and neutralized with 1 M phosphate, pH 6.0. Biotinylated DR/peptide monomers were buffer exchanged with PBS, concentrated to >1 mg ml−1, and frozen in aliquots at −80 °C. Fluorophore-labelled streptavidin (either PE or APC) was added to biotinylated DR/peptide monomers at a 1:4 molar ratio in four separate additions over 60 min at room temperature.

Tetramer labelling of CD4+ T cells

Patient PBMCs that were CD4-enriched using a CD4+ T-cell Isolation Kit (Miltenyi Biotec) were stained with both APC- and PE-labelled tetramers at 20 μg ml−1 in RPMI containing 10% FBS, 10 mM HEPES, 2 mM glutamine and 50 U ml−1 penicillin/streptomycin for 1 h at room temperature. DR/CLIP tetramers were used as negative controls. The cell density during staining was 10 × 106 to 20 × 106 cells per millilitre. Unbound tetramer was removed using two washes with flow staining buffer (PBS + 2% FBS). Cells were then stained with Live/Dead Aqua (Invitrogen) for 15 min at room temperature, followed by staining with anti-CD4 (Alexa Fluor700, OKT4, Biolegend), anti-CD3 (BV421, UCHT1, Biolegend), and anti-CD14/CD19 (BV510) for 20 min at 4 °C. Cells were washed once with PBS and analysed on a BD Aria cell sorter.

Single-cell trancriptome data generation and analysis

Single-cell transcriptomes of CD4+ T cells before vaccination and of class II tetramer-positive CD4+ T cells after vaccination were generated using the CEL-Seq2 protocol with the following modifications: single cells were sorted into 0.6 μl of 1% NP-40 buffer in a 384-well plate, into which 0.6 μl of barcoded reverse transcriptase reaction primers and a mixture of dNTPs were added. The plate was incubated at 65 °C for 5 min, and then moved immediately to ice. Reverse transcription, the second-strand synthesis reaction, and the in vitro transcription reaction were performed as previously described42. Amplified RNA was fragmented at 80 °C for 3 min and cleaned up with RNAClean XP beads. Amplified RNA was converted to cDNA using random priming, and then Illumina adaptor sequences were added by PCR. Paired-end sequencing was performed on a HiSeq 2500 in high-output run mode. Raw universal molecular identifier data were first filtered to remove all universal molecular identifiers that had fewer than ten corresponding reads. All cells that had at least 200 genes with non-zero universal molecular identifier counts and <25% of universal molecular identifiers originating from mitochondrial genes were retained for downstream analysis. All genes that were not detected in at least three cells were excluded. Linear (principal components) and nonlinear (t-distributed stochastic neighbour embedding) dimensionality reduction was performed with the Seurat package43. The SCDE package44 was used to identify differentially expressed genes.

Data availability

WES and RNA-seq data are deposited in dbGaP ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/projects/gap/cgi-bin/study.cgi?study_id=phs001451.v1.p1). All other data are available from the corresponding author upon reasonable request.                                                                                                                                                                                                               0136908-0bd99584f4fd4c96569913ebf5cb0d74.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011637 00000000000 015157  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Facilities Development and Management is committed to ensuring the safety and success of the university community.

ASU Facilities Development and Management maintains and services all university-owned property, and develops and constructs innovative and sustainable facilities. FDM’s vision is to contribute to and guarantee the success of the university’s mission by creating and caring for the ASU campus and environment. Our vision is to provide quality customer service, effectively steward our resources, and meet the needs of the university through creative and collaborative efforts.

As of Feb. 2019, ASU has four Platinum, 32 Gold, 16 Silver, and one certified LEED Building Certifications. Questions about LEED? Email Sustainability Practices.

View all ASU LEED certifications.

For all ASU facilities information, review the Facilities Data Sheets.

For access routes on the Tempe campus, view the construction map.

Administrative Administrative Services delivers support for FDM departmental human resource needs and data management tools. The department offers FDM organizational development and facilitates strategic employment solutions through recruitment of permanent and temporary employees, and provides FDM centralized salary planning, payroll/PeopleSoft management and time and labor support. View our organizational chart. Architecture Office of the University Architect provides planning and design guidance for ASU capital improvement projects. Responsibilities include campus and space planning, architectural programming, review and design. The University Architect and staff impart expertise and project management for spatial resource management, interior design, architecture, landscape architecture, environmental graphics, sustainability and historic preservation. Business Operations Business Operations provides centralized budgetary and accounting support for all FDM departments, including FACMAN, at ASU campuses. The department ensures that sound checks and balances are in place and in compliance with all ASU and ABOR policies. Business Operations encompasses all State, Local, and Foundation FDM accounts and provides support to all in the following ways: Ensures that FDM closes each fiscal year in good financial standing.

Establishes internal departmental budgets.

Manages all research-building operations and maintenance budgets.

Provides professional accounting guidance and advice. Another key function of Business Operations is utility forecasting and utility fiscal management for ASU campuses. The department establishes the maintenance labor rates in support of FACMAN-provided service work for all campuses. Business Operations generates the O and M cost models for new facilities and buildings at ASU as well as handling the property management, custodial and fleet contracts that support the campuses. Business Operations also manages FDM billing, which provides the following: Distributes departmental Voyager Fuel Cards.

Manages campus insurance claims.

Manages charges to other departments for service work performed. Capital Programs Capital Programs Management Group is responsible for oversight of design, renovations of facilities and infrastructure, new construction, and managing consultants and contractors. CPMG departments provide design services, Board of Regents and legislative project approvals and reports, plan review/inspections, asbestos and lead abatement programs, accounting support, as well as the inventory and management of GIS mapping, construction documents, floor plans and building information. Facilities Facilities Management is comprised of maintenance shops, service units and business partners at the four ASU campuses and ASU sites. FM provides services for campus grounds, infrastructure, and building components, including plumbing, carpentry, electrical, painting, heating, ventilating and air conditioning. FM oversees building automation systems in keeping with state and federal energy mandates, manages custodial business partners, and performs minor renovations.

Tempe campus | phone number and location Mailing address 480-965-3633

University Services Building

1551 S. Rural Road

Tempe, AZ 85287 map Email University Services Building

PO Box 875112

Tempe, AZ 85287-5112 Campus Mail Code

5112

Downtown Phoenix campus | phone number and location Mailing address 480-965-3633

Post Office

522 N. Central Ave.

Phoenix, AZ 85004 map



Email Post Office

522 N. Central Ave.

Phoenix, AZ 85004 Campus Mail Code

8020

Polytechnic campus | phone number and location Mailing address 480-965-3633

Facilities Management Building

6045 S. Sagewood

Mesa, AZ 85212-6026 map



Email Facilities Management Building

6045 S. Sagewood

Mesa, AZ 85212-6026 Campus Mail Code

MC 4680

West campus | phone number and location Mailing address 480-965-3633

Central Services Complex

13351 N. 49th Ave

Glendale, AZ 85306 map



Email Central Services Complex

13351 N. 49th Ave

Glendale, AZ 85306 Campus Mail Code

7100                                                                                                 0136981-983a1dc617c937e51e1cab82c5cfaf9e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004147 00000000000 015354  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Campaigners have occupied the Carnegie Library following the planned 6pm closing of the Herne Hill public building by Lambeth Council for the final time this evening.

A peaceful vigil took place between 4pm – 6pm outside the library, with a celebration of the history and the people that make the building so special taking place inside.

When it came to the time for the Council to padlock the doors ahead of what appears to be an uncertain future, campaigners from the Friends of Carnegie Library refused to leave.

A spokesperson told Brixton Buzz:

“This is not Lambeth Council’s library to close after 110 years, it belongs to the locality. We are staying here to publicise just what Lambeth’s Labour council is doing to our local libraries – ripping the heart out of them to turn them into unwanted gyms.”

The aim is to keep the library operating independent of the political interference of Lambeth Council, and showcase the Carnegie as a beacon of resistance to library cuts in Lambeth and across the country.

Padlocks were changed by Council staff on Wednesday evening. The Council has even gone to the expense of hiring 24 hour security guards to keep a look out at the Carnegie.

It will actually cost the Progress led Council more money to keep the Carnegie closed than it will to keep it open, in the absence of any business plan from Greenwich Leisure Ltd.

Cllr Jane Edbrooke, [right] the Progress Cabinet member for Book-ish Gyms, remains defiant in wanting to gift the public building to her Third Way chums.

She has also managed to manufacture an argument between GLL and the Carnegie Trust – the ‘independent’ group that close connections with the Progress Cabinet.

Brixton Buzz reported yesterday how the farce of the book-ish gyms has now led the Trust to consider excavating the basement of the Grade II listed building, just to appease their Progress pals and find somewhere for GLL to place their treadmills.

In the absence of any viable plan from Lambeth Council or GLL, the Friends group now plans to keep the library open as a community run facility – the true definition of a Co-operative Council.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0136330-d43f52d56421e85a8abc80a67d4aa4ff.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005157 00000000000 015251  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Email Address Close

Like this stuff? Get it delivered to your email inbox daily! Sign up below! Archives | Share: At some point this week, perhaps as early as tomorrow, I'll be rolling out a new design for Now I Know: a totally fresh design which includes ad units and some recent issues linked in the sidebar. I don't have a preview available but if you want the back story, I wrote it up here. The inclusion of ad units will help support Now I Know as it grows (I hope!) in its second year. -- Dan

Tax Refund

The minimum wage in the United States is $7.25 per hour. It is €8.63 per hour in the United Kingdom and €8.40 per hour for some trades in Germany.



In 2004, Juergen Graefe, a German lawyer, did about an hour of work and earned a bit more than that. No, make that a lot more than €8.40 -- his fee came out to €440,234 (about $570,000 at the time).



In 2001, a German pensioner went into the tax collector's office to fill out his tax return. He put down an annual income of €11,000 -- which, it turns out, was an error. He filed a correction, restating his income to be €17,000. Unfortunately, the tax official working on his paperwork failed to enter the correction properly. Instead, the pensioner's income was listed at an absurd €1,100,017,000 -- the GDP of a tiny country.



Given those "earnings," the pensioner's tax bill came in at €287 million and change.



Clearing up the error was not hard. The pensioner's lawyer, Dr. Graefe, simply wrote a letter to the German tax authorities explaining the error. His client's tax liability was corrected and he went on with his life. Dr. Graefe, thereafter, looked to collect his fee.



In the United States, typically, the client pays the fee for services provided, and in a matter like this, the fee would (likely) be an hourly one; the American equivalent of Dr. Graefe would probably earn $100 or so. Not bad. But in Germany, the law holds that when an attorney wins such a reduction, the lawyer's fee -- paid for by the tax man -- is a percentage of said reduction. In this case, Graefe's cut should have been about €450,000, but of course, the tax department disputed this amount as excessive.



The court agreed with Graefe, who collected his world-record fee.



Bonus fact : Before 1999, it was legal in Germany to bribe foreign public officials -- and companies were able to deduct any such bribes (as a "business expense") from their tax returns.



Related reading : "Great Government Goofs: Over 350 Loopy Laws, Hilarious Screw-Ups and Acts-Idents of Congress," by Leland Gregory. $12.00, 4.5 stars on 7 reviews. Not available on Kindle. Archives | Subscribe | Share:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0136660-577228899ff21865082aeba047eaa334.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010232 00000000000 014700  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In recent years Chinese TV dramas have won lots of media attentions and gradually obtained lots of favors in the world. Chinese TV series are similar to TV plays in the USA, but are often longer, and tell a story with complicated plots. If you want to follow Chinese TV series, you should check our list of the 10 most popular websites to watch Chinese TV series online for free without downloading.

When watch videos outside China, you will often find the screen says: “抱歉， 此视频只限中国内地播放. Sorry this video can only be streamed within Mainland China”. That’s because foreign countries are very strict with copyright. TV plays and movies on Chinese video sites such as Youku, Tudou and iQiyi are only available to users in mainland China. If you want to watch films and television shows in your own country, you need to use VPN service to bypass the IP detection. In the past year, I have tested about a dozen of VPNs with servers in China, and I find HideMyAss has the best speed and its servers in China work well. HideMyAss has 2 servers Bejjing, capital of China. Its VPN service also offers 30 day money back guarantee. You can SAVE 56% for its annual plan by click Here.

Youku.com is China’s leading Internet video company. Its TV Chanel offers thousands of latest TV dramas that just aired on China television screens. Youku also make mini television series itself and some of which are very popular among netizens. At present these contents are just available to IP from China, people from other regions can only use VPN to watch it.

2. Baidu TV

Baidu TV Series Channel is attached to Baidu, China’s largest search engine. The site provides a large number of up-to-date hit dramas and feature programs. With considerable financial strength, Baidu can provide viewers with the up-to-date the most complete TV plays.

3. 360 TV

360 TV is owned by Qihoo 360, a leading Internet platform company in China. The site provides many resource links which can direct you to the popular TV series from other websites. Users can change among its many links until find the site with the best watching experience.

4. Letv

LeTV, a popular Chinese streaming website based in Beijing, supplies legal TV shows and movies from countries and regions such as Mainland China, South Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Thailand. For users from outside Mainland China VPN service is needed to unlock its region restriction.

5. QQ TV

QQ is the largest free instant messaging application in China and its TV Channel provides the full-episode TV plays online. Its mobile app are supports Android, iOS and Windows Phone platform.

6. Tudou TV

Tudou, a Chinese video sharing website, owns many full-length TV series, TV shows and movies from China, South Korea the USA, England and other regions. All these dramas are available on its mobile app and are free to download.

7. Kankan TV

Xunlei Kankan is a video-on-demand site which provides high-definition TV and other video contents. At present there is no region restriction for all its dramas, users can watch them anywhere in the world. Xunlei Kankan is also available on mobile platforms including Android and iOS.

8. PPTV If you are a Chinese drama lover, PPTV is the right place to go. PPTV provides video-on-demand of dramas and other contents. I strongly recommend it for its well-designed interface, fast speed and vast drama resources. PPTV is available for a variety of systems, including windows PC, Mac, Android mobile phones, and iPads etc. It is absolutely free to watch all its dramas online from anywhere in the world.

9. Iqiyi TV Iqiyi.com, like Hulu in the US, is a streaming video platform that focuses on Chinese HD TV series and movies. The site is owned by Baidu, China’s largest Internet search engine. Besides the latest copyrighted video contents, IQiyi also produces its own content including drama programs, that cater to young people.

10. Sohu TV Sohu Video channel provides the latest legitimate HD TV plays from Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. The site belongs to Sohu.com, one of the biggest China Internet portal. Its strong financial strength guarantees many exclusive dramas and TV shows. The site also produces video contents itself.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0136414-2fdc757ad4aaf02b9b78c5e5ab683d0c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000037004 00000000000 015407  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        From hanging out with George Clooney and Princess Diana to making a terrible faux pas with billionaire Bill Gates, the pop star turned vicar Richard Coles gives Event chapter and verse on his extremely quirky parish life

The Reverend Richard Coles first found fame with Eighties pop band The Communards, whose hit Don’t Leave Me This Way became the biggest-selling single of 1986.

Today he is best known as the presenter of Radio 4’s morning magazine programme Saturday Live – which attracts two million listeners – and as a regular contributor to Pause For Thought on the Chris Evans Radio 2 breakfast show.

Richard Coles with his dogs at St Mary the Virgin, Finedon

His day job, however, is as vicar of St Mary the Virgin, Finedon, Northamptonshire (he was the inspiration for Tom Hollander’s character in the BBC2 sitcom Rev). He revealed in his 2014 memoir Fathomless Riches how he enjoyed sex with strangers in car parks, took drugs and lied about having HIV.

Today, he lives in a celibate civil partnership with his partner the Rev David Coles (né Oldham).

In his new book, Bringing In The Sheaves, from which we print exclusive extracts here, Coles draws on his 11 years in the clergy, with all the humour, quirky characters and incidents that life – and death – serve up.

WELL THAT TOLD ME

I’m sitting at my desk in my study. The phone rings. Someone has called to tell me a parishioner is dying and would I go to see him?

When I arrive the man is in and out of lucidity. I talk to him but I am not sure if he understands much or anything of what I say.

I anoint him with holy oil and he seems to respond to that, to stir a little, so I sit beside him for a while and read to him from the Psalms.

Onstage with Jimmy Somerville in The Communards in 1985;

After a while he seems to wake almost, and taking this as encouragement I carry on until we reach the great Psalm 130, De Profundis: ‘Out of the deep have I called unto thee, O Lord; Lord, hear my voice’.

He stirs again and tries I think to say something, so I pull my chair up closer. He looks at me and with a great effort says, ‘Shut up you stupid t***.’

MY SHIRLEY BASSEY MOMENT

When I presided at the Eucharist for the first time, after my ordination to the priesthood in 2005 at St Botolph’s Church in Boston, Lincolnshire, I wore a special chasuble – the long poncho a priest wears at the altar – made for the occasion, in wild scarlet silk with a hanging orphrey [embroidery].

As I processed down the nave I overheard one church warden, a solid Lincolnshire type, say to another, ‘He looks like Shirley Bassey.’

Richard with Saturday Live cohost Aasmah Mir

After Boston I went to be curate at St Paul’s Church, Knightsbridge, in west London. I was licensed and installed as 59th Vicar of St Mary the Virgin, Finedon, in Northamptonshire, in 2011. Once, I was in the front garden when a lady peered over the fence. ‘Are you the new chap?’ she asked. I said I was. ‘Oh,’ she said, ‘we thought you were black.’ I wondered why. ‘We thought you were in The Commodores.’ (Coles’s band was The Communards.)

That same year I became a co-presenter of Saturday Live. I stay in a hotel round the corner from New Broadcasting House on Friday nights, leaving at 6.30am for work.

In the office we sign off the scripts, gossip, and then at 8.30am Aasmah Mir, my co-presenter, and I go to the Today studio on the third floor.

They are approaching the end of their programme and there is usually a demob-happy atmosphere, which suits the tone of our visit to trail what’s coming up in half an hour on Saturday Live.

Care must be taken not to sound too breezy if the news is especially bad that day, or if there is a big interview to follow.

Several times I have alerted listeners to a lady from the bat protection league, or a man dressed up as Henry VIII, or a soap star’s live confessions, while the Chancellor of the Exchequer, sitting next to me, pores over a page of scribbled calculations...

EVERYTHING IS BRILLIANT

In corporate life, I have noticed, it is getting harder and harder to say that things are bad. I was once sent on a ‘half-day seminar’, as it was ominously called, with a BBC bigwig.

A group of us from across the organisation spent the morning being told how marvellous everything was, and how exciting were the challenges that faced us.

Coles with Jimmy Somerville in The Communards in 1987;

The seminar concluded with a rather breathless speech from a young apparatchik from Corporate Affairs, intended to raise morale and get us fully on board with the new regime. Any questions? There was silence until a veteran reporter from the back said, ‘Why don’t you f*** off, Tinker Bell?’

At the BBC we often gather in ‘Del Boy’, one of the meeting rooms in New Broadcasting House named after the Corporation’s comedy greats, for the Saturday Live Friday meeting.

We go through what’s on the following day’s programme while around us, semi- visible through semi-opaque glass walls, other BBC people are in meetings.

Once a group of stern-looking managers broke into a chorus of Bring Me Sunshine when they noticed that they were in ‘Morecambe and Wise’, and two of them did that funny skip with the hand gestures round the table.

GOOD EVANS, IT'S GEORGE!

I am in early to do Pause For Thought on the Chris Evans breakfast show. You can always tell the star wattage on the show by the number of autograph collectors gathered round the door.

Coles with Radio 2 DJ and Event columnist Chris Evans

Inside Chris is sitting behind the desk talking to a man with an improbably gravelly voice.

Another man, looking like he had got up for this too early, is sitting in his hat and coat.

As I sit down I say hello to the man in the hat and coat and he says ‘Hello, Sir’ in reply.

It’s only after I’ve done my piece that I realise it was George Clooney.

RETURN OF THE LUFTWAFFE

At St Botolph’s, or Boston Stump, as it’s known, I once saw an old man walking around on his own looking nostalgic, so I introduced myself and asked if he’d visited before.

Not exactly, he replied, in accented English, but it was a place of happy memories.

He’d been in the Luftwaffe during the war, a bomber pilot, and on the return leg of a raid when they saw the tower of the Stump they knew they were heading out to the North Sea and to safety.

Richard with his partner, David

I wondered what drew him back to Boston Stump. Was he seeking forgiveness of some kind? And if he was would we be capable of giving it?

LET US KRAY

Betty, who comes to morning prayer, tells me that she had been a nurse during the war at the London Hospital and lived in the East End where she was adopted by a family.

But she could never understand why the mother of the household never had to queue when she went to the butcher, or why people went suddenly quiet when her twin boys, Ronnie and Reggie, turned up to help out with the shopping.

CELEBRITY WHINGERS

When I was curate at St Paul’s, every Advent we hosted carol services for the big charities.

Princess Diana. I met her, precisely, twice – once with a semi-circle of others at a charity auction at Christie’s, and once at the London Lighthouse, of which we were both patrons

The celebrities would arrive early to run through their readings and my job was to take them to the Vicarage for a glass of champagne and a pee before they were shown to the front pew.

One year one of them cornered me and complained that his reading was not the ‘King James Version’ that he preferred.

What we had given him to read actually was the ‘King James Version’, or Authorised Version as it is properly known here, but I just adopted my ‘how interesting’ face, partly because there were more pressing matters, partly because he and I had form, which I had remembered and he had forgotten, form which had for an inglorious period exposed him to public ridicule and in which I was involved.

Did any memory of that stir within him? I do not think so, and he read, sonorously, the ‘King James Version’ which I pretended to have photocopied but actually just handed him back the page he had given me to change.

GETTING SNAPPY WITH HER MAJESTY

The Queen is on a visit to Broadcasting House. I watch her arrive, and am struck by the eerie silence.

The last time I saw her arrive somewhere was at the Royal Academy of Music, when I was chaplain, and everyone clapped and cheered as she emerged.

The silence now does not indicate the decline of popularity, but the rise of new technology, smartphones, which people hold up, making clapping impossible.

Richard on Celebrity Masterchef earlier this year

It is more important to capture the moment on your phone than to greet the Lord’s anointed. I wonder if she notices?

We have a special guest on the programme the following day: Bill Gates, founder of Microsoft. The other guest with us round the table calls him, respectfully, Mr Gates, while we call him, in line with the programme’s temper and our correspondence with his office, Bill. Once, when his fellow guest’s ‘Mr Gates’ is followed by my ‘Bill’, he looks up, for a second, and I feel a frisson of lèse-majesté.

DIANA AND ME

After Christmas I go to stay with a friend in Staffordshire. At dinner that evening we are talking about the glitter of bling, and the glamour of power, and the mystique of royalty, and how that works today, if at all. Princess Diana comes up, who seemed to me to be both self-deprecating and slightly embarrassed by her status and yet use it to the full when it suited her.

I had known her slightly (our acquaintanceship couldn’t have been much slighter) and went on to say something about the Panorama interview she gave as her marriage to the Prince of Wales disintegrated. Then my friend says, ‘I know so many people who claim to have known her, people who met her on the charity circuit… of course, they didn’t know her at all.’ I say, evenly, ‘Yes, that’s how I knew her,’ and he says, ‘I guess she had a knack for making you feel that she was sharing intimacies with you, when they weren’t really intimacies at all.’

‘Yes,’ I say, ‘That’s right.’

But he’s right about Princess Diana. I met her, precisely, twice – once with a semi-circle of others at a charity auction at Christie’s, and once at the London Lighthouse, of which we were both patrons, when I was talking to her stepbrother and she came over to say hello. Funny, friendly, but covered in diamonds, which flashed as she entered the room like tiny strobes.

THE WORST NEWS AT THE WORST TIME

I am just going to bed when the phone rings. It’s a parishioner, telling me that her husband, whom I had seen in hospital the day before, is not looking good and the family has been called in. ‘Do you want me to come?’ I ask. I take the things I need and drive to Kettering General, so tired I nearly get hit by a lorry on the A14. At the hospital I say a prayer. A nurse comes in and says they are going to be some time so I tell the family I will be back in a few minutes and go to see Dad, who is dying in the room directly opposite.

Two days later, just as I am about to give a speech to a WI meeting, a text from David [Coles’s partner] arrives to tell me that my father has died. I go on stage and do my piece and at the end someone talks to me about her bereavement while I keep my own to myself until I’m driving home on the coldest night of the year, worrying I might skid and then I say out loud: ‘Daddy, my daddy’ like Jenny Agutter in The Railway Children.

HATCHING...

I first met David at a parish not far from Boston. It was the first day of the new smoking ban [July 1, 2007]. Inside, I caught sight of a young man, handsome, in the congregation. As the altar was being cleared, he introduced himself as David, a member of the Parish Church Council. On an impulse I asked if he had a fag – he gave me his last one. We stood outside, me in a cassock, smoking on a roastingly hot day.

Four years later, he and I were living together in Wymondham.

I am not sure if you can renew a baptismal vow but that is what David and I did when we took our party of pilgrims from Finedon to the Holy Land, to a bend in the River Jordan, in the waters where Jesus received the baptism of John 2,000 years ago.

Reggie and Ronnie Kray. Betty, who comes to morning prayer, tells me that she had been a nurse during the war at the London Hospital and lived in the East End where she was adopted by a family, which turned out to be the Krays

At the riverside, some enthusiastic Americans were robing in white and undergoing total immersion. At the gift shop where we bought ice creams, they bought T-shirts with what looked like jokey slogans until you saw them close up. I saw a young man wearing one which showed a pregnant woman in a hijab in a rifle’s sights, the crosshairs meeting over her pregnant belly. The slogan said, ‘One shot, two kills’.

Sometimes I loathe religion. I loathe it when it is adopted as a cosmic justification for a political agenda that needs to turn its vices into virtues and its violence into crusade or jihad.

...MATCHING

A wedding enquiry at St Paul’s Knightsbridge. She is shy and foreign, he a big, gruff Scot. They want the wedding as late as possible and I explain that we have to be done by six and that is a problem because their reception venue is not available until seven. I ask where it is and they say ‘The V&A’, and I suggest they ask again because it shouldn’t be too much trouble to open the restaurant.

‘It’s not in the restaurant,’ he says. Where then? I ask. ‘We’ve booked the whole thing.’

They invite me to the reception, which is as splendid as anything I’ve seen, and when the band come on I think they sound like Snow Patrol until someone tells me they are Snow Patrol.

We had no guests at ours because being involved in big weddings puts you off them, or it does me, and besides I rather like the municipal feel of a civil partnership. The ceremony, about as romantic as applying for a TV licence, took about ten minutes and then we went to the pub.

...AND DISPATCHING

A cremation at Mortlake so the funeral directors offered to pick me up at St Paul’s and drive me there. When it arrived it was the van, or the Private Ambulance, as it is coyly called, which picks up bodies from hospitals. It was driven by one of the most taciturn members of that profession, a tall Jamaican of few words who I rather liked. He nodded hello and we sat in agreeable silence until he said, ‘Jeremy Beadle?’

I said, ‘Yes?’

There was a pause.

‘Him in de back.’

And that’s how I found out about the untimely death of television’s favourite prankster.

BEAM HER UP SCOTTY

I was in the gym when I saw on the telly that Mo Mowlam had died. Mo was that rarest of things, a genuinely loved politician. I had become friendly with her and her husband Jon in the Nineties.

I called Jon with condolences and he asked me to conduct Mo’s funeral, but with no religious element if that was something I could do. I didn’t need to think to say yes, and the components of it were entirely up to her and Jon.

The day before the funeral Jon showed me letters of condolence he’d received, a generous one from Gordon Brown (terrible crabby writing in thick felt-tip), lovely ones from Prince Charles and Madeleine Albright, and a sober typed note from ELIZABETH R.

The crem staff were helpful and showed me the buttons and stuff I needed to know, including Button 2, which made a bright light shine on the coffin, growing in intensity and then going out as the curtain curled round the catafalque. A bit showbiz, I said, and they said ‘Yeah, we call it the Beam Me Up, Scotty’.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0136379-d20a58109b9b10c873670cba434f7bfc.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005402 00000000000 015107  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Be Glorious Collagen Peptide Mask brings a fabulous new approach to skin infusion care treatments. It is unique in its application with a synergistic blend of peptides, collagen and hyaluronic acid that will bring an instant glow. That glow after a treatment is radiance defined.”

Visio Élan’s hydrating face mask is changing skincare through at home formulations that rejuvenate, nourish and bring a glow to the skin for a fraction of the cost of expensive spa facials.

“Be Glorious Collagen Peptide Mask is a generous synergy of 2 peptides, Palmitoyl Oligopeptide, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7, (Matrixyl 3000) marine collagen and hyaluronic acid that penetrate deep into skin layers to purify and heal the skin leaving it glowing, refreshed and nourished.

Utilizing advanced skin care technology, Be Glorious protects the skin from aging, increases elasticity, hydrates and infuses wrinkles and fine lines for a more youthful appearance.

Visio Élan product developer, Nina Clark explains what makes Be Glorious Collagen Peptide Infusion Mask so different from other skin care masks, “Be Glorious collagen peptide mask brings a fabulous new approach to skin infusion care treatments. It is unique in its application with a synergistic blend of peptides, collagen and hyaluronic acid that will bring an instant glow. That glow after a treatment is radiance defined.”

The advanced combination of ingredients in this hydrating facial mask not only helps to lock-in moisture, it stimulates new collagen synthesis while rooting out impurities. This essential structural protein tightens the skin and fills in fine lines and wrinkles. With more collagen infusion, the skin naturally stays younger and less susceptible to aging.

Be Glorious collagen facial mask is also enriched with antioxidants that help to protect the skin from free radical damage. These powerful compounds support healthy skin complexion and assist with the removal of toxins.

The high concentrations of nutrients within this peptide hydrating face mask deeply nourish the skin, improving cellular regeneration and promote the development of new, healthier skin layers.

Key natural ingredients in Be Glorious Collagen Peptide Infusion Mask include soluble marine collagen, squalene, vitamin E, mango butter, hydrolyzed silk, hyaluronic acid, palmitoyl oligopeptide, and palmitoyl tetrapeptide-7 (Matrixy 3000).

For the best results, it’s recommended to apply this hydrating face mask as directed twice a week. Visio Élan is so confident this new product will please customers, it is 100% guaranteed.

When combined with Visio Elan’s Aria peptide skincare system, results are dramatic. Visio Elan also suggests alternating days of Be Glorious mask with Visio Elan’s Microdermabrasion home treatment for the best in rejuvenation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0136759-c2cdb07235d6bbf14e9d58734170cd3a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011333 00000000000 015172  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        How will bitcoin impact America’s campaign finance system? Corruption, anonymous donations and foreign contributions stand out as some of the currency’s biggest risks. Currently, these issues are being debated by policymakers at the Federal Election Commission (FEC).

A large portion of last week’s FEC open meeting was taken up with a discussion about the Conservative Action Fund’s (CAF) desire to start accepting bitcoins, something that chairwoman Ellen L Weintraub called “a seemingly exotic and novel issue”.

As a result, four advisory drafts were presented in a hearing last week by the FEC. One draft proposed that advisory opinion should be voted on.

Let’s take a look at some of the interesting discussions these policymakers had regarding bitcoin.

Bitcoin isn’t money

The question at hand is not really whether political groups can accept bitcoin. In reality, there are other units of value that groups already accept as in-kind donations; bitcoin should have a place not as money, but as a tradable instrument. It’s clear the FEC is making the assertion that, in its view, bitcoin is not money but a “thing of value” such as stock or a treasury bond. Lee Goodman, the vice chairman of the FEC said:

“The CAF does not need our permission to accept in-kind contribution of things of value, including bitcoins.”

He continued: “I think the legal question for the FEC is quite vanilla. The legal analysis starts with the clear and unambiguous statutory right that Mr Backer’s client has to give and receive contributions. There’s no debate about that. Contributions are defined as anything of value.”

“Bitcoins clearly are things of value to many people. They have purchasing value, they have trading value. They have US dollar exchange value. That makes bitcoins, in my mind, no different from any other in-kind contribution that political committees can give or receive today.”

He added: “There are any number of things of value that are like these bitcoins, and we have quite easily adapted our regulatory regime to regulate them. Many treasury bonds now are nothing more than an electronic transfer with an account number on them.”

Anonymity

However, as a result of this, CAF may not use bitcoins for disbursements (bitcoin being a thing of value and not cash money). Instead, CAF must sell its bitcoins and deposit the proceeds in a registered bank account in order to use them. That distinction is important, since the FEC is very concerned about anonymous political donations.

“Bitcoins are zipped electronically over the internet, from one bitcoin wallet to another bitcoin wallet. And There is concern that somehow that gives rise to potential anonymity and false reporting of the donor,” said Goodman.

It’s clear that the FEC’s job is to make sure that it can keep track of political donations, a serious concern for them regarding the usage of bitcoin.

“Congress, when it enacted the FEC, put in very low limits on donations that come in anonymously and donations that come in as cash. [Bitcoin] seems to share some of those features,” Weintraub commented.

According to commission member Matthew Petersen, the question of anonymity still remains an issue once a political group has received bitcoin. He noted that all four draft opinions on the subject deem the acceptance of BTC as fine, but the disbursement was another issue altogether. He said:

“All the drafts would allow the CAF to receive bitcoins as in-kind contributions, and then [the] question was, what could they do with them at that point?”

What happens next?

In the end, a motion to vote on one of the advisory opinions, Agenda Document No. 13-45-B (Draft D), failed to pass, with the votes split 3-3.

The cause can be attributed to some of the FEC’s leaders, who highlighed the need for more time and information during the hearing. Each member discussed the amount of consideration virtual currencies such as bitcoin take to fully understand, given the precarious circumstances of something like campaign finance law.

It’s possible that the FEC could reach some kind of temporary consensus before the end of the year. One proposed solution was to draft an advisory opinion that everyone could agree on, then allow it to expire at some point in the near future. One of the issues is that bitcoin’s status as a ‘thing of value’ could be problematic given “potential problems because of the volatility”, according to FEC member Caroline Hunter.

Weintraub, the chairwoman, suggested at the hearing that the FEC could “try and craft an interim policy” by the end of the year. Ultimately, the major concern now is that rules are put in place for the anonymity issues that surround bitcoin.

“We have a statue that requires transparency,” she said.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0136884-1f062aec0d9b39a22c2a5b561461d99d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003217 00000000000 015111  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Here’s a question you don’t hear in the breastfeeding debate: why doesn’t milk turn breasts to bone?

Charles Darwin suggested that lactation evolved through natural selection, starting when the ancestors of mammals gained a nutritional advantage from lapping up sweat-like secretions from glands under their mothers’ skin.

This idea had some grounding. Darwin would have studied monotremes – egg-laying mammals such as the echidna. Monotremes have nipple-less mammary patches, and these secrete a fluid that provides moisture to permeable eggs.

But milk contains 100 times the calcium of these gland secretions, and 1000 times the concentration of protein. Such an increase in calcium should cause calcification of the secretory gland, and the proteins in milk should form toxic fibrils.

Advertisement

Hard problem

In fact, it is a long-standing paradox that hard tissues such as bone calcify, whereas soft tissues do not – even though both tissues are fed by the same extracellular fluid.

To find out what was going on, Carl Holt at the University of Glasgow, UK, and John Carver from the University of Adelaide, Australia, built 3D models of the interaction between ions and proteins in biological fluids.

They found that caseins, nutritional proteins in milk, help to prevent calcium build-up by capturing calcium phosphate and squirrelling it away inside molecular aggregates called micelles.

Holt and Carver say that the concentration of these spherical micelles in milk may have increased over evolutionary time, producing a progressively more nutritious fluid.

Journal reference: Journal of Evolutionary Biology, DOI: 10.1111/j.1420-9101.2012.02509.x                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0136812-5f6f3df3896c367d5de01e10a4886f8d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000031443 00000000000 015143  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The War On Gays

By Chris Hedges

29 May, 2012

TruthDig.com

The sentencing of Dharun Ravi for the hateful abuse that may have driven his gay roommate at Rutgers, Tyler Clementi, to commit suicide, or Barack Obama’s public acceptance of gay marriage, prevents many of us from seeing that life for gays, lesbians, bisexuals and transgender people is getting worse—much worse.

No one understands this better than the gay activist and pastor Mel White. White, along with his husband and partner of 30 years, Gary Nixon, founded Soulforce, an organization committed to using nonviolent resistance to end religion-based oppression. White and hundreds of Soulforce volunteers protest outside megachurches that preach hatred and bigotry in the name of religion. White travels to communities where young gays, lesbians, bisexuals or transgender people have committed suicide. He holds memorial services for them in front of the church doors. He accuses the pastors of these churches of murder. His books “Stranger at the Gate: To Be Gay and Christian in America” and “Holy Terror: Lies the Christian Right Tell Us to Deny Gay Equality,” are two of the most important works that examine the innate cruelty and proto-fascism of the Christian right. White, more than perhaps any other preacher in the country, has pulled young men and women back from the brink of despair, from succumbing to the tragic fate of Tyler Clementi. And White is scared.

“What kind of environment creates a Dharun Ravi who would carry out that kind of bullying, as well as a kid like Tyler who would become a victim of that kind of bullying?” White asked when I reached him by phone at his home in Long Beach, Calif. “It is society. At its heart it is the church. The churches should be convicted, not just Ravi. He’s just an extension of the hatred that people feel about this threat, this gay threat. Pope Benedict XVI should be on trial. Richard Land from the Southern Baptists should be on trial. Religious leaders, Protestant and Catholic, should be on trial. They made this happen, but too few Americans make the connection.”

White applauds President Obama for taking a personal stand for marriage equality. But he also notes that the president’s statement was accompanied by a reiteration that states have the right to determine their own policies toward marriage.

Despite gains by gays in the wider culture, especially in the entertainment industry, and despite the repeal of “don’t ask, don’t tell,” the civil rights of gays, lesbians, bisexuals and transgender people in most states are deteriorating, White said.

“Married gays in the military are miserable,” White said. “They can get married, but they can’t have any of the rights of other married military members, including housing or travel. They can give their lives but they get so little in return.”

“Class difference is at the heart of understanding sexism and homophobia,” White said. “Class difference is based on sexism. It is based on homophobia. It is based on men who want to stay in power. And men who want to stay in power go to church. They sit in the front pews. They are generous, loving and faithful. They give away a tiny little bit to keep these churches going. Which is why I stand with the Occupy movement. At least I know I’m with people who will be on my side.”

White and Nixon left Virginia for California a few weeks ago because the culture, he says, had become increasingly inhospitable to gay couples. In distressed communities across the country there is a correlating rise in intolerance, hate talk and homophobia.

“When I moved to Lynchburg it was a blue city, in spite of Liberty University being there,” White said. “We had an amazing progressive woman, Shannon Valentine, as our state representative. She visited our home. We had a progressive mayor and a progressive City Council. In 2008 everything went to hell. Our new attorney general, Ken Cuccinelli, is crazy. He talks about putting cameras up vaginas [as part of a trans-vaginal ultrasound procedure that would be required by law of all women seeking abortions]. We had so many possibilities until 2008. Then it suddenly ended. Unfortunately, more and more this is reflected across the country. The reversal came with the collapse of our financial system. Suddenly everything blue was seen as costing too much money, including helping the poor. There was a revolt led by Fox News and its allies. It’s difficult to find a restaurant or bar in Lynchburg that isn’t playing Fox News. People quote Fox as though Fox is the arbiter of truth. In fact, Fox is the enemy.”

The long-term unemployment, the collapse of housing prices, the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the draconian cuts in social spending have created a climate in which the vulnerable, the different, the marginal—from Muslims to undocumented workers to homosexuals—are blamed for the nation’s decline, White argues. This climate is fueling a culture of hate. Right-wing candidates, channeling the rage and frustration of a beleaguered working and middle class, use marginal and oppressed groups as scapegoats. And, White says, those who disseminate this culture of hate lie about the positions and records of liberal elected officials such as Shannon Valentine.

“The lies against her were heinous,” White said, “but the Christian right is convinced that if you have a call to save the nation you are allowed to lie, because the ends justify the means. Jerry Falwell lied on a regular basis. We lost Shannon Valentine. We lost so much that was good about our state after that election. And this is true almost everywhere.”

The culture of hate feeds off the frustrations and feelings of betrayal among the impoverished, the unemployed, the underemployed and the hopeless. And the longer the expanding underclass is ignored, the longer we refuse to define what is happening to us in our corporate state as a vicious class struggle, the more the culture of hate spreads. The dwindling culture of tolerance, confined now mostly to white, urban, college-educated members of the middle class, because that group refuses to engage in the struggle of class warfare, unwittingly abets the economic dislocation that is empowering the increasingly potent culture of hate.

“Progressives ought to move out of New York immediately,” White went on. “Gay people should evacuate the major cities to see what life is like for gays in rural areas. The urban centers of the gay community are too isolated from wider reality. Many in these [urban] communities do not seem to care about reality. Gay people can survive, unfortunately, without paying attention to reality, especially if we’re white and male. If you’re white and male you often can pass.”

“You see Ellen DeGeneres, the most popular talk show, or you see Queen Latifah leading this week’s gay pride parade [May 20] in Long Beach, and you think all is well,” White said. “But you have to remember that in the local Baptist church, or among any of the 15 million Southern Baptist congregants, people see Ellen and Queen Latifah as a threat to family values. What we count as a forward step, they count as evil. They see it as more gay people getting power. We may watch the same television programs. But while we cheer the presence of an openly gay woman or man on television there are large numbers of people in Virginia and other states who see these public affirmations as another step towards the country’s oblivion.”

White fears that the vast sums of money available to the Christian right and groups such as the tea party (which he sees as an extension of the Christian right) are solidifying institutions from universities to media outlets in the propagation of this culture of hate. White, before he accepted his homosexuality as a gift from God, ghost-wrote autobiographies for Christian-right leaders including Falwell. White and Nixon, knowing that White’s old clients were the primary sources of anti-gay rhetoric, moved to Lynchburg. They set up house across the street from Falwell’s megachurch. They attended services and stood together in silent protest as Falwell delivered anti-gay rants from the pulpit. White watched as Liberty University rose to dominate Lynchburg.

“Liberty University is funded by fundamentalist billionaires, like the man who owns Hobby Lobby, like Chick-fil-A and the fundamentalist author who wrote these terrible books, the ‘Left Behind’ series, Tim LaHaye,” White said. “These guys are giving tens of millions of dollars to institutions such as Liberty. They see the Liberty Universities of the world as the Koch brothers do, as the bastions of training for the new Americans. They are brainwashing young people whom they hope will guide us away from the precipice of liberalism.”

Liberty is one of the fastest-growing universities in America. It has 50,000 students, on campus or taking degrees through online courses. The university built a 24-hour, all-seasons ski resort, the first in the nation. It has an Olympic-size pool and an Olympic-style ice rink. It has an accredited law school. Its debate team often beats major Ivy League teams. It is putting in a medical school. This is also a university that teaches that the oldest fossils date from only 6,000 years ago. It produces Ph.D.s who believe exclusively in creationism, reject evolution and deny that global warming exists. And it is a university that is openly hostile to gays, lesbians, bisexuals and those who are transgender.

“By the time Gary and I moved away from Lynchburg a majority of Virginians seemed to be turning against gay people,” White said. “They passed a constitutional amendment against marriage equality and new laws saying we cannot adopt [children] or provide foster care. More than half the people of Virginia seem to see us as the enemy.”

As the economy unravels, as hundreds of millions of Americans confront the fact that things will not get better, life for those targeted by this culture of hate will become increasingly difficult. Rational debate will prove useless. “Fundamentalists aren’t interested in data,” White said. “They are not influenced by truth, including scientific, psychological, psychiatric or historic truth. They are not influenced by a personal experience with truth. The Bible is more important. Verses are taken out of context to condemn even sons and daughters. How do you oppose that?”

“We have 29 states that do not outlaw discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation,” White said. “Transgender Americans are invariably the worst victims of discrimination and violence. And yet there are 44 states that do not outlaw discrimination on the basis of gender identity. There are 44 states that have laws or constitutional amendments denying us the rights of marriage, claiming our relationships are unholy, that we’re sick and icky,” White said. “And Mr. Obama has just said marriage equality is up to the [individual] states. A majority of the states have already decided against us. If you ask a gay person in New York ‘Can we adopt?’ he will respond of course we can adopt. Can we provide foster care? Of course we can provide foster care. Can we get jobs equally? Of course we can, especially if we are white and male. But with all the progress we have made, 44 states still see us as the enemy. Add a few more states to this list and it is over. How awful it will be if these restrictions make their way to states such as Connecticut, New York and California. Remember, California is going down the tubes financially. And the fear about the nation’s financial future is the engine that drives all of this.”

“Too many of my sisters and brothers in the gay community don’t seem to understand the power of religion,” White lamented. “They have been rejected by religion. They hate the idea of religion. Therefore, they’re not going to deal with religion, which is fatal, because religion is the heart of homophobia. Without religion there would be no homophobia. What other source of homophobia is there but six verses in the Bible? When Bible literalists preach that LGBT people are going to hell they become Christian terrorists. They use fear as their weapon, like all terrorists. They are seeking to deny our religious and civil rights. They threaten to turn our democracy into a fundamentalist theocracy. And if we don’t reverse the trend there is the very real possibility that in the end we will all be governed according to their perverted version of biblical law.”

Chris Hedges, whose column is published Mondays on Truthdig, spent nearly two decades as a foreign correspondent in Central America, the Middle East, Africa and the Balkans. He has reported from more than 50 countries and has worked for The Christian Science Monitor, National Public Radio, The Dallas Morning News and The New York Times, for which he was a foreign correspondent for 15 years

Copyright © 2012 Truthdig, L.L.C.







                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0136673-b9c3058dd18bf746d16cc99c02d677c8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012174 00000000000 015144  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        (Image: NetComm Wireless)

Australian telecommunications technology company NetComm Wireless has announced developing the world's first fibre-to-the-curb/distribution point (FttC/DP) network connection device (NCD).

NetComm's NCD incorporates a G.fast and VDSL modem and is able to monitor and report diagnostics on the performance of the line going into a premises.

The NCD is used in conjunction with NetComm's FttC distribution point unit (DPU), and includes a reverse-power feed allowing the DPU to be powered via the customer's premises.

NetComm CTO Steve Collins told ZDNet that the NCD brings FttC solutions up to the same point that fibre-to-the-premises (FttP) is at, in that it powers the DPU and provides the modem to the end user, with retail service providers then simply connecting them.

"The NCD in our opinion completes the ecosystem of what the distribution point unit set out to solve," Collins told ZDNet on Monday.

"If you're looking at fibre to the home, you get a fibre going in and then you have a product that goes into your home called an ONT -- optical network termination -- and the ONT converts a fibre into an Ethernet signal," he explained.

"With fibre to the DP historically, that product didn't exist; you had this distribution point product in the pit out the front of your house, it delivered VDSL or it delivered G.fast into your home, and then you had to ... supply a modem into the home. You'd need a reverse-powered unit and you'd need a modem into the home.

"The NCD closes that loop."

Building in reverse power capabilities and the VDSL/G.fast modem makes FttC easily deliverable to the home in an "all-in-one product", he explained.

"[It] gives you an Ethernet port just like an ONT would for a fibre-to-the-home solution," Collins added.

"So that integration of the reverse power and the modem in one product, and the software that's in that product to be able to be managed and controlled by the network operator to offer a network grade solution to the home, we feel it is quite unique."

NetComm has already seen a "large" volume order for its NCD product from Australia's National Broadband Network (NBN) company, which it said is worth AU$66 million in revenue, including AU$40 million in incremental revenues within 18 months of launch.

"We now have this product in front of a number of customers, but NBN is the most mature customer that we have, really because NBN's going so early," Collins told ZDNet.

"We are in active discussions with Openreach at the moment about how that fibre to the DP product would take shape, and the NCD has been mentioned."

NetComm also expects NBN's volume order to grow over time, with Collins saying the latter will now undertake trials of the product inside its National Test Facility in Melbourne ahead of launch NBN's FttC launch in 2018.

In November last year, NBN had announced that NetComm Wireless would be supplying its FttC DPUs and related services. This was as a result of NetComm directly tendering for the FttC contract after NBN specifically asked it to take part, Collins told ZDNet earlier this year.

Under the deal, NetComm will supply NBN with one-port and four-port DPUs to be installed in pits outside premises to connect the legacy copper with fibre within NBN's FttC footprint of 1 million premises.

ZDNet revealed last year that NBN will be launching its FttDP network not with new G.fast as per its trials, but instead with old VDSL technology. It will enable G.fast before the end of next year.

FttC trials in the United Kingdom have seen NetComm's G.fast DPU attain 1.66Gbps aggregate speeds in partnership with Openreach using 40 metres of copper lead-in cable as well as spectrum frequency of up to 212MHz.

The NetComm DPU can be installed on either a telegraph pole or in a pit to provide aggregate gigabit speeds when within 150 metres of a premises, according to the company.

NetComm is also working with NBN on its fixed-wireless network, helping the broadband company attain gigabit speeds and developing a fixed-wireless network terminating device that allows a 100/40Mbps fixed-wireless product.

The company's fixed-wireless solution is also being rolled out across 18 states in the United States in partnership with AT&T.

Related Coverage

Vodafone launches NBN services

Customers whose premises are ready for service across Sydney, Melbourne, Canberra, Newcastle, and Geelong are now able to order an NBN service from Vodafone.

ACCC appoints SamKnows to monitor NBN speeds

SamKnows will be monitoring fixed-line NBN speeds for the next four years, while the ACCC has said only Telstra and Optus have made changes to their advertising based on its guidance in August.

ACCC examines Telstra FttC migration plan

Telstra has submitted a proposed variation to its plan for migrating customers off existing broadband services onto the NBN to make way for fibre-to-the-curb technology.

NBN HFC pause will cost Telstra AU$600m in FY18 EBITDA

The decision by NBN to pause its HFC rollout while it repairs network issues will cost Telstra AU$600 million in EBITDA, AU$700 million in total income, AU$200 million in free cashflow, and AU$600 million in net one-off NBN receipts over FY18, the telco has said.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0136728-f575c527439ea68f724184fc9094ddbf.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007474 00000000000 015104  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Republic Wireless

Republic Wireless aims to shake up the wireless industry with new service plans that actually pay customers for data they didn't use that month.

"If you're using a different amount of data each month, why should you pay the same price each month for it?" David Morken, CEO of Republic Wireless, said in an interview Monday. "The entire industry needs to be challenged. Customers should only be charged for what they use."

Available this summer, the new plans will give customers a credit on their month for any portion of their data plan they didn't use. That's in contrast to plans from the likes of AT&T, the second largest wireless carrier in the US, which will let wireless customers roll unused data into the next month.

Republic Wireless is a small wireless operator that uses both Wi-Fi hotspots and traditional cell phone networks to deliver voice and data service for smartphones at a much reduced price compared with plans from larger rivals. The company came on the mobile scene in 2012 with the introduction of a $19 a month wireless service. Republic can offer such low prices because its customers are using a Wi-Fi network most of the time. When Wi-Fi isn't available, Republic leases capacity from a wireless provider, allowing Republic's customers to seamlessly roam onto a cellular network.

Now, the company believes its new pricing model will offer yet another reason for consumers to ditch the big wireless operators -- AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile and Sprint -- for its service.

Customers will get unlimited voice and text messaging service and will buy a "bucket" of data much like they do when subscribing to a larger carrier's service. That bucket applies only to data customers use while roaming on a 3G or 4G cellular network. All usage on a Wi-Fi network is unlimited and included in the cost of the service.

This is a drastic departure from how the wireless industry has operated in recent years. All major carriers offer plans that include a bucket of data that can be used by an individual or shared among multiple subscribers. Customers who exceed their limits are either billed for the overage or have their service slowed. In the past six months, however, AT&T and T-Mobile introduced plans that let customers rollover unused data.

AT&T's Mobile Share Value plan -- introduced in January -- allows customers to add unused data to their monthly data cap the following month. That data is available only until the next billing cycle ends. T-Mobile's offer introduced late last year is available to customers who sign up for 3GB of data or more a month and allows customers to bank unused data for up to 12 months.

Morken said these new plans are a good start, but they don't give wireless subscribers what they want: to pay only for the data they use. "It just doesn't make sense," he said. "They should be giving you money back. And that's what we will do."

"What would you do if you have extra gas at the end of the month?" he asked. "Would you take a long road trip to burn through it? No, that's insane. And it's crazy that people pay for mobile data every month that they don't use."

While Republic Wireless hasn't released details of the new plans, Morken said they will be available for new and existing subscribers starting in June. As part of this move, Republic is eliminating its $25 unlimited data plan. Credits for unused data will offer bigger savings, said Morken, although current subscribers can keep this plan if they wish.

Republic also announced Monday that it has added roaming access to a second cellular network. The company currently allows roaming onto Sprint's 3G and 4G wireless networks. While Morken did not identify the new provider, he did say customers will need a new device to access that provider's voice and data services. Those devices are expected to be available late this year or early 2016, Morken said.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    