0003007-beb4b1721bcdfbe5143c16380d21529f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010373 00000000000 015137  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        EXPLAIN IT WITH MOLECULES-- SOAP MOLECULE What is Soap?



Soaps are mixtures of sodium or potassium salts of fatty acids which can be derived from oils or fats by reacting them with an alkali (such as sodium or potassium hydroxide) at 80°–100 °C in a process known as saponification. fat + NaOH ---> glycerol + sodium salt of fatty acid CH 2 -OOC-R - CH-OOC-R - CH 2 -OOC-R (fat) + 3 NaOH ( or KOH) both heated ---> CH 2 -OH -CH-OH - CH 2 -OH (glycerol) + 3 R-CO 2 -Na (soap) R=(CH 2 ) 14 CH 3 Note about 3D molecules -- Our files on this page now use Jsmol instead of Jmol . These files make use of Javascript which permits viewing of molecules on tablets, phones and easier use on Macs. - Jsmol is best viewed with the Chrome browser. Try this!! Click the right mouse button with the cursor over the image--> Labels --> Element Symbols Click on the left mouse button and rotate the soap structure. Notice that one end of the molecules is made up of a hydrocarbon chain -- the other end is a very polar structure containing oxygen and sodium. Soap molecules have both properties of non-polar and polar at opposite ends of the molecule. How does Soap Work? Nearly all compounds fall into one of two categories: hydrophilic ('water-loving') and hydrophobic ('water-hating'). Water and anything that will mix with water are hydrophilic. Oil and anything that will mix with oil are hydrophobic. When water and oil are mixed they separate. Hydrophilic and hydrophobic compounds just don't mix. The cleansing action of soap is determined by its polar and non-polar structures in conjunction with an application of solubility principles. The long hydrocarbon chain is non-polar and hydrophobic (repelled by water). The "salt" end of the soap molecule is ionic and hydrophilic (water soluble). When grease or oil (non-polar hydrocarbons) are mixed with a soap- water solution, the soap molecules work as a bridge between polar water molecules and non-polar oil molecules. Since soap molecules have both properties of non-polar and polar molecules the soap can act as an emulsifier. An emulsifier is capable of dispersing one liquid into another immiscible liquid. This means that while oil (which attracts dirt) doesn't naturally mix with water, soap can suspend oil/dirt in such a way that it can be removed. The soap will form micelles (see below) and trap the fats within the micelle. Since the micelle is soluble in water, it can easily be washed away. [Micelle shown using the Jsmol

Molecular dynamics simulations of dodecylphosphocholine

D. P. Tieleman, D. van der Spoel, H.J.C. Berendsen] --File shown without water molecules When you mix soap into the water the soap molecules arrange themselves into tiny clusters (called 'micelles'). The water-loving (hydrophilic) part of the soap molecules points outwards, forming the outer surface of the micelle. The oil-loving (hydrophobic) parts group together on the inside, where they don't come into contact with the water at all. Micelles can trap fats in the center. Try this ---> click right mouse button over image --> spin --> on Micelle (above) shown with water molecules. Multiple Choice Questions 1. Water is considered a polar molecule because

a) the molecule has a net positive charge

b) the molecule has a net negative charge

c) the molecule has a net zero charge

d) the ends of the molecule have partial negative and positive charges 2. Soap is formed from:

a) two hydrophobic compounds

b) a physical change when fats are heated

c) two hydrophilic compounds

d) oils or fats by reacting them with an alkali 3. Which statement is correct about hydrophobic and hydrophilic compounds

a) hydrophilic are water-hating and hydrophobic water-loving

b) hydrophilic are water-loving and hydrophobic water-hating

c) both hydrophobic and hydrophilic compounds are polar molecules

d) both hydrophobic and hydrophilic compounds are non-polar molecules 4. Soap acts by

a) digesting the fat molecules

b) forming micelles and trapping the fat within the micelles

c) releasing sodium and potassium into water

d) a chemical change 5. Which of the following statements is not correct

a) the soap molecules work as a bridge between polar water molecules and non-polar oil molecules

b) soap forms micelles

c) soap is an emulsifier

d) soap is made of just carbon and hydrogen atoms



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0003075-1589dcbe4c90102ce11e9d42f6c7129e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010066 00000000000 015105  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        When you’re depressed, it’s easy to lie in bed and consider staying there forever – here are some suggestions for owning the world you might be scared of

Text Beth McColl

I wasted most of my time when I was depressed. I stared at walls instead of doing my essays. I got in from work and lay face-down on the floor instead of getting started on dinner, putting my clothes in the wash, or calling someone who loved me. I watched two seasons of Nashville before I realise how much I hated Nashville. Then I watched the third season of Nashville. It was so fucked up. Point is – in the midst of soul-crushing depression, wasting time is easy. It’s understandable. When you’re in the deepest dark of depression your only job is to survive. It’s enough to begin and end each day alive. Getting out of bed is almost impossible, getting a glass of water takes 45 minutes. You weigh up the pros and cons of leaving your room to pee. ‘Could I pee in that cup?’ you think. ‘Is that a thing I could do?’ But what about after? What about when the depression lifts – and it will lift, it will, it will. What about then, when you’re standing almost healed among the wreckage, wondering how to begin building it into a life worth living? This was me last year. I’d gotten over the worst of the breakup that felt like it would kill me. I was taking my Prozac on time, every day. I was putting an end to those harmful behaviours that had kept me locked in a depressive state for two years. I was eating. I was taking walks. Basically, I was only a little bit depressed, instead of full blown suicidal. Progress, sure, but six months after this turning point, I was still sort of in the same place. My self-destructive behaviours had morphed into inertia. I was so afraid of ever going back to The Worst Place that I didn’t dare to take any risks on myself, didn’t dare to take a step forward in case I stumbled and brought the world crashing back down. I didn’t write, I didn’t date. In short, I didn’t Do. But here’s the thing. The best of life is in the Doing. It’s in the Deciding To Apply For That Job. It’s in the Finally Learning How To Knit. It’s in the Healing. It’s in the Getting Up Everyday To Do Yoga. We could do these things, right? We survived the worst of the worst, these things should be easy. So why aren’t we doing them right now? Why are we keeping them undone? Maybe it’s because we’re avoidant idiots with hearts of gold. Maybe it’s because we’re just not ready (which is fine). But maybe it’s simply because, undone, they can’t be proven undoable. It’s like the promise of a feast at the end of a long day. It both starves and sustains us. And the real terror is that you can stay hungry forever. It’s a possibility. It happens. What’s to stop it happening to you?

IT’S YOU THAT DECIDES IT CAN’T HAPPEN You can calmly accept that, if you want to have something, you will need to reach out and take it. You will have to fill your own belly with food. It is as terrifying and as easy as that. Your best life will not be handed to you by the universe. But that’s OK. Because the universe doesn’t know what you want. The universe is like that great aunt you have who smells like medicine and knits you a jumper for Christmas that’s two sizes too big and has three sleeves and says ‘From Your Aunt Morgaret’ on the front even though that’s not her name. That’s nobody’s name. MAKE LISTS Take it as lightly as you can. Be nice to yourself. Hold your own hand. Understand that these are things that need to happen. They’re things that can happen. You can make the phone calls you need to make, you can fill out the forms that need filling in, you can learn what needs to be learned. You can push through the panic and do what you need to move forward. You can do these things, not because the world will fall apart if you don’t, but because you are as important as any other person on this planet, and your life will be better and more enjoyable if you try your best to get to where you want to be. Also because it’s what Aunt Morgaret would have wanted.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003027-ec29478e773d526e085f385c18b022a2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002650 00000000000 014673  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Hawaii may have been the fiftieth state to join the U.S., but when the calendar flips over to 2016 after midnight tonight, it will become the first state to raise the legal smoking age to 21.

Back in April, Consumerist reported that Hawaii was poised to become the first state to raise the minimum age for smoking to 21 after a bill changing the age requirements passed the Hawaii Legislature. Governor David Ige then signed the bill, which bars people under the age of 21 from smoking, buying, or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes.

Anyone caught in violation of the law would be fined $10 for the first offense, with subsequent incidents prompting a $50 fine or mandatory community service.

Businesses that are caught selling tobacco products to people under the age of 21 will be fined $500 for their first violation and up to $2,000 for subsequent offenses, Buzzfeed News reports.

While Hawaii is the first state to raise the legal smoking age to 21, a number of municipalities, including Hawaii County and New York City, have done so on a local level. Washington state, Utah, and Colorado have also considered boosting the legal minimum age.

Proponents of such laws say raising the legal age to buy cigarettes to 21 would result in fewer smokers. In Hawaii, the state’s Department of Health says 5,600 kids try smoking every year, with 90% of daily smokers starting the habit before they turn 19.

[via BuzzFeed News]                                                                                        0003032-111714087710c2b8de8e8c454040b205.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003452 00000000000 014476  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Croatia's independent presidential candidate Bandic talks to his supporters after release of first unofficial results at his campaign headquarters in Zagreb Thomson Reuters ZAGREB (Reuters) - Croatian anti-graft police arrested the mayor of Zagreb, Milan Bandic, and several of his associates on Sunday on suspicion of corruption and abuse of office, Croatian media reported.

The police and the state prosecutor said only that several people from the Zagreb administration had been arrested but did not name them, in line with usual practice.

But all local media and the national televisions named Bandic as one of those arrested. Reports have linked Bandic to a number of corruption probes in the past decade but he has never been interrogated or detained until now.

"After several months of a complex criminal investigation, several persons have been arrested on suspicion of illegal activities in the city of Zagreb and the Zagrebacki Holding (the city's company in charge of communal services)," the state prosecutor's office DORH said in a statement on its website.

It gave no details of possible charges, saying only that "a number of corruption crimes are being investigated".

Bandic, a former Social Democrat who left the party in 2009 to run as an independent candidate in the presidential election that year, has been at the helm of the Croatian capital since 2000.

Zagreb has almost a quarter of the country's 4.4 million people and is the financial and economic capital of the former Yugoslav republic, which joined the EU in July last year.

Croatia launched an extensive anti-corruption drive in 2010 to boost its faltering EU membership bid. It has since tried and convicted several top state officials, including the former Prime Minister Ivo Sanader.

(Reporting by Zoran Radosavljevic; editing by Andrew Roche)                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0003115-49d2c91cf61f830b322ef5c31e3826a5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004051 00000000000 015013  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        'Pray at the Pump' activist: 'We shall overcome' high gas prices Nick Langewis

Published: Sunday August 17, 2008





Print This Email This Divine intervention, not the market, is bringing gas prices down, one campaigner says. 59-year-old Rocky Twyman of Rockville, Maryland has garnered worldwide attention after holding prayer meetings at gas stations across the United States since April as part of his "Pray at the Pump" drive. Recently, to celebrate a drop in the average price of gasoline to $3.80 a gallon, Twyman led a group meeting at their inaugural Washington service station, singing a version of "We Shall Overcome" whose words were changed to "We'll have to lower gas prices." "We believe not just in prayer," Twyman said, "because we believe that faith without works is dead. So we've encouraged people to car-pool more and organise their days more, because it's a combination of faith with these other factors." "God is the only one we can turn to at this point," Twyman said during an April stop in San Francisco. "Take it to the real CEO," Alabama DJ Todd Baker said during a recent prayer session at a Huntsville Texaco station on the heels of ExxonMobil's posting of a second-quarter profit of about $11.7 billion. Twyman also recently prayed for Tonight Show host Jay Leno, who mentioned him in a July 29 monologue: "Hey, have you heard about this group called Prayer at the Pump? They're a prayer group that sprang up, and they go to gas stations and they hold hands and they pray for lower gas prices. Otherwise known as the Bush energy plan." Twyman's involvement in the community also includes the recruitment of about 14,000 minority individuals into the national bone marrow registry since 1992, for which he received honors from Montgomery County, Maryland in April. He also led a petition drive in 2005 to nominate Oprah Winfrey for the Nobel Peace Prize. "We're just really impressed," Twyman told People Magazine, "with what she has done to raise the level of consciousness about hunger, poverty, homeless, women's issues and, of course, the issue of AIDS."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0003003-c38bf101ef6e624dc298cd488d6ec7d8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005653 00000000000 015265  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A team of hackers that target governments, the military and journalists has turned its attention to the iPhone, according to Trend Micro.

The computer security company says it has discovered new spyware that infects iPhones, gathers large amounts of personal information and sends it to a remote server.

The spyware, called XAgent, is delivered via a phishing attack using a technique called island hopping. In that, the phones of friends and associates of the true target are first infected and then used to pass on the spyware link. It’s based on the assumption that the target is more likely to click on links from people they know than from strangers.

Once installed, XAgent will collect text messages, contact lists, pictures, geo-location data, a list of installed apps, a list of any software processes that are running and the WiFi status of the device. That information is packaged and sent to a server operated by the hackers. XAgent is also capable of switching on the phone’s microphone and recording everything it hears.

XAgent runs on both iOS 7 and iOS 8 phones, whether they’ve been jailbroken or not. It is most dangerous on iOS 7 since it hides its icon to evade detection.

On iOS 8 it isn’t hidden and needs to be manually launched each time the phone is rebooted—a process that would require the user to purposely reinfect their phone each time. For that reason, Trend Micro believes the spyware was written before iOS 8 was launched last year.

Serenity Caldwell The iPhone 6 running iOS 8.

While close to three quarters of Apple mobile devices are using iOS 8, a quarter are still running iOS7, according to data published by Apple this week.

“We’ve been monitoring the actors behind this for quite some time,” said Jon Clay, senior manager of Global Threat communication at Trend Micro, in a phone interview. “The criminals have introduced [the iOS app] as part of their campaign to move further into the [targeted] organization, using this rather than PC malware.”

While the identity of the hackers isn’t known, Trend Micro says it believes those behind what it calls “Operation Pawn Storm” to be a pro-Russian group. Past targets have included military organizations, defense contractors, embassies and media groups.

Clay says the group might have targeted iOS because it discovered or assumed that a lot of its targets use Apple devices, either as work phones or secondary personal devices.

Security software such as that offered by Trend Micro will detect XAgent, he said. Users can also look through phone logs, but manual detection of the spyware is quite difficult.

His best advice is the same that’s been offered for years: don’t click on links that appear to be suspicious, especially when they involve downloading software or entering passwords.

“The good thing for users is that this isn’t something that can be automatically done,” he said. “There are steps you have to do as a user to install this.”                                                                                     0003120-c24396a2171e7bf19b10ecb78ca3ccb4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003471 00000000000 015221  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Republican lawmakers are threatening to put the nation’s financial health at risk over a ritual vote to raise the debt ceiling, but they don’t actually object to throwing away money. Case in point: they seem to relish spending taxpayer dollars on the plainly unconstitutional Defense of Marriage Act.

The 1996 law prohibits federal recognition of marriages between people of the same sex. It was signed – to his shame – by President Bill Clinton, and for years the government defended DOMA in court against lawsuits. But in 2011 President Obama instructed the Justice Department to relent – after Justice concluded that the law was not constitutional.



Cue the budget-conscious Republicans on Capitol Hill, who authorized the spending of up to $2.75 million in public funds to hire lawyers to defend DOMA on their behalf. Apparently, that was not a big enough check, so on Jan. 4, the House Republicans raised the fee ceiling to $3 million.

On Tuesday, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Minority Whip Steny Hoyer sent a letter to Speaker John Boehner protesting the spending, which the G.O.P. leadership somehow forgot to mention at any of the dozens of press conferences they’ve held to preach the gospel of fiscal responsibility.

“This clandestine commitment of taxpayer funds is highly irregular and objectionable, and it must end now,” they wrote, pointing out that defending DOMA is futile since it violates Constitutional guarantees of equal protection.

The Defense of Marriage Act is perhaps the last example of officially sanctioned discrimination in the United States. Until Congress repeals it or the Supreme Court strikes it down, a select group of Americans will be denied the benefits and recognition provided to all other married Americans, and state laws that allow gay unions will have only limited effect.                                                                                                                                                                                                       0003064-0002b4b322838fb31607518237006ab7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014272 00000000000 014414  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Senior citizens may stand to pay a substantial cost in lost services if Gov. Tom Corbett’s effort to privatize the Pennsylvania Lottery’s management goes nowhere.

Already, the costs of the consultants hired to assist the Corbett administration in that endeavor exceed $2.85 million, said Elizabeth Brassell, a spokeswoman for the Department of Revenue, which oversees the lottery.

Unless another funding source is found, that money will come out of the lottery profits that are used to pay for senior programs, she said.

To understand the impact that would have if it came out of the lottery fund, information available from the state indicates that $2.85 million is enough to:

Assist seniors in paying for 137,681 prescriptions through the PACE and PACENET programs,

Pay for 1.1 million free transit rides for seniors,

Provide 6,055 rebates through the state’s property tax and rent rebate programs, or

Cover 576 months of nursing home care, the equivalent of paying the tab for 48 people to stay in a nursing home for a year.

Brassell said the consultants’ tabs could grow even higher as the administration continues to explore ways to salvage the contract with United Kingdom-based Camelot Global Services PA, LLC, that Attorney General Kathleen Kane rejected in February.

Kane said the contract was unconstitutional and ran counter to state laws. But that didn’t deter Corbett.

Instead, he ordered his team to negotiate an extension on Camelot’s bid through June 30 and try to revise the contract to address Kane’s concerns without having to rebid the project.

The administration has touted the lottery management privatization as a way to generate $3 billion more for lottery-funded programs for a growing senior population over the next 20 years than the current public management would raise. By 2030, one in 4 people will be over the age of 65, according to Department of Aging.



If a contract with Camelot were executed, the private lottery manager would pick up the consultants’ fees. Brassell said that possibility should not be ruled out just yet.

But as it stands now, the commonwealth would be stuck paying the tab.

Senate Democratic Leader Jay Costa, D-Allegheny, is concerned about the rising costs that will grow the longer the Corbett administration spends trying to address the attorney general’s concerns.

“This is throwing good money after bad at the expense of our seniors,” Costa said. “We’d be better served as a commonwealth by pulling the plug on this and driving those resources back into programs for seniors.”

But Brassell said even if a contract is not executed with Camelot, “the payments to consultants would be justified by the insight the commonwealth gained through the process.”

She said all three of the firms that had expressed interest in the management contract proposed Keno as an opportunity to boost lottery sales and maximize profits.

“That industry unanimity and expertise is what ultimately led the administration to decide to pursue Keno,” Brassell said. “Once it's determined how best to approach Keno, that aspect alone stands to contribute about $200 million to lottery profits annually, once fully implemented.”

She said a number of other lessons have been learned from marketing and product mix to expanding the player base from the money spent on this pursuit that will benefit the lottery whether it moves forward under public or private management.

House Republican spokesman Steve Miskin said the administration’s ultimate goal was to grow lottery profits to support services for an increasing senior population.

“If you keep the status quo as Democrats are advocating, money is going to run out very soon,” Miskin said.

To date, neither legal consultant DLA Piper of Baltimore, Md., nor financial consultant Greenhill & Co. of Chicago have been paid, Brassell said.

But their meters are running.

For work performed through mid-March, she said DLA Piper’s costs are in the neighborhood of $2 million. And the firm continues to advise the commonwealth through the contract revision, Brassell said.

“We won’t know exactly what will be paid to them until their work on the project is complete,” she said. “We can’t say at this point exactly how much they are owed or will be paid.”

As for Greenhill, its contract was built around payments tied to the project achieving certain milestones. At this point, Brassell said it is owed $850,000.

But if a contract were to be executed with Camelot, Greenhill – a firm where former Gov. Ed Rendell serves as a senior adviser – stands to receive a success fee that will be in the millions.

Administration officials have said all consulting fees would be no more than $30 million if a privatization contract is executed.

Not included in the $2.85 million tab are the additional legal fees being paid to the Philadelphia law firm Blank Rome. That is the firm the administration hired to defend it in a pending lawsuit filed by the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees Council 13, some Democratic lawmakers and senior citizens over the lottery privatization.

That firm’s contract is for $200,000 and to date, it has been paid $116,504 out of the lottery fund, Brassell said.

That amount is enough to cover 5,628 prescriptions through the PACE/PACENET program, 46,415 free transit rides for seniors, 247 property tax and rent rebates, or nearly a full year of nursing home care for two individuals.

The Pennsylvania Area Agencies on Aging was among the senior citizen organizations that supported the privatization pursuit as a way to boost lottery profits.

But Crystal Lowe, executive director of the Pennsylvania Association of the Area Agencies on Aging, said the $3 million spent on consultants would go a long way to whittling down the 6,200 to 6,400 seniors on a waiting list for Area Agency on Aging services.

Still, Lowe doesn’t fault the administration for hiring outside experts to help it work through the complicated privatization effort.

“I understand the need to get financial and legal expertise in order to do this,” she said. “The lottery is far too precious for it to be at risk. So many people depend on it and we don’t want to do anything that in the long-term compromises that.”



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0003086-47670c9b813c2edcecf5baa632a8061a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007002 00000000000 015230  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        To celebrate International Women’s Day 2017 we take a look at some inspirational and bold Welsh women from our history.

5. KATE ROBERTS

Kate Roberts was our “Queen of Letters” and one of ‘the most important Welsh woman of the 20th century’ according to her biographer Alan Llwyd.

She was a prominent author, a prolific journalist and a major benefactor. Kate Roberts was one of the earliest members of the National Party and was the owner of Y Faner. She served Wales on various committees and in eisteddfods, and was prominent in several national and local campaigns, including the one to establish Ysgol Twm o’r Nant school in Denbigh. She lived a varied and industrious life, but also a life that was filled with tragedy and sadness.

4. MARGARET JONES

Margaret Jones (1842-1902), was a woman from Rhosllannerchrugog, north Wales, who became famous in the nineteenth century as “The Welsh Lady from Canaan”. She travelled extensively and spent time living in Paris, Jerusalem, Morocco, the United States and Australia. She published two books of her observations, “Llythyrau Cymraes o Wlad Canaan [The Letters of a Welsh Lady from Canaan] (1869) and “Morocco, a’r hyn a welais yno” [Morocco, and what I saw there] (1883).

3. ZONIA BOWEN

Zonia Bowen is an Englishwoman who embraced the Welsh language and became a key figure in the period leading up to the establishment of Merched y Wawr. She came to Wales at age 17, married a Welsh man and learnt Welsh – well before the days of Welsh lessons for adults.

2. ESME KIRBY

Esmé Kirby was the conservationist who formed the Snowdonia National Park Society. Her career began as an actress, and at 23 she married Thomas Firbank, whose bestselling book, I Bought a Mountain (1940) tells of their married life at Dyffryn, a 3,000-acre farm near Capel Curig. Their marriage ended as the Second World War began but Esmé continued to farm on her own in the rugged Snowdonia landscape and made a success of it. She remarried and became a volunteer conservationist and formed the Snowdonia National Park Society, to ensure the mountains were protected from future development. The local farming community saw her strength and determination, and helped her to succeed… She made a success of Dyffryn against all the odds, leaving a lasting legacy.

1. KATE BOSSE GRIFFITHS

Kate Bosse-Griffiths, of German-Jewish descent, succeeded in fleeing from Germany to the Britain in 1937. She fell in love, married, began writing in Wales and established Cylch Cadwgan whilst the Nazis made life in Germany and Europe hell on Earth. Her family was persecuted. A few tried to become a part of the system, others struggled in spite of the system, and some self-sacrifed in opposition of the system.

In Oxford she met fellow Classics scholar and Egyptologist J. Gwyn Griffiths and they soon settled as a married couple in Rhondda where Kate established the Cadwgan Literary Circle. She fled the brutal regime of the Nazis and became one of Wales’ leading academic and literary figures.

The story would have been lost forever if it wasn’t for the thousand and more pages that have been kept by the family; letters, diaries and documents. They give an account of the attacks during Kristallnacht (The Night of Broken Glass), life under the insane regime, details of prison camps, fleeing to Shanghai, suicide, imprisonment and killing. Hers is a story of love and hatred, protection and persecution, yearning and terror during the most destructive period in European history.

Read more at

ylolfa.com

Advertisements                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0003131-2a3f5ff6ebfc77fbea97907459473bc8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003000 00000000000 015257  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        

The sounds a modern car makes are deliberate, designed, and a deception: the clicking of the turn signal isn't a mechanical tick-tock; it's an MP3 of a mechanical tick-tock, played back through hidden speakers. The engine's rumble is tuned with active noise-cancelling that mutes the tones that jangle the ears.

But as you reduce the speed that the drive shaft is rotating, you lower the frequency of the sound it’s making. There comes a lower limit where the engine is making what Gordon calls “groan-y and moan-y” noises which people find unpleasant. The car sounds broken. So cars had to keep the engine’s RPM above a certain level, hurting their fuel efficiency, or risk alienating customers.

GM’s solution was to implement active noise cancellation, the same technique used in some headphones to quiet ambient noise. Microphones in the body listen to the ambient sounds the car and engine are making, and the car plays the opposite of that over the vehicle’s speakers. The sound waves from the engine are cancelled out by the sound from the entertainment system, netting a quieter ride that can be more fuel efficient without being so bothersome.

Some sounds in the car are completely artificial. The telltale clicking of a turn signal was once an artifact of the mechanical process that turned the light on and off. But that mechanism has long since been replaced by an electronic circuit that operates silently. Still, audible feedback is valuable so the car plays an MP3 file of a turn signal over the speakers.0003036-b2ad3b424f4e59d9b92a98f06216d939.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000050243 00000000000 015041  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Sabrina Bicknell (1757 – 8 September 1843), better known as Sabrina Sidney, was a British foundling girl taken in when she was 12 by author Thomas Day, who wanted to mould her into his perfect wife. Day had been struggling to find a wife who would share his ideology and had been rejected by several women. Inspired by Jean-Jacques Rousseau's book Emile, or On Education, he decided to educate two girls without any frivolities, using his own concepts.

In 1769, Day and his barrister friend, John Bicknell, chose Sidney and another girl, Lucretia, from orphanages, and falsely declared they would be indentured to Day's friend Richard Lovell Edgeworth. Day took the girls to France to begin Rousseau's methods of education in isolation. After a short time, he returned to Lichfield with only Sidney, having deemed Lucretia inappropriate for his experiment. He used unusual, eccentric, and sometimes cruel, techniques to try to increase her fortitude, such as firing blanks at her skirts, dripping hot wax on her arms, and having her wade into a lake fully dressed to test her resilience to cold water.

When Sidney reached her teenage years, Day was persuaded by Edgeworth that his ideal wife experiment had failed and he should send her away, as it was inappropriate for Day to live with her unchaperoned. He then arranged for Sidney to undergo experimental vocational and residential changes—first attending a boarding school, then becoming an apprentice to a dressmaker family, and eventually being employed as Day's housekeeper. Having seen changes in Sidney, Day proposed marriage, though he soon called this off when she did not follow his strict instructions; he again sent her away, this time to a boarding house, where she later found work as a lady's companion.

In 1783, Bicknell sought out Sidney and proposed marriage, telling her the truth about Day's experiment. Horrified, she confronted Day in a series of letters; he admitted the truth but refused to apologise. Sidney married Bicknell, and the couple had two children before his death in 1787. Sidney went on to work with schoolmaster Charles Burney, managing his schools.

In 1804, Anna Seward published a book about Sidney's upbringing. Edgeworth followed up with his memoirs, in which he claimed Sidney loved Day. Sidney herself, on the other hand, said she was miserable with Day and that he treated her as a slave.

Early life [ edit ]

The now-demolished Foundling Hospital, where Sidney was abandoned

Sidney was born in 1757 in Clerkenwell, London, and was left at the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and Deserted Young Children (more commonly known as the Foundling Hospital) in London on 24 May 1757 by an anonymous individual. This person left a note explaining that the baby's baptismal name was Manima Butler and that she had been baptised in St James's Church, Clerkenwell. Her name was likely a misspelling of Monimia but there were no baptismal records for any spelling of the name at the parish.

One of the requirements of the Foundling Hospital was that babies were to be less than six months old at the time of admittance, but the hospital did not keep more accurate records of age. Another requirement was that foundlings were given a new name and a reference number, so Sidney became Girl Ann Kingston no. 4759. She was taken in by a wet nurse, Mary Penfold, who brought her to Wotton, Surrey, where she remained until 1759, when she was two years old. Although it was usual for foundlings to remain with their wet nurse until the age of five or six, the Foundling Hospital had received an influx of new babies and moved many children who no longer required nursing, including Sidney, to the Shrewsbury branch of the Foundling Hospital. The Shrewsbury building was not completed until 1765, so in the meantime Sidney and another foundling were cared for by a nurse, Ann Casewell, at her home.

Day's experiment [ edit ]

Background [ edit ]

Thomas Day in 1770

Thomas Day was a bachelor who had inherited his fortune from his father when he was an infant. Described as having a face pockmarked from smallpox, a brooding personality, and a short temper, Day attended Corpus Christi College, Oxford, to study philosophy. It was there that he decided to dedicate his life to becoming a virtuous man, shunning luxury and focusing on altruism. Around the same time he developed a list of requirements for his future wife, that she should be subservient and pure but also able to discuss philosophy and live without frivolities. These high standards, combined with his generally unlikeable personality, meant that his advances were rejected by several women while he was at university.

Day was introduced to the work of Jean-Jacques Rousseau by his friend Richard Lovell Edgeworth; the pair shared a particular affinity for Rousseau's work on education in the book Emile, or On Education. On leaving Oxford, Edgeworth and Day attempted to teach Edgeworth's first son, Dick, in the style of Emile, a learning-by-doing approach. Accompanying Edgeworth to Ireland as Dick's tutor, Day fell in love and was spurned first by Edgeworth's sister, and then by at least three other women in quick succession.

Day came to the conclusion that he would not be able to find a wife who would meet his high standards and largely blamed women's education for this. Inspired by the character of Sophie in Rousseau's Emile, he resolved to "create" his ideal wife by raising her from adolescence, using the techniques laid out in the book. Day was approaching financial independence, when he would have full access to the money left to him, and conspired with his barrister friend, John Bicknell, to find two girls who could be taken into his care to be groomed as a perfect wife.

Choosing the girls [ edit ]

Shrewsbury Orphan Hospital, which now forms part of Shrewsbury School

Just after Day's 21st birthday in June 1769, he and John Bicknell travelled to the Shrewsbury Orphan Hospital to choose the first girl for his experiment. Sidney was 12 years old at the time, described as "a clear auburn brunette, with darker eyes more glowing bloom and chestnut tresses". She was slender, and had long eyelashes and a pleasant voice. Day was struggling to choose a girl for the experiment, and Bicknell quickly picked her out. The pair did not tell the orphanage secretary, Samuel Magee, about the planned experiment. Instead they told him that she was to be indentured as a servant at Edgeworth's country house in Berkshire, waiving the £4 (equivalent to £545 in 2018) fee they would have received for the apprenticeship. In line with the orphanage's requirements that responsibility be held by a married man, Edgeworth would be legally accountable for Sidney, despite him not being present nor even aware of the arrangement.

The apprenticeship was approved by the governors of the orphanage on 30 June 1769; Day and Bicknell collected Sidney on 17 August. She was brought to lodgings in London, where she met Edgeworth for the first time. Day changed her name to Sabrina Sidney: Sabrina, the Latin name for the River Severn, which her orphanage overlooked; and Sidney after Algernon Sidney, one of Day's heroes. Day became a benefactor, and subsequently governor, of the Foundling Hospital, and on 20 September 1769 he chose another girl for his experiment, renaming her Lucretia after the Roman matron.

Day had Bicknell draw up a contract to define the terms of the girls' indenture. Within one year, he would choose which girl he intended to marry, and the other would be given as an apprentice to a woman in a trade, along with a fee of £100 (equivalent to £13,630 in 2018). He would give a further £400 (equivalent to £54,519 in 2018) upon the girl's marriage or if she were to start her own business. He would marry his intended bride or, if he decided not to, would gift her the sum of £500 (equivalent to £68,149 in 2018). Bicknell acted as guarantor for the contract.

Education in France [ edit ]

Day wished for the girls to be isolated from external influences while he educated them so, at the beginning of November 1769, he decided to move them to France. It is also possible that he did this to protect himself from the legal ramifications of his experiment, as well as societal gossip. The trio travelled over 600 miles to Avignon, renting a house in le quartier des fusteries. The girls could speak no French and Day employed no English-speaking servants, to be sure that he would be the only person to influence them.

Day focussed on the girls' education, in the style of Emile. He expanded on the teaching they had received from the Foundling Hospital in reading and basic arithmetic, and also taught them how to write. He believed that the girls should be able to manage the house, so they were charged with cooking and cleaning as well as other housework. Finally, he wanted to be able to debate complex concepts with them, so he taught them rudimentary theories in physics and geography, tasking them with observing the changing of the seasons, and recording details of sunrises and sunsets. He also imparted to them Rousseau's philosophical contempt for luxury.

During his stay in France, Day regularly corresponded with Edgeworth. He said that both girls were passionate about their studies, Sidney more so. Day also related anecdotes, one concerning a trip on the Rhone where the boat overturned and he rescued both girls single-handedly as neither could swim. He described an incident in which he challenged a French Army officer to a duel, even producing a set of dueling pistols, simply as a manner of engaging or encouraging conversation with his young students; the officer apologised and explained he did not mean any offence, calming the situation.

Accounts by 19th-century historians suggest that Day grew impatient with the girls when they became bored with their lessons and began to squabble, and that he also spent significant time nursing them through a bout of smallpox. These accounts may have been exaggerated as both girls had been inoculated against smallpox, and their strict upbringing meant they would not have rebelled excessively.

Return to England [ edit ]

While in France, Day struggled over which girl to choose to take forward with the experiment. Both were beautiful; Lucretia was more cheerful, Sidney more reserved and studious. The trio returned to England in spring 1770, by which time Day had finally decided that he would carry on with Sidney's training. Edgeworth explained that each of Day's projects with Sabrina had been successful, but he had come to the conclusion that Lucretia was "invincibly stupid". Day apprenticed Lucretia to a milliner in Ludgate Hill, and took Sidney to Stowe House in Lichfield, where her training could continue. The household would have had no more than a couple of servants, leaving Sidney to maintain the four floors of the house. Her tutoring continued at the same time, with one-on-one lessons from Day on a variety of subjects.

Stowe House, Day's Lichfield residence, viewed across Stowe Pool, the lake into which Sidney waded

Day extended his tutoring to fortify Sidney against hardship, again based upon his interpretation of Rousseau's Emile. The book explains the concept of "negative education", protecting a person from vices rather than teaching them virtues. Day interpreted this to mean that submitting Sidney to tests of endurance would help to create a woman with hardened nerves. One example given by Rousseau was helping Emile become accustomed to explosions such as fireworks by firing pistols with small amounts of powder near him, gradually increasing the amount of powder. Day, on the other hand, fired a pistol loaded with powder directly at Sidney's petticoat, not telling her that there was no shot in it.

In an attempt to increase her resistance to pain he would drop hot sealing wax on her back and arms or stick pins in her, commanding her not to cry out. He would test her ability to keep secrets by telling her that his life was in danger and she should tell no one. To increase her resistance to the cold, Day instructed Sidney to wade into Stowe Pool until the water reached her neck, then lie in the nearby meadow until her clothes and hair had dried in the sun. Finally, to test her resistance to luxury, he gave her a big box of handmade silk clothes and had her throw them on a fire. Day had limited success with these techniques. Sidney became able to endure hot wax dripped on her arm without flinching, but she did tell others of his secret techniques, and could not help screaming whenever he fired his gun at her.

During their time at Stowe House, Day introduced Sidney to members of the local intellectual circle, including the priest at Lichfield Cathedral, Thomas Seward. Seward and his wife hoped that Day might be a suitor for their daughter, Anna, and Anna's writings of the time show her interest in Day. Anna was also enchanted by Sidney, who became the link between Day and the Seward family. Anna took a keen interest in Sidney's story, as her father had taken in Honora Sneyd when Sneyd's mother had died.

Moving away from Day [ edit ]

Anna Seward, acquaintance of Day who questioned the propriety of his relationship with Sidney

By 1770, Sidney began to question Day's techniques and to complain about the chores she had to perform. In December, the propriety of Day's arrangement with Sidney was questioned by the local community, especially Anna Seward. Edgeworth joined Day for Christmas at Stowe, and convinced him that his experiment had been unsuccessful. He also persuaded Day that Sidney was too old to live with him without a chaperone. Day appeared to accept Edgeworth's point of view, as he paid for Sidney to attend Sutton Coldfield boarding school in Warwickshire early in 1771. She remained at the boarding school for three years, including weekends and holidays, with infrequent visits from Day. The school normally focused on preparing high society daughters for marriage, with subjects such as needlework and the arts. Day stipulated that she was to be taught academic subjects but should not dance or learn music.

In 1774, Day visited Sidney to inform her that she would be apprenticed to the Parkinsons, a family of dressmakers, as Day believed the profession would not expose her to temptation. She was delivered to the family with the stipulation that she should work hard at chores and be denied luxuries. The Parkinsons, however, treated Sidney well, to the extent that Day later chastised them for not instilling "industry and frugality" in her. Less than a year later the Parkinsons' business went bankrupt, leaving Sidney without an apprenticeship and nowhere to live. Day arranged for her to stay with his friends, the Keir family, and implied that she could take on the role of housekeeper at his own home. Day again considered Sidney, who was now 18, a potential wife, but did not let her know of his intentions, nor that her upbringing was part of his experiment.

Broken engagement [ edit ]

Over the next few months, Day returned to moulding Sidney to meet his requirements for the ideal woman, choosing what she would wear, and pushing his ideas of frugality upon her. Sidney took on all the ideas willingly and Day believed he had finally created a woman who would meet all his requirements. He was so confident that he talked openly of marrying Sidney, though she was unaware of his intentions. Eventually one of Day's friends let her know that he hoped to marry her. Sidney confronted Day about the rumours and he admitted they were true, neglecting to mention that he had hoped to marry her since the day he met her.

Sidney did not refuse the proposal, so Day planned the wedding while she considered it further and eventually agreed. During the preparations, Day left Sidney with friends for a few days, giving her strict instructions on what she should wear. When he returned to find her in an outfit that did not meet his requirements, he flew into a rage and Sidney fled for a few hours, so Day called off the engagement. Sidney was sent to a boarding house in Birmingham and given a stipend of £50 per annum (equivalent to £6,180 in 2018). Day resolved never to see her again.

Marriage [ edit ]

"I never thought I had a right to sacrifice another being to my own good or pleasure; but whatever else ensued you would be placed in circumstances infinitely more favourable to happiness than before" Day's explanation of his behaviour to Sidney

After her engagement to Day ended, Sidney spent eight years at boarding houses around Birmingham. Day met and went on to marry an heiress, Esther Milnes, in 1778. Sidney met an apothecary, Jarvis Wardley, who proposed marriage in an acrostic poem. She contacted Day for advice, and he told her in absolute terms not to marry Wardley, even writing an acrostic poem for her to use in turning him down. In 1783, she had become a lady's companion in Newport, Shropshire. It was there that she was approached by Day's friend, the man who helped choose her at the foundling hospital, John Bicknell. Bicknell was single and had spent the majority of his earnings from his law career in gambling dens. He had not paid much attention to Sidney since selecting her with Day, but proposed marriage immediately.

Sidney again consulted Day on the prospective engagement. Day did not approve, claiming the age difference was too great, although Bicknell was only two years older than Day. Bicknell decided to tell Sidney the truth about the experiment, that she was hand-picked to be Day's wife from childhood, and that all of Day's actions were designed to further his goal of turning her into the ideal bride. Horrified, Sidney wrote to Day to confront him over Bicknell's statements. Day admitted the truth but refused to apologise. After a series of letters, Day gave his consent to the marriage, telling her that the letter would be his final communication with her.

Final residence of Sabrina Bicknell, at 29 Gloucester Circus, Greenwich

Bicknell and Sidney married on 16 April 1784 at St Philip's Cathedral, Birmingham. The same day, Day paid the £500 wedding dowry he had stipulated in the contract he had set up with Bicknell, ending his £50 (equivalent to £6,009 in 2018) per year stipend. The couple bought a house in Shenfield and had two children, John Laurens Bicknell and Henry Edgeworth Bicknell. Bicknell carried on with his gambling habits, squandering the remaining money over the following three years. On 27 March 1787, after three years of marriage, John Bicknell died of a paralytic stroke.

Sidney and her two children were now left without an income. Day sent her a new stipend of £30 per year, (equivalent to £3,708 in 2018) which was matched by Edgeworth. Her husband's barrister friends raised £800 (equivalent to £98,873 in 2018) for the widow and her children. Sidney found a role as housekeeper for Charles Burney, as well as general manager of his schools in Chiswick, Hammersmith, and Greenwich. It was at his Greenwich school that her own children were educated.

Day's widow, Esther, continued paying Sidney's allowance after his death in 1789, and Sidney carried on her work with Burney until she was 68. By this time she was living in a four-storey house in Gloucester Circus, Greenwich, with her own servants. On 8 September 1843, Sidney died at her home of a severe asthma attack. She was buried at Kensal Green Cemetery.

Legacy [ edit ]

Sidney asked her friends not to discuss her past as she believed her humble beginnings, and Day's mistreatment of her, would tarnish her reputation. Anna Seward nevertheless wrote about Sidney's upbringing in her 1804 work Memoirs on the Life of Dr. Darwin. As Seward publicly identified Sidney in the book, it was criticised by the press, and Sidney's son John was very angry to learn of his mother's past. In his 1820 memoirs, Edgeworth stated his belief that Sidney and Day made a good match and that she loved him. Sidney disagreed with these accounts, saying that Day had made her miserable, and that she had effectively been a slave.

Sidney's education has been compared to George Bernard Shaw's Pygmalion, which may have been inspired by her story. Strong parallels have also been drawn between Sidney's upbringing and two novels of 1871: Henry James's Watch and Ward, and Anthony Trollope's Orley Farm. The story of her life has been told in Wendy Moore's 2013 book How to Create the Perfect Wife and dramatised in the 2015 BBC Radio 4 play The Imperfect Education of Sabrina Sidney.

References [ edit ]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0003090-94b9932e65bcfe14f538eefba090447f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006470 00000000000 015207  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        An unfakeable test for cocaine use that only requires a single fingerprint has been developed by scientists.

It is the first of its kind to test for ingestion of the drug, and is sufficiently developed that its creators expect it to be miniaturised into a portable device and in the hands of law enforcement agencies within ten years.

By using mass spectrometry, the test is able to detect the presence of chemicals excreted as cocaine metabolises in the body, providing immediate confirmation of a suspect’s cocaine use.

Such a device would be a revolution for law enforcement, as it would enable police, prison officers and other agents to establish if a person had taken the drug at the scene, without the need for invasive blood or urine tests.

It would also remove the need for specialists and safe storage and disposal of bodily fluids, reducing costs and rapidly speeding up the process.

It is likely become a commonly used device, akin to the breathalyser, that police use during standard stop-and-searches and raids.

The test, which was developed by scientists from the University of Surrey with support from researchers from the Netherlands Forensic Institute, the UK’s National Physical Laboratory, King’s College London and Sheffield Hallam University, is notable for ability to test for ingestion of cocaine, rather than just skin contact.

“When someone has taken cocaine, they excrete traces of benzoylecgonine and methylecgonine as they metabolise the drug, and these chemical indicators are present in fingerprint residue,” explained study lead author Dr Melanie Bailey, from the University of Surrey.

“For our part of the investigations, we sprayed a beam of solvent onto the fingerprint slide (a technique known as Desorption Electrospray Ionisation, or DESI) to determine if these substances were present. DESI has been used for a number of forensic applications, but no other studies have shown it to demonstrate drug use.”

The scientists verified the test’s efficacy by comparing its results to standard saliva tests, thus demonstrating that it would be reliable enough to use in real-world situations.

As it tests using a fingerprint, the device could also simultaneously verify the subject’s identify, meaning it would be – at least in theory – impossible to fake.

“The beauty of this method is that, not only is it non-invasive and more hygienic than testing blood or saliva, it can’t be faked,” said Bailey.

“By the very nature of the test, the identity of the subject is captured within the fingerprint ridge detail itself.”

Detailed in research published today in the journal Analyst, the test only requires miniaturisation before it can be used by law enforcement. And due to advances in this area, the researchers are confident this will be a quick process.

“We are only bound by the size of the current technology. Companies are already working on miniaturised mass spectrometers, and in the future portable fingerprint drugs tests could be deployed,” added Bailey.

“This will help to protect the public and indeed provide a much safer test for drug users.”

However, the public reaction to the device remains to be seen.

In a world where increasing police powers and control are a genuine concern, a fingerprint scanning device of this type could be met with considerable suspicion and resistance.                                                                                                                                                                                                        0003006-4b97099030457ae7e5006e5dda5b0240.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003716 00000000000 014652  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        GOALTENDER ZANE McINTYRE NAMED CCM/AHL AWARD WINNER FOR DECEMBER

Providence, RI - The American Hockey League announced today that Providence Bruins goaltender Zane McIntyre has been selected as the CCM/AHL Goaltender of the Month for the month of December. McIntyre was a perfect 9-0-0 in nine appearances during December, sporting a 1.65 goals-against average and a .947 save percentage while stopping 269 of 284 shots.

McIntyre allowed two goals or fewer in eight of his nine starts last month, despite facing at least 30 shots seven times. After returning to Providence on Dec. 1 from an extended stay in Boston, McIntyre opened the month with a 31-save performance in a 6-2 win vs. Binghamton on Dec. 2, and he matched a career high with 38 saves in a 2-1 overtime victory over Springfield on Dec. 4. McIntyre stopped 31 of 32 shots and all three shootout attempts to earn a 2-1 victory over Hartford on Dec. 11, and he made 35 saves as Providence defeated Utica, 3-1, on Dec. 21. McIntyre closed out the month with 29 saves as the Bruins went to Wilkes-Barre/Scranton and beat the league-leading Penguins, 5-2, on Dec. 30.

A 24-year-old native of Thief River Falls, Minn., McIntyre is 10-0-0 in 12 appearances for Providence this season and leads the AHL with a 1.41 goals-against average and a .951 save percentage. McIntyre, a sixth-round pick by Boston in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft, also made his NHL debut earlier this season and appeared in three games with the parent Bruins. The University of North Dakota product has played 43 AHL games over his first two pro seasons, going 24-8-7 with a 2.32 GAA and a .914 save percentage.

Also selected as AHL award winners for December are Chicago Wolves forward Kenny Agostino as the CCM/AHL Player of the Month and Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins forward Jake Guentzel as the CCM/AHL Rookie of the Month. Each monthly award winner will be presented with an etched crystal award prior to an upcoming home game in recognition of his achievement.                                                  0003018-1afccf8438680f5046b7f22179ca635e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000024507 00000000000 015037  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Rep. Nancy Pelosi was emphatic. Mitt Romney’s refusal to release more than two years of his personal tax returns, she said, makes him unfit to win confirmation as a member of the president’s Cabinet, let alone to hold the high office himself.

Sen. Harry Reid went farther: Romney’s refusal to make public more of his tax records makes him unfit to be a dogcatcher.

They do not, however, think that standard of transparency should apply to them. The two Democratic leaders of the Senate and the House of Representatives are among hundreds of senators and representatives from both parties who refused to release their tax records. Just 17 out of the 535 members of Congress released their most recent tax forms or provided some similar documentation of their tax liabilities in response to requests from McClatchy over the last three months. Another 19 replied that they wouldn’t release the information, and the remainder never responded to the query.

The widespread secrecy in one branch of the government suggests a self-imposed double standard. Yet while American politics has come to expect candidates for the presidency to release their tax returns, the president isn’t alone in having a say over the nation’s tax laws. Congress also stands to gain or lose by the very tax policies it enacts, and tax records – more than any broad financial disclosure rules now in place – offer the chance to see whether the leaders of the government stand to benefit from their own actions.

“Senior public officials, especially members of Congress and presidential candidates, should be required to disclose their tax returns so that the public can monitor potential conflicts of interest,” said Craig Holman, government affairs lobbyist for Public Citizen, a nonpartisan watchdog group.

The question of taxes is particularly pressing this year, as Congress debates whether to extend all or some of the Bush-era tax cuts that are set to expire Dec. 31. At the same time, tax returns reveal assets and investments.

Absent tax information, members of Congress aren’t fully transparent, said Daniel Auble, who heads the personal finance project for the Center for Responsive Politics, which tracks financial disclosures by members of Congress and appointees confirmed by Congress.

“Having a clearer picture of lawmakers’ interests . . . is definitely important in making available to the public what possible influence there could be,” he said. “In terms of transparency, it would be helpful to have more information.”

Among those who did disclose their tax returns: Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., and Rep. Barney Frank of Massachusetts, the senior Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee and a co-author of the Dodd-Frank law tightening regulations on Wall Street.

To Pelosi and some other top Democrats, the focus is on Romney, the Republican presidential candidate, who’s released his 2010 return and 2011 estimates and plans to release his 2011 return when it’s completed, but refuses to release any more. They say the very refusal to release more suggests that he’s hiding something.

"He could not even become a Cabinet member for that lack of disclosure, and now with that lack of disclosure he wants to be president of the United States,” said Pelosi, the House minority leader, who’s from California.

“We’d like to know what’s in those tax returns that he refuses to show to the American public. Did he pay any taxes?” Reid asked in an impassioned speech to the Senate on July 11. Days later, Reid, who’s from Nevada, suggested that Romney’s refusal to release more than two years of tax returns would make him ineligible to serve even as dogcatcher.

Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee, also has harangued Romney for refusing to release more tax returns, calling it a “penchant for secrecy.”

All three refused repeated requests from McClatchy to release their own returns, requests that started before the flap over Romney’s records.

Pelosi aides refused, saying she’s disclosed all that Congress requires.

“The leader has filed a complete financial disclosure report as required by law that includes financial holdings, transactions and other personal information,” Pelosi spokesman Nadeam Elshami said. “There has been no question about where Leader Pelosi and Democrats stand on tax policy: We must extend the middle-class tax cuts and end tax breaks for millionaires and use the revenues to pay down the deficit.”

Challenged at a recent news conference to release hers, Wasserman Schultz said she wouldn’t because she wasn’t running for president. “I file full financial disclosure required under the law,” she said.

What’s required by law is written by Congress itself, a broad financial-disclosure statement that offers no direct information on tax liabilities and no requirement for reporting spousal income other than the source – but not the amount – of any income above $1,000. There’s little way of knowing whether that spousal income is $1,001 or $1 million.

Several members of Congress married into money or have wealthy spouses. Topping that list are Rep. Michael McCaul, R-Texas, whose wife, Linda, is an heiress to the Clear Channel Communications fortune, and Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., whose wife, Teresa, is the heiress to the Heinz ketchup fortune. Pelosi’s husband, Paul, heads Financial Leasing Services Inc., a San Francisco-based venture capital and real estate firm.

When it comes to the valuation of investments or reporting of income on the annual disclosure forms, what’s required are broad numbers such as between $250,000 and $500,000 or $1 million and $5 million. That makes it hard to determine how much benefit a lawmaker might get from competing tax plans.

“They just don’t provide the same level of detail as a tax return,” said Darrell West, a specialist on governing and a vice president of the Brookings Institution, a center-left research center in Washington.

Most members won’t release that kind of detail.

Only 17 members shared their detailed tax information with McClatchy. Another 19 refused, but the majority of them stressed that they comply with congressional disclosure requirements.

Of the lawmakers who shared their tax returns, most got large deductions for interest on personal and investment real estate. That’s useful information for taxpayers, since a revamp of the tax code is expected in the next few years.

McClatchy isn’t releasing the tax returns under the terms of the agreement with the lawmakers. Reporters requested the returns to examine in detail how members would be personally affected by changes in tax laws being debated in Congress including income tax rates, as well as taxes on capital gains and dividends and deductions for such expenses as home mortgage interest. In exchange for sharing their returns, members were told their actual returns would not be made public.

Most lawmakers, however, chose to keep their tax liabilities a secret.

“First your publishers and editors and execs should publish their tax returns. They have great influence over public policy,” Rep. Gary Ackerman, D-N.Y., said in an emailed response. Ackerman, who was dogged in 2010 by allegations of a sweetheart stock purchase, isn’t seeking re-election, so his term ends in January.

“Are you guys asking the president to turn over his college records? Or asking him to turn anything over of any kind?” responded Allen Klump, the communications director for Rep. Jeff Duncan, R-S.C.

“Thanks, but we will not give you Sen. Rockefeller’s tax return. Good luck on the project,” said Vincent Morris, a spokesman for Sen. Jay Rockefeller, D-W.Va., whose family surname is synonymous with wealth.

Several lawmakers said they’d disclose what’s required and no more.

Rep. Renee Ellmers “files a financial disclosure form each year in accordance with House ethics rules and this is publicly available,” said Tom Doheny, a spokesman for the North Carolina Republican.

Rep. Joe Wilson “has submitted a financial disclosure form, which is required by law and available to constituents as a matter of public record,” said Caroline Delleney, a spokeswoman for the South Carolina Republican.

Constituents generally know where their particular lawmakers stand on the issue of the expiring tax cuts because the two major political parties have well-defined views. But there’s more at stake than just tax brackets, and voters often have little feel for whether their members of Congress would benefit or be harmed by changes that are under consideration.

From the financial disclosure forms, constituents can, with some work, surmise how lawmakers’ investment income might be taxed under competing plans. Given their salaries, lawmakers would fall into the higher tax bracket for dividends, but it’s unclear where they’d fall individually on the income scale.

“There are clearly some people above (the $250,000 threshold). There’s a bunch of people who might or might not be affected, and you can’t tell,” said Roberton Williams, a senior fellow at the Tax Policy Center, which is run by the Brookings Institution and the centrist Urban Institute.

Tax data isn’t always a panacea, however.

Missouri Democrat McCaskill was one of the few senators who provided McClatchy with a tax return. Her 1040 form lists her as married filing separately, showing an adjusted gross income of $193,384.

But her husband, Joe Shepard, is a wealthy businessman whose investments sometimes have put her in an unpleasant spotlight. His investment in a reinsurance company in Bermuda – the same country in which a Romney investment has been criticized by Democrats – brought allegations from Republicans in 2009 of tax dodging. Shepard no longer hold the investment.

McCaskill does report dozens of her husband's investments in her annual financial disclosure statement, with more detail than required. But each still is listed only under ranges of values, not precise amounts.

That’s another reason advocacy groups think that financial-disclosure reporting should be expanded to capture spousal income more fully, and argue that tax data would be a useful, albeit imperfect, tool.

“As public officials, potential conflicts of interest caused by their wealth and assets are a public concern,” said Holman, the Public Citizen lobbyist.

Kaz Komolafe and Farah Mohamed contributed to this article.                                                                                                                                                                                         0003109-1491de222a781178a5b9510012126382.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005312 00000000000 014337  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A new survey on Jewish Americans released just now by the Pew Research Center shows what we’ve come to expect from these reports: They are becoming less religious overall, with Millennial Jews even less religious than their older counterparts:

A Pew Research reanalysis of the 2000-2001 National Jewish Population Survey suggests that at that time, 93% of Jews in that study were Jews by religion and 7% were Jews of no religion (after some adjustments to make the NJPS and Pew Research categories as similar as possible). In the new Pew Research survey, 78% of Jews are Jews by religion, and fully 22% are Jews of no religion (including 6% who are atheist, 4% who are agnostic and 12% whose religion is “nothing in particular”). Though the two studies employed different question wording and methodologies and are thus not directly comparable, the magnitude of these differences suggests that Jews of no religion have grown as a share of the Jewish population and the overall U.S. public. The new Pew Research survey finds that approximately 0.5% of U.S. adults — about 1.2 million people — are Jews of no religion.

Laurie Goodstein of the New York Times highlights this change in her report and brings up another relevant point: Non-religious Jews aren’t passing down their religious traditions to their children, meaning the trend is likely to continue:

… the percentage of “Jews of no religion” has grown with each successive generation, peaking with the millennials (those born after 1980), of whom 32 percent say they have no religion. “It’s very stark,” Alan Cooperman, deputy director of the Pew religion project, said in an interview. “Older Jews are Jews by religion. Younger Jews are Jews of no religion.” … But Jews without religion tend not to raise their children Jewish, so this secular trend has serious consequences for what Jewish leaders call “Jewish continuity.” Of the “Jews of no religion” who have children at home, two-thirds are not raising their children Jewish in any way. This is in contrast to the “Jews with religion,” of whom 93 percent said they are raising their children to have a Jewish identity.

What we’re seeing more than anything else is a rise in secular Judaism as opposed to religious Judaism. It’s the non-religious traditions that are being passed down to the next generation, if that.

The report also shows a rise in Jews who marry non-Jews, another sign that religious faith is taking a backseat to other qualities.

The strangest finding, though, may be just how many Jewish people believe that you can be a Jew while believing that Jesus was the Messiah…

I would jokingly say 34% of Jews didn’t go to Hebrew school… but I don’t think that’s a joke.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0003146-da4e95fd98c57ef413f199949e42fe50.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003414 00000000000 015145  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        You’re reading Back of the Envelope, an experiment that aims to bring shorter, quicker content to FiveThirtyEight.

Halloween may be over, but there’s still a zombie among us: the Trans-Pacific Partnership. The TPP is the trade deal many thought was already killed off, but it just won’t go away. During the primaries, it served as a policy pinata — with Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump, in particular, taking turns excoriating it as a raw deal for American workers. Hillary Clinton, once a supporter, came out against it, too. (She now says the final version of the treaty doesn’t meet her standards.)

But the Obama administration, which negotiated the treaty, isn’t giving up on it. The White House is pressuring Congress to approve the 12-nation trade deal during the lame-duck session after the election. And on Thursday, Obama’s Council of Economic Advisers published a report warning that if the TPP isn’t passed, a China-backed trade agreement will take its place. That could put U.S. manufacturers at a disadvantage when they try to sell to customers in Japan and other Asian nations. The report argues that if China’s Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership goes into effect, at least 35 U.S. industries as diverse as plastics, fishing and footwear will be at risk of increased competition from China in the Japanese market.

Next week’s election will affect the chances of Obama’s TPP Hail Mary. If Trump wins, all bets are off: Republicans, usually more keen to support trade deals than Democrats, aren’t likely to back a deal strongly opposed by the president their party just elected. But if Clinton wins, Obama might be able to put together a coalition of Republicans and trade-friendly Democrats to support the treaty. In other words, the TPP isn’t dead yet.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0003051-113691fdbb4670af89c2e5a84e6e59c5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017655 00000000000 015127  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!

For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an All Access Digital subscription:

We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.

*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 month: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.

*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 month: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.

*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 month: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.

*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 month: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.

Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!

For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an All Access Digital subscription:

We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.

Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!

For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an All Access Digital subscription:

We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.

“Ultimately our goal is to raise between 25 and 30 million dollars in additional capital, through a mix of debt and equity, over the next number of months,” John Arbuthnot said on Monday.

Delta 9 will issue eight million new shares at $0.65 per share to raise as much as $5.2 million, and is seeking more capital to finance future expansion plans.

Twenty-seven-year-old Arbuthnot, who co-founded Delta 9 Bio-Tech with his father Bill Arbuthnot, will become CEO of the publicly-traded company, which will be renamed Delta 9 Cannabis. Bill Arbuthnot will be president and chairman of the board.

Delta 9 Bio-Tech, one of only two Manitoba firms licensed by the federal government to produce cannabis for medical users, could make its debut on the TSX Venture Exchange as soon as today. The listing has received conditional approval from the exchange, said Delta 9 co-founder John Arbuthnot, who is confident his firm will be listed by the end of the week.

Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 30/10/2017 (483 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.

Hey there, time traveller!

This article was published 30/10/2017 (483 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.

Delta 9 Bio-Tech, one of only two Manitoba firms licensed by the federal government to produce cannabis for medical users, could make its debut on the TSX Venture Exchange as soon as today. The listing has received conditional approval from the exchange, said Delta 9 co-founder John Arbuthnot, who is confident his firm will be listed by the end of the week.

Twenty-seven-year-old Arbuthnot, who co-founded Delta 9 Bio-Tech with his father Bill Arbuthnot, will become CEO of the publicly-traded company, which will be renamed Delta 9 Cannabis. Bill Arbuthnot will be president and chairman of the board.

Delta 9 will issue eight million new shares at $0.65 per share to raise as much as $5.2 million, and is seeking more capital to finance future expansion plans.

"Ultimately our goal is to raise between 25 and 30 million dollars in additional capital, through a mix of debt and equity, over the next number of months," John Arbuthnot said on Monday.

"And all of that will be deployed over the next few years in our Winnipeg-based production, distribution, and hopefully ultimately retail operation."

Arbuthnot said he and his father will be the controlling shareholders of the publicly-traded firm, holding between 55 and 60 per cent of the shares. The deal is being underwritten by investment bank Canaccord Genuity.

Currently, 68 companies are licensed by Health Canada to produce cannabis for medical users. Delta 9 was among the first crop of companies to receive a production licence from Health Canada, in 2014.

The company employs about 55 people, primarily at its production facility in Winnipeg.

More than 2,000 clients are registered to purchase mail-order cannabis from Delta 9, Arbuthnot said.

As of June 30, there were 201,398 medical cannabis clients registered with Health Canada, including 3,598 in Manitoba. Some clients are registered to purchase from more than one licensed producer, and registered clients may sign up with any licensed producer in any province.

Registering with Health Canada and signing up to purchase cannabis from licensed producers requires a recipient to get a medical document from a physician.

In cities across Canada, a number of specialized medical clinics have sprouted up to connect potential medical cannabis users with physicians who may be willing to recommend cannabis. Delta 9 has launched its own such clinic in Winnipeg, the Delta 9 Lifestyle Cannabis Clinic at 478 River Ave.

Delta 9’s production licence from Health Canada allows it to devote up to 80,000 square feet of space to growing cannabis, said Arbuthnot. Right now, the company is using roughly 14,000 square feet, leaving plenty of room to grow before additional licensing is required.

Delta 9 cultivates its pungent crop in 28 specially-modified shipping containers inside its Winnipeg facility. The expected influx of capital from the public offering will allow Delta 9 to add between 40 and 60 new shipping container grow rooms, Arbuthnot said.

"What comes with that expansion is more jobs being created in the community here in Manitoba, increased production capacity allowing us to continue to bring on more and more registered patients both here in Manitoba and outside, and hopefully also the first steps in really positioning ourselves towards taking a hard look at the recreational market for next year."

Federal legalization of cannabis for recreational use is expected by July 1, 2018. Under the federal government’s proposed Cannabis Act, which is not yet law, only licensed producers such as Delta 9 will be able to supply cannabis to the legal market.

Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day’s breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.

By 2020, Arbuthnot said, Delta 9 plans to use its new capital to increase production drastically — from about 1,000 kilograms a year to 17,000 kilos a year.

Like other players in Canada’s legal cannabis industry, Delta 9 is not yet profitable.

"I think most investors who are looking in the space right now are looking past the short-term financial performance towards some other metrics that are very important for the space," Arbuthnot said, citing his company’s as-yet-unused licensed production capacity as a potential selling point.

"We would encourage investors to look forward at things like capacity, as well as to look at some of the other points of our operations, including that we are one of Health Canada’s oldest licensed producers," he said. "And with that comes several years, now, of actual cultivation, processing, distribution, and sale experience."

After being listed on the TSX Venture Exchange, Delta 9 Cannabis will trade under the stock symbol "NINE".

solomon.israel@freepress.mb.ca @sol_israel                                                                                   0003106-0615cdb20271c5c170a6a330a10b8508.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011145 00000000000 014611  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        It's Time to Slay the Revenant Keynes Share This:





Naturally, many prominent economists are viewing this development with horror. "People are saving! The economy will collapse! We've got to get them spending! Paradox of thrift!"



The



I think I have finally learned where such silly notions arise. I recently read an article by an Austrian economist (alas, I've forgotten who, so I can't give proper credit) that explained it thus: in the Keynesian view, an economy is driven by consumption, whereas in the Austrian view, an economy is driven by production (and savings).



So to a Keynesian, an economy is healthy as long as people spend, spend, spend...even if they have to borrow, borrow, borrow to do it. And if they stop spending, they must be made to spend more. And if they refuse, then the government has to do the borrowing and spending for them. (Somehow freedom of conscience never seems to be honored in the economic sphere. Can't I be a conscientious objector to Keynesian stimulus?)



This, despite the fact that to the best of my knowledge, the theories of Keynes have never been scientifically proven or even substantiated. No Keynesian intervention has ever been shown to work. So why are they always the first resort? Because whether or not they work, Keynesian prescriptions are convenient for those in power. They give the state a plausible cover, that the citizens will accept, to enlarge its power.



So, it's time to slay the revenant Keynes. Like Karl Marx, his half-baked theories reach from beyond the grave to strangle societies and ruin people's lives. It's Ptolemaic crackpottery which is long overdue for refutation. It enjoys what I call "academic celebrity" -- not "famous because it is famous", but rather "accepted because it's accepted."



Alas, I don't think Keynesianism will be discredited unless the economy suffers a total collapse. And from the rubble, I'm sure we'll hear the whine of the last Keynesian: "It's because we didn't stimulate enough!" Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News



Printer Friendly Brad - Thursday 05 March 2009 - 13:56:26 - Permalink I saw a few days ago that the U.S. savings rate has increased to 5%. To my mind, this is Good News: people are starting to get responsible about their finances, starting to pay down their debt, and starting to put some cash away for hard times. I figure this is exactly what's needed to get out of the credit swamp and back to a sustainable economy.Naturally, many prominent economists are viewing this development with horror. "People are saving! The economy will collapse! We've got to get them spending! Paradox of thrift!"The "paradox of thrift" holds that what is good for every individual (thrift and saving) is bad for the economy at large....rather as if the economy were one gigantic Prisoner's Dilemma . Mainstream economists love citing this, perhaps because it sprang from the mind of the exalted J. M. Keynes.I think I have finally learned where such silly notions arise. I recently read an article by an Austrian economist (alas, I've forgotten who, so I can't give proper credit) that explained it thus: in the Keynesian view, an economy is driven by consumption, whereas in the Austrian view, an economy is driven by production (and savings).So to a Keynesian, an economy is healthy as long as people spend, spend, spend...even if they have to borrow, borrow, borrow to do it. And if they stop spending, they must be made to spend more. And if they refuse, then the government has to do the borrowing and spending for them. (Somehow freedom of conscience never seems to be honored in the economic sphere. Can't I be a conscientious objector to Keynesian stimulus?)This, despite the fact that to the best of my knowledge, the theories of Keynes have never been scientifically proven or even substantiated. No Keynesian intervention has ever been shown to work. So why are they always the first resort? Because whether or not they work, Keynesian prescriptions are convenient for those in power. They give the state a plausible cover, that the citizens will accept, to enlarge its power.So, it's time to slay the revenant Keynes. Like Karl Marx, his half-baked theories reach from beyond the grave to strangle societies and ruin people's lives. It's Ptolemaic crackpottery which is long overdue for refutation. It enjoys what I call "academic celebrity" -- not "famous because it is famous", but rather "accepted because it's accepted."Alas, I don't think Keynesianism will be discredited unless the economy suffers a total collapse. And from the rubble, I'm sure we'll hear the whine of the last Keynesian: "It's because we didn't stimulate enough!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0003043-573e0e34f872349351541df1e9c0d308.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000062703 00000000000 014611  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        What is Twitter marketing? It’s what you want it to be. Want to learn more about your customers? Make your brand a little more human? Build buzz about your new product? Make an influencer’s day? Provide lightning-fast customer support? Start mopping up after a PR disaster? Publicly humiliate trolls? Twitter’s got you covered.

Whatever your goals, there’s no question Twitter can be a powerful tool to help you achieve them.

If you’re just starting out with Twitter, this guide will show you how to craft a winning strategy. If you’re already using the platform to grow your business, jump to our section on smart Twitter tips for business.



Bonus: Download the free strategy guide that reveals how Hootsuite grew our Twitter following to over 8 million users and learn how you can put the tactics to work for your business.

How to create a Twitter marketing strategy

A well-crafted strategy is the foundation for success—and it’s what separates the most effective brands on Twitter from the also-rans. Without a clear plan, you will waste time and money tweeting without a clear understanding of how your activities are helping your organization meet its goals. And when it comes time to review your performance, you’ll struggle to prove what you’ve achieved. And that will make it hard to make the case for increasing your team size or budget.

Every hour you spend on research and strategy will pay off tenfold. We promise. Here’s what you need to do:

Define success and set goals

Okay, so you’ve got a good answer ready when your boss asks, “Why are we on Twitter?” Then come the two follow-up punches: “Are we on track to meet our goals? And… what are they again?”

Answering these questions isn’t hard if you do your homework. Start with a list of your organization’s current high-level business objectives, such as:

Generate leads and sales

Increase customer loyalty

Build brand and product awareness

Decrease customer support costs

From these objectives, craft specific and measurable goals. This will make it easy for you to evaluate progress and prove success. For example, if your objective is to provide your sales team with high-quality leads through social, your goal might be “use Twitter to drive 30 email sign-ups per month.”

With objectives and goals in place, remember to take time to benchmark the current state of your team’s performance. This will help you measure your progress toward your goals, proving that your strategy is producing real, measurable results for your business.

Defining and measuring success on social media can be challenging, so taking the time to do this right will really set you apart. Our guide to the ROI of social media breaks down the process for you.

Research the competition

Gathering information about your competitors’ strengths and weaknesses on social is critical. Not sure where to start? Read our quick guide, and then use this competitive analysis template to design a social marketing strategy that will leave your competitors in the dust.

Identify your target audience

Your brand can’t be all things to all people on Twitter—nor should you want it to be. Know who you’re targeting and craft a strategy that focuses on delivering real value to them. This will encourage them to engage with your brand and eventually become customers and advocates. While you’re at it, check out our guide on how to attract and engage more Twitter followers.

Audit and take charge of your Twitter accounts

Depending on the size of your company and your goals, you may want to use a single Twitter account or multiple accounts for different departments or functions. If multiple people in your organization are already using Twitter, auditing and consolidating existing accounts is key.

How important is this? When the Vancouver Canucks hockey team deleted rogue accounts and launched official social media channels as part of their social strategy, they were able to strategically grow their Twitter fan base by 800 percent.

Integrate Twitter with overall social strategy

Teams working in large (or growing) organizations can find themselves working in silos. If you find this happening to your social marketing team, make sure you keep tearing down those silos and stay connected to other teams. Their work can be a rich source of information and assets to share with your followers. And they may be gathering insights that can open up new opportunities for your Twitter strategy.

Keep your Twitter presence unique

While it’s possible—and easy—to post the same content to multiple social networks, cross-posting isn’t an approach we recommend. Each network has its own unique characteristics and user base, so while applying the same strategy to multiple networks might seem like a shortcut, it might cost you more in engagement and authenticity than it saves you in time and effort. Nail your strategy on one network at a time, keeping it unique and fresh.

For a head start charting your strategy, download our social media templates that cover everything from social media strategy and audits to content calendars and bulk message uploading for Hootsuite.

10 useful Twitter marketing tips for business

1. Use Twitter tools to get more done

Twitter’s website and apps are great for sending the occasional tweet or direct message—but to manage your Twitter marketing at scale, you need the right tools for the job.

Our list of 33 Twitter tools you can use in your marketing strategy is broken down by function to help you find the tools you need to market your business more efficiently on Twitter. Here are just a few of the things these tools will help you do faster and better:

Generate leads by learning more about the people engaging with your brand, why they’re sharing your content, and who they’re sharing it with.

by learning more about the people engaging with your brand, why they’re sharing your content, and who they’re sharing it with. Find industry influencers to connect with.

to connect with. Analyze your competition to find detailed information on their tweets, mentions, hashtags, followers, and more.

to find detailed information on their tweets, mentions, hashtags, followers, and more. Find trending topics by content, hashtags, search terms, sources, and more.

by content, hashtags, search terms, sources, and more. Edit and add images to your tweets.

to your tweets. Manage who you follow (and unfollow) to add valuable new information to your Twitter feed—and remove inactive and spammy followers.

(and unfollow) to add valuable new information to your Twitter feed—and remove inactive and spammy followers. Time your posts for maximum impact with tools that analyze both your tweets and your followers’ tweets.

With your Twitter toolbox stocked and ready, it’s time to turn your attention to crafting a world-class profile.

2. Build a great Twitter profile

A complete, strategically crafted Twitter profile does far more than put a pretty face on your organization’s Twitter account—it can build trust with your audience, improve how your business appears in search results, and give your customers a direct, real-time channel to reach out to you with questions and kudos for your company. Here’s how to do it right:

Write a great bio

Twitter lets you use a few less characters in your bio than in your tweets (160, compared to 280), but you’ll still want to get maximum impact from every word (and hashtag). Whether you’re writing writing a new bio from scratch or looking to freshen up an existing one, we’ve got a list of world-class Twitter bio ideas to increase your follower count.

Image via Hootsuite on Twitter.

Complete and optimize your profile

A strategically optimized Twitter profile can do far more than just share your name, handle, and description. With a few quick tweaks, you can boost the visual impact of your profile; target a precise physical location or general area; help customers find other Twitter profiles your company manages; and make it easier for people to interact with your brand and start conversations about your products. For all the details, see our video on optimizing your profile settings on Twitter.

Get verified

When people see that you are verified by Twitter, they know that they can trust your content—and your brand. Learn how to get verified on Twitter and earn that small but highly valuable blue “verified” checkmark next to your account name.

Show it off

Of course, after investing all this work in crafting a great profile, you’ll want to make sure people actually find it. Add your Twitter handle to your website, email signatures, the side of your delivery truck, and wherever else it makes sense to show it off.

3. Listen and learn

If your strategy is focused on using Twitter to broadcast content to your followers, you’re not taking advantage of Twitter’s massive potential as a platform for social listening.

As our CEO Ryan Holmes explains, “For businesses that pursue social listening seriously, the benefits can be significant: real-time intelligence on competitors; instant feedback on how your own brand is being perceived; and actionable data for designing or tweaking marketing campaigns.”

You need to know what your Twitter community is talking about, whether people are directly mentioning your brand or not. What topics are they interested in? What kinds of content do they respond to? Who do they engage with? These are all important factors to consider when participating in social media listening.

Things to listen for include:

Your brand’s name (including misspellings)

Your brand’s product names (including misspellings)

Your competitors (again, including misspellings)

Industry buzzwords

Brand slogans

Your CEO or public representative’s names (and misspellings)

Campaign names or keywords

Another key reason to listen on social is to find influencers and experts in your field. Nearly 40 percent of Twitter users say they’ve made a purchase as a direct result of a tweet from an influencer, and 49 percent say they rely on influencers when looking for product recommendations.

For more information on how to find influencers on Twitter and build valuable relationships with them, take a look at our complete guide to influencer marketing on social media.

Our guide to social media listening lists tools you can use:

Twitter Advanced Search lets you narrow down your searches, search by negative or positive sentiment, explore relevant hashtags, and much more. For more information, see our guide on how to use Twitter’s Advanced Search for lead generation.

Hootsuite makes it easy to set up streams that allow you to not only monitor conversations and keywords, but respond or assign the response to someone else on your team. And with Hootsuite Insights, you can monitor social media networks, news sources, and blogs to stay on top of trends, understand the conversations happening around your brand, and discover which content is resonating with your audience.

Social Mention monitors over 100 sources and “allows you to easily track and mention what people are saying about you, your company, a new product, or any topic across the web’s social media landscape in real-time.”

TweetReach offers basic listening tools, and helps you monitor tweets about your brand, and industry conversations.

Cision Social Edition (formerly ViralHeat) allows you to listen to conversations around your brand across social networks and then “identify trends to drive insights around your social media performance.”

4. Create great content

While it’s true that you’ve only got 280 characters to worry about at a time, you should still strive to write tweets that are on brand, easy to read, and likely to resonate with your audience. If you’re looking for help or inspiration, check out our great list of 8 writing resources for non-writers.

Here are the basics for writing a great tweet:

Help your audience

To create content your audience will actually read and use, it helps to never stop learning about their interests, needs, and fears. In addition to reading their tweets and engaging directly with them, you can also use apps like Trendspottr to find and share trending content.

We're responding to storms & tornadoes that blew across the Midwest. For shelter info, visit https://t.co/IwTsENcx2z or call 1-800-768-8048. — American Red Cross (@RedCross) April 30, 2017

Keep it short

Yes, the limit is 280 characters—but you don’t have to use all those characters every time to create a great tweet. Mix up the length of tweets, and remember to use a URL shortener (like Ow.ly, available in the Hootsuite dashboard) to prevent links from taking up more space than necessary (and make it easier to include UTM parameters without creating clutter).

Incorporate content curation

You curate content when you sort through the massive amount of content online and share the best of it with your followers in an organized, meaningful way. At Hootsuite, we share the best content we find with our followers using the hashtag #ChoiceContent.

For tips on incorporating content curation into your overall strategy, see our guide to using curated content on Twitter.

Use hashtags

Hashtags ensure that your content is being seen by as many followers as possible. Hashtags enable you to classify content so that your tweets are grouped with other relevant Twitter content. This helps other Twitter users find your content easily, just as it can help you find influencers and others in your industry.

The art and science of using hashtags has evolved substantially in the past few years, and if you don’t know what you’re doing, you can wind up using hashtags incorrectly and sounding tone-deaf or worse. Get up to speed with our comprehensive guide on the do’s and don’ts of how to use hashtags.

5. Use multimedia to drive more engagement

The popularity—and effectiveness—of multimedia continues its meteoric rise on social media. A survey of Twitter users found that the majority (82 percent) watch video content on Twitter, and that users want to see more videos from celebrities, other users, and brands. Why not offer your followers more of what they’re asking for?

Video

According to Wyzowl’s State of Video Marketing 2017 report, 79 percent of consumers would rather watch a video to learn about a product than read text on a page—and 84 percent of consumers have been convinced to make a purchase after watching a brand’s video. You might tweet out videos your organization has created, retweet relevant video content your audience would find valuable, or explore ways to share real-time video on Twitter.

Images

Among all the options for sharing images and photos online, don’t forget to share them on Twitter too. Include relevant images to catch the eye of your community and encourage engagement. If you’re sharing photos of people, you can also tag up to 10 people per image, as described in our post on Twitter best practices.

GIFs

Ah, GIFs. With users sharing over 100 million GIFS on Twitter in 2016, they can be a great option for adding some relevant fun to your tweets. If some cheeky animated joy is on-brand for your organization, try out Twitter’s integrated GIF search. And for a wealth of ideas, you can check out our GIF guide for social media marketers.

6. Post at the right time

Tweets don’t last. According to Wiselytics, a tweet has a half-life of just 24 minutes and reaches 75 percent of its potential engagement in less than three hours. That means you need to tweet at the right time to reach the most potential followers and maximize engagement.

Tweet regularly

We recommend tweeting at least once a day to attract and engage Twitter followers. Experiment with posting more than that, and then pay attention to how your followers react to find the frequency that works best for you.

Start with industry best practices

Research has shown that the best posting times are generally 12 p.m., 5 p.m., and 6 p.m. Consider posting at these times in your initial strategy, then flesh out your schedule as you learn more about what times get the best results with your followers.

Use analytics to fine-tune your approach

Use engagement data from Twitter Analytics to adjust your timing once you’ve gathered some data about how followers are engaging with your tweets.

Schedule your tweets

Once you know the best times to tweet for optimal engagement, you can use Hootsuite to schedule your tweets, which will save you time and ensure you’re getting the best bang for your buck with each tweet.

With Hootsuite, you can schedule your Twitter messages manually or in bulk, and you can even set up Hootsuite to automatically post at optimal times. For more information on exactly how to do this, see our post on scheduling posts through Hootsuite. And if you’re looking for templates for bulk uploads, we’ve got those too.

7. Engage with your audience

It’s easy for marketers to get obsessed with the number of followers we collect on Twitter. But without engagement, your follower number is just that—a number. From the start, Twitter has been designed to help people connect and engage on a personal level. Use that strength to your advantage and engage daily with your audience.

Follow your network— Your followers’ tweets can provide a wealth of information about their interests, needs, preferences, and so on. Follow and learn from them.

Your followers’ tweets can provide a wealth of information about their interests, needs, preferences, and so on. Follow and learn from them. Respond quickly— According to one social media research study, 42 percent of consumers expect a 60-minute response time on social media. Respond quickly and naturally to customers, as you would in person or over the phone.

According to one social media research study, 42 percent of consumers expect a 60-minute response time on social media. Respond quickly and naturally to customers, as you would in person or over the phone. Retweet, like, and follow— It feels good when people take a moment to retweet and like your tweets or follow you on Twitter. Return the favor and keep your followers happy.

It feels good when people take a moment to retweet and like your tweets or follow you on Twitter. Return the favor and keep your followers happy. Use @mentions and tag people— When you mention followers, influencers, or other brands in a tweet, including an @mention is a nice way to drive a little traffic their way. You can also tag people in photos when it’s appropriate to do so, as covered in our post on Twitter best practices.

When you mention followers, influencers, or other brands in a tweet, including an @mention is a nice way to drive a little traffic their way. You can also tag people in photos when it’s appropriate to do so, as covered in our post on Twitter best practices. Ask for a little help— It’s okay to occasionally ask followers to retweet, mention, or like your tweets.

It’s okay to occasionally ask followers to retweet, mention, or like your tweets. Get interactive—Tweet a question and see how your followers respond, or run a Twitter Poll for customer service feedback, quick product or service opinions, and direct social listening opportunities.

We're at #CES2016 & letting you choose what we cover. Vote now and watch our Periscope tomorrow! — Amazon.com (@amazon) January 7, 2016

Keep listening for opportunities and pain points. If you’re looking for a little inspiration on how to kick-start engagement with your Twitter followers, try our 5-day plan for increasing your Twitter engagement.

8. Monitor your business and brand

You’ve seen the news about companies mishandling PR disasters on social—but whether you’re monitoring social networks to mitigate major risk or just to keep an eye on overall sentiment about your brand, it’s vital to know what people are saying and sharing on Twitter.

Follow your competitors— This one’s easy. Find your competitors on Twitter and follow them to know what they’re sharing—and what people are saying about them.

This one’s easy. Find your competitors on Twitter and follow them to know what they’re sharing—and what people are saying about them. Get organized to listen more effectively— Twitter lists can be a great way to organize the people you follow on Twitter. If you use Hootsuite, you can easily set up streams to listen to your competitors right from your dashboard.

Twitter lists can be a great way to organize the people you follow on Twitter. If you use Hootsuite, you can easily set up streams to listen to your competitors right from your dashboard. Monitor your brand/company keywords— Twitter Analytics and other tools make it easy to do this. For a more comprehensive approach, you can Hootsuite Insights to monitor social media networks, news sources, and blogs to make sure you stay on top of trending content that matters to you.

Twitter Analytics and other tools make it easy to do this. For a more comprehensive approach, you can Hootsuite Insights to monitor social media networks, news sources, and blogs to make sure you stay on top of trending content that matters to you. Have a crisis communications plan—As our CEO Ryan Holmes pointed out in a LinkedIn post on “tone-deaf” brands, companies that haven’t embraced the concept of social listening risk opening themselves up to full-blown PR disasters on social. Learn from their cautionary tales and put a plan in place for crisis communications—and then hope you never need to use it.

9. Measure results

Measuring your Twitter marketing results allows you to evaluate your success, see what kind of content your community engages with, and shows you opportunities for areas to further refine your Twitter strategy. Here are a few ways to get the data you need:

Use Twitter Analytics

Twitter Analytics gives you an overview of how your tweets are performing, who is engaging and when, influencers in your network, and metrics for individual tweets. You can track your followers’ activity over time, their interests, demographics, and (if you’re running a Twitter Ads campaign) ad performance.

Image via Twitter.

Use analytics tools from Hootsuite

Hootsuite’s analytics tools feature real-time dashboards to help you monitor performance, spot trends, and track engagement across channels. You can tag tweets connected to campaigns or events, then track, analyze, and report on their performance.

Bonus: Download the free strategy guide that reveals how Hootsuite grew our Twitter following to over 8 million users and learn how you can put the tactics to work for your business.

10. Elevate your strategy with advanced tactics

Now that you’ve mastered the basics, why not try a few more advanced tactics?

Advertise on Twitter

As great as your social media strategy may be, there are times when it makes sense to supplement your organic efforts with paid advertising to achieve your objectives on Twitter. Depending on the specific goal you’re working toward, you can promote your individual tweets, your account, or even a trend you’d like to amplify and associate with your business. When you’re ready to get started, check out our complete guide to Twitter Ads.

Host a Twitter chat

Hosting a Twitter chat is a great way to show thought leadership in your field while building advocacy, loyalty, and community. Using a shared hashtag, users meet online to catch up on industry news, discuss issues, and share ideas. To learn more, see our step-by-step guide on how to run a Twitter chat.

Here at Hootsuite, we engage with our community through #HootChat, our weekly Twitter chat. We collaborate with influencers in the industry and encourage questions and discussion with our Twitter community.

Q3. What are some tips to writing engaging captions? #HootChat pic.twitter.com/lA7BfrC1G4 — Hootsuite (@hootsuite) May 18, 2017

Broadcast live video

Brands have been sharing live video on Twitter for some time now, and companies like AirBNB are even experimenting with 360° livestreaming channels. Given the exploding popularity of video on social media, adding live video to your Twitter strategy is definitely a promising area to explore.

Experiment with Twitter Moments

Twitter launched Moments in 2015 as a curated list of the day’s big tweets. In 2016, they opened the tool to everyone on mobile, and marketers have been using it to round up recipes, collaborate with influencers, and even create fan recaps for TV series. From serious to silly, Twitter Moments offer new ways to put Twitter to work for your business.

Offer social customer service

With 67 percent of customers in the U.S. turning to social media for customer service, there’s a very good chance your customers expect to be able to do the same. Whether you use your primary Twitter account or a devoted one for support will depend on the size of your organization and the type of support you offer. You could do worse than to follow the example of our favorite brands leading the way in social customer support.

So sorry, Lia. Mind sending us a DM with your contact info and the ingredients you need? Thank you! — Whole Foods Market (@WholeFoods) May 17, 2017

With rich opportunities for researching your market, engaging with followers, and building your brand, Twitter has come a long way since its 2006 debut as a simple platform for answering the question “What are you doing?” in 140 characters. It’s a powerful platform for building meaningful relationships that will drive the success of your organization—one follower at a time.

Use Hootsuite to execute your Twitter marketing plan alongside all your other social media activity. From a single dashboard you can monitor conversations, grow your followers, schedule tweets, and much more. Try it free today.

Get Started                                                             0003100-95581c5e344dc3fbc99b557e12039802.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005701 00000000000 014665  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Last week, Minneapolis-based utility Xcel Energy proposed its fourth wind farm in the Upper Midwest since mid-July. If approved, the 150-megawatt Border Winds Project would be developed in North Dakota near the U.S.-Canadian border and produce enough electricity to save customers an estimated $45 million over its lifetime while reducing annual carbon dioxide emissions by about 320,000 tons.

In July, Xcel Energy — the nation’s top utility for wind-based power — proposed to add 600 megawatts of wind energy through three wind farms in North Dakota and Minnesota. With the addition of the Border Winds Project, Xcel could save customers more than $220 million and add a total of 750 megawatts of wind power to its existing Midwest portfolio, which would bring its wind capacity total in the region to 2,550 megawatts — or enough power to serve over 750,000 homes.

“These projects will lower our customers’ bills, offer protection from rising fuel costs, and provide significant environmental benefits,” Dave Sparby, CEO of Xcel subsidiary Northern States Power Co., said in a statement last month. “Wind prices are extremely competitive right now, offering lower costs than other possible resources, like natural gas plants.”

Xcel has submitted the four projects to the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission and the North Dakota Public Service Commission for consideration and expects to hear the regulators’ decisions by late fall. If approved, construction will begin immediately in order for the projects to qualify for the federal renewable energy Production Tax Credit (PTC).

Advertisement

The PTC, which was set to expire at the end of 2012, was extended in January to projects that begin construction by the end of 2013. The tax credit provides 2.2 cents per kilowatt-hour for electricity produced over the first ten years of operation.

The Upper Midwest is not the only region that’s benefiting from Xcel’s aggressive push to add more wind power before the PTC expires. In Colorado, Xcel has asked regulators to approve a 200-megawatt wind farm that would save customers more than $142 million in fuel costs over the 20-year contract term.

Xcel also proposed three projects totaling nearly 700 megawatts that would be built in New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas, citing a lower price per megawatt-hour for wind energy generation than their own natural gas-fueled generation. These projects are expected to save customers $590.4 million in fuel costs over 20 years.

Altogether, Xcel is awaiting approval on about 1,650 megawatts of wind power that could come online before the end of the 2016, which would increase its overall wind capacity by 30 percent.

“We are committed to meeting our customers’ needs in clean and affordable ways,” said Ben Fowke, Xcel Energy’s chairman and CEO. “Wind power is simply the cheapest resource available right now, and we are taking the opportunity afforded by the PTC extension to further shape our systems for the future.”                                                               0003091-4b85ac4545de566c0414306b7f650b05.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001505 00000000000 014651  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The problem with Xbox Kinect - aside from a decent range of top-drawer titles - is the inability to play without a large living room and yards of space.

Gaming accessories manufacturer Nyko seeks to change all that, though, with this badboy accessory.

The Nyko Zoom for Kinect reduces the space required to play Kinect by up to 40 per cent. By my calculations, that means the recommended distance required to stand away from the sensor can be lowered from 8ft to under five.

The Zoom clips on top of the sensor without any modification and effectively makes Kinect look the wrong way through a pair of binoculars.

It also comes bundled with iBoutique Zoom Lens Cleaner, a brush-like device of which the name is fairly self explanatory.

The Nyko Zoom will see its UK release on 31 August. Amazon is now taking pre-orders for £36. ®                                                                                                                                                                                           0003147-044d79194a8653c236e6083eab4e1677.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005130 00000000000 014613  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Follow us 101.6k

This salad is one of my "grab & go" favourites. It's great for anyone with a busy lifestyle looking for a sating and nutritious low-carb meal they can take to work. I always have hard-boiled eggs and keto-friendly mayo in my fridge. This way I save time and money and avoid temptations. If you want to succeed with your healthy low-carb eating, you should plan your cooking at least a few days in advance.

0 hours, 0 minutes

Hands-on 5 minutes Overall 5 minutes

Nutritional values (per serving)

3.9 grams 1.5 grams 41.4 grams 49.7 grams 8.8 grams 626 calories

Total Carbs 5.4 grams Fiber 1.5 grams Net Carbs 3.9 grams Protein 41.4 grams Fat 49.7 grams of which Saturated 8.8 grams Calories 626 kcal Magnesium 63 mg (16% RDA) Potassium 655 mg (33% EMR)

Macronutrient ratio: Calories from carbs (3%), protein (26%), fat (71%)

Ingredients (1 serving, large salad bowl)

1 small head lettuce, Romaine or Little Gem (100 g/ 3.5 oz)

140 g tinned tuna, drained (5 oz)

2 eggs, hard-boiled, free-range or organic

2 tbsp mayonnaise, try my home-made mayo (30 g/ 1.1 oz)

1 medium spring onion or bunch chives (15 g/ 0.5 oz)

1 tbsp fresh lemon juice

1 tbsp extra virgin olive oil

salt to taste (I used pink Himalayan)

Note: Use less tuna if you this recipe is too high in protein for you. Find out what's your ideal protein intake using our keto calculator.

A fun way to learn about healthy low-carb eating! Take the Keto Diet Quiz

Print Recipe Download Recipe

Instructions

Tear the leaves of the lettuce, wash and drain in a salad spinner or with a paper towel. Spread the leaves over the bottom of the serving bowl. Add drained and shredded tuna.

To avoid unhealthy vegetable oils that may often be used in tuna products, get tuna in extra virgin olive oil or in brine. I avoid buying canned foods and get tuna in glass jars instead. This will minimise your exposure to toxic BPAs that may often be present in canned foods. Top with hard-boiled eggs (see instructions in this recipe to see how to hard-boil eggs), mayo mixed with lemon juice and freshly chopped spring onion. Drizzle with extra virgin olive oil and enjoy!



Do you like this recipe? Share it with your friends! Pinterest Reddit

Martina Slajerova Creator of KetoDietApp.com I changed the way I ate in 2011, when I was diagnosed with Hashimoto’s, an autoimmune disease that affects the thyroid. I had no energy, and I found it more and more difficult to maintain a healthy weight. That’s when I decided to quit sugar, grains, and processed foods, and to start following a whole-foods-based ketogenic approach to food. More posts by Martina Slajerova                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0003129-02bb66f1980336c5473bebfef124aa3d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016334 00000000000 015156  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        There are world championships and then, well, there are world championships. The magic of the race for the rainbow jersey is its uncanny unpredictability. Because riders compete on their national teams rather than their trade teams, and because the race route changes from year to year, the event can sometimes smile on lesser-known riders.

Words and Images by James Startt

But while upsets are frequent, the epic world championship races are the ones captured by great champions over grueling race routes. Greg LeMond’s second world title in Chambéry, France, only weeks after winning the 1989 Tour de France, certainly goes down as one of the best. Another was the impressive victory taken in 1980 by French champion Bernard Hinault, who almost single-handedly demolished an elite field in his native France.

And in what can only be heralded as a “Babe Ruth” move, Hinault promised national team director Richard Marillier that he would win the race three years earlier—when he discovered that the worlds would be held in France. The anecdote, although rarely cited, calls to mind “The Babe” pointing to the bleachers moments before blasting a home run to the very spot.

Hinault came to the start in Sallanches, a small town in the French Alps, prepared to deliver. On that day, the riders tackled the rugged Côte de Domancy—the main climb on the final time trial to Megève in this year’s Tour de France—no less than 20 times. Lap after lap Hinault assumed his role as pre-race favorite, forcing the pace and splintering the pack. Italian Gianbattista Baronchelli, the final rider capable of following Hinault’s tempo, was having the race of his life. But he was no match for the ferocious champion that was Hinault, often known as “The Badger,” who dropped the Italian on the final climb. Hinault won solo, a minute ahead of the Italian and almost five minutes before the seven-man “peloton.” Only 15 riders finished the 268-kilometer race.

It is a day etched in Hinault’s own memory, and one the ever-candid Frenchman shares with Peloton only a week before this year’s title race.

_____________________________________________________________________________________________

Peloton: Bernard, you won one of the most memorable world championships in history. Why do you think your victory in Sallanches is so etched in cycling history?

Bernard Hinault: Well, firstly, because the course was just so hard!

Peloton: It was a race that we rarely have seen since. You were one of the big favorites, the leader of the French national team, yet you attacked already on the first lap and basically won the race from the front. We just don’t see that in modern-day racing?

Hinault: Again, the course was so hard. It was a race for the strongest. You had to be one of the strongest just to be able to follow the pace. When you are the strongest on a course like that, well, you can just drop everybody, à la pédale! I was super well-trained and I was at the summit of my career. If the world championship circuit had been that difficult for the next four years I would have been world champion for the next four years!

On race day, I just told my teammates to keep me at the front for the first 10 laps and then I would take care of the rest. And that is what I did. The Côte de Domancy was just so hard. It was ideal for me. I didn’t need a lot of strategy. The final five or six laps up the hill I just rode a steady tempo like I did in the mountains until, finally, nobody could follow. I didn’t have any help. I just went to the front each time we hit the climb. Each lap, more and more riders dropped—bing, bing! And finally the last rider, Baronchelli, blew about 500 meters from the summit of the final ascension and I rode in to victory.

Peloton: Yeah, but you withdrew from the Tour de France that year due to tendinitis. You weren’t worried that you would lose the needed condition?

Hinault: No, I just sat out for eight days, the time for the swelling to subside and then I started riding again. Don’t forget, I had won Liège-Bastogne-Liège that year as well as the Tour of Italy, and I withdrew from the Tour de France with the yellow jersey. So I was really in great shape. As long as I didn’t take too long to recover, I knew that I would be okay, and that was the case! After I got back on my bike, the condition returned quickly. I used the Tour of Germany to prepare that year and felt really good there. So I was confident going into the race.

Peloton: You were so confident that, according to legend, you promised the national team coach three years earlier that you would win the world championships that year. Is that really true?

Hinault: Absolutely. I didn’t know where exactly the race would be. I didn’t know it would be on such a hard circuit. But I knew it would be in France and I was going to do everything to win it there.

Peloton: Bernard, you’ve won so many great races, all of the grand tours, monuments like Liège-Bastogne-Liège and Paris-Roubaix. How does your world title resonate today?

Hinault: Like all of the others. We ride to win the great races. And each time we do, it’s a great satisfaction. And winning the worlds remains one of my great victories. You just always want to give your best in this race. It brings out the best in riders!

Peloton: What is it like wearing the rainbow jersey all year long? You instantly become a marked rider. Is it harder to get results?

Hinault: Ah, no. It’s a great honor. Not everybody gets a chance to wear it. And because I had the rainbow jersey, I made sure I was in shape earlier the following season. As a result, I won races earlier in the season. That was the year that I won Paris-Roubaix. Usually I wasn’t competitive so early in the season.

Peloton: True, it was a race you truly disliked. And yet you won it with the world champion’s jersey! You once called Paris-Roubaix a…what kind of race?

Hinault: A shit race! Paris-Roubaix was just too dangerous for me. When you know that you can win a race like the Tour de France, you don’t think about Paris-Roubaix. If you crash there, your season can be finished!

Peloton: This year’s world championship is going to be very different.

Hinault: Well, it won’t be hard like in Sallanches. That is something that is not going to be the case in Doha this year. It’s completely flat.

Peloton: That’s for sure, although many people are saying that the wind could really blow things apart!

Hinault: Sure, but all good sprinters at the professional level know how to ride in the wind, or at least they should! In addition, the race finishes on a circuit in the city, so there is plenty of opportunity for the race to come together again. And now they are talking about reducing the length of the race to only 107 kilometers if it is too hot—well, then, the world championships will be reduced to a virtual criterium! No, I think regardless of the conditions, all the big sprinters will be there at the finish and it is going to be a big mass sprint.

If indeed they cut the race distance from nearly 260 kilometers down to 107, it won’t have the same value. You just won’t be able to compare the race to other world championships. There are going to be a lot more riders capable of winning a race that is so short. That said, you still have to win it!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0003095-64f6e425095b48b69f4f6bcab5a403a7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000033106 00000000000 015114  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Having broken into the England Test side the player’s decision to walk away from the game aged 25 caused quite a stir but he explains that, for him, there is a lot more to life than cricket

Professional sport is scarred by stories of ageing athletes clinging to faded glory, or by bleak tales of their struggles in retirement, and so Zafar Ansari stands out in shimmering contrast. Ansari played three Tests late last year, his debut in Bangladesh and two in India, picking up five wickets and grinding out a highest score of 32. It was a start in the hardest arena of cricket and so Ansari’s retirement in April, at the age of 25, seemed unusual.

Of course those who knew him felt no shock. Alec Stewart, the director of cricket at Surrey, for whom Ansari had played since the age of eight, was supportive. “It’s a brave and considered decision,” Stewart said. “He was always open and honest.”

County cricket: Yorkshire v Surrey and more as day-night matches begin – live! Read more

Stewart alluded to Ansari’s academic background, for the left-arm spinner had obtained a double first in social and political science from Trinity Hall, Cambridge, as well as a subsequent MA in history. “When Zafar was reading a novel, the rest of our boys would be doing a colouring-in book,” Stewart said in his homespun way. Kevin Pietersen, who played with Ansari at Surrey, tweeted amusingly: “Way too clever to be a cricketer!”

Over the last six weeks I have got to know Ansari a little better. It is striking to receive some beautifully written emails from a sportsman, whether young or retired, about subjects stretching from I Am Not Your Negro, the recent James Baldwin documentary, to Ansari’s encouraged and flowing analysis of Labour’s unexpected election results. Books and writing have been at the heart of our exchanges, from Hisham Matar’s The Return to Norman Mailer’s The Fight.

It seems fitting that Ansari suggests we meet at the National Theatre, rather than The Oval, so he can talk for the first time in detail about his reasons for leaving cricket. After we have chatted for an hour he relives the quietly dramatic moment when he told his Surrey team-mates he was retiring a month into a new season: “There definitely were a few tears. I was choking up, and eventually crying. Other guys were also in tears. Alec Stewart choked up and Kumar Sangakkara said some lovely things. A physio I’ve known a long time was crying his eyes out. It was tough.”

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ansari appeals unsuccessfully during the County Championship Division One match between Surrey and Lancashire at The Oval in April. It was to be his last game as a professional cricketer. Photograph: Jordan Mansfield/Getty Images

Ansari smiles at his bittersweet memory. “It’s difficult when you don’t have a Twitter account, and are reserved in your public output, because these are very hard decisions you spend hours talking about with your family. But once you stop playing it’s natural there are lots of things you’ll miss. So it was reassuring it felt difficult.

“It would actually be inhuman to think that you’d just forget. You can’t move away from something you did for so long without an ache. But I’m fortunate this is my choice – rather than a decision forced on me by injury or age. It happened over a long period as my competitive instinct was diminishing – and there was a fundamental sense I needed to be not only obsessive about cricket but obsessive about constantly improving my game. I started to tire of the complete immersion demanded by cricket.”

Ansari’s involvement with England’s Test team underlined that consuming focus – while making him regret the way in which international sport isolated him from real life. “I don’t want to make it sound negative but being an England cricketer requires a single-mindedness about cricket I lack. At Surrey, having lots of disparate things in my life helped my cricket. But this approach was not appropriate with England. The standard of cricket and the intensity of being abroad for 12 weeks, with the press around you, meant I could not be myself. I was missing out on things that are authentic to me.”

He was proud to have become a Test cricketer and Ansari knew he should be thinking more about bowling to Cheteshwar Pujara and Virat Kohli than worrying about Donald Trump. But such a restricted worldview did not make sense. “It was a very politically significant time. Trump was elected on the first day of our opening Test in India. I was batting at 10 and we weren’t allowed our phones in the dressing room. I was getting snippets of information from security but I felt so disconnected from something I would have been hyper-connected to here. The combination of playing very difficult cricket, while missing things that mattered so much, made me think more clearly about my future.

Pink balls at night may not be every County Championship batsman’s delight | Vic Marks Read more

“I heard the news about Trump at the end of that day’s play. We got our phones and it was a shocking moment. I expected [Hillary] Clinton to edge it and found it difficult to accept. I’ve since focused most on the policy – like changes to healthcare provision, the attempted Muslim ban, as well as the ramping up of immigration and deportations – rather than just thinking of Trump as the clown he often appears. It’s important to be less hysterical about the person but more hysterical about the political implications.”

Could he talk about such concerns to his England team-mates?

“Yeah, and I think they enjoyed the fact we had conversations around the breakfast table that we wouldn’t normally have as cricketers. They are by no means apolitical but their focus is inward a lot of the time. So we had some interesting discussions and there was a range of opinions.

“I don’t know if there were any people who were pro-Trump. But some were definitely sympathetic to things he was saying. I took it as a positive that there was space for these conversations. But when you have a degree there’s this expectation you can provide answers to questions you have no idea about. I’m just not that well-read so sometimes it was quite funny.”

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Zafar Ansari bowls during his Test debut for England against Bangladesh at the Shere Bangla National Stadium in Dhaka in October 2016. Photograph: Philip Brown/Popperfoto/Getty Images

Just as people expect Ansari to be the proverbial boffin, it was assumed by some that he would leave cricket for a career in the City. “People were really supportive of my decision to retire. Mike Atherton wrote a really nice piece – as did Ali Martin in the Guardian. But there can be the assumption that because you’ve been to Cambridge you’d only give up cricket to earn a lot of money. My girlfriend and friends found that quite funny – because they know how far it is from the truth. Cricketers don’t get paid like footballers but I was earning more than my parents – and they have been academics for 40 years. So if money was a motivation I would have stayed longer in cricket.”

Ansari smiles when he outlines his plans for the next year.

“I’m going to work for a charity, starting in September, which supports young people from disadvantaged backgrounds. It’s called Just For Kids Law and they’re in north London. They work with young people involved in the criminal justice system. These are kids from disadvantaged backgrounds with educational difficulties, exclusions and immigration cases. I’m doing a year there as a trainee youth advocate while taking an evening law conversion course. It’s a great opportunity to develop new skills and, hopefully, help a few people.”

Compassion for others, and curiosity about their lives, beats just as strongly inside Ansari as his intelligence. “There are many people in cricket who are cleverer than me,” he suggests. “I think what perhaps differentiated me from other players wasn’t necessarily my ‘intelligence’ but rather my wider interests. I love going to the cinema, I love listening to podcasts and hearing people talking about politics and broader social issues.”

Did he sometimes feel unhappy as a cricketer? “It sometimes felt claustrophobic with a sense of me wanting to be doing other things. It was a restlessness rather than an unhappiness. I was tussling with it for two years and I worried about letting people down who had invested a lot in me. Alec Stewart had always been very good to me so I was concerned that, because of his own passionate commitment to cricket, he would struggle with me walking away at 25 – and saying that there is more to my life than wanting to be an international cricketer. But it was absolutely the opposite. Alec and everyone at Surrey understood – which really helped.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ansari receives a Surrey youth cricket award from the former Surrey and England captain Adam Hollioake in 2003. Photograph: Adam Davy/Surrey County Cricket Club/Press Association Images

“Since retiring it’s become obvious that the temporality of cricket is so distinctive when you’re a player. You spend five days a week from 9am to 7pm at the ground watching cricket, surrounded by cricketers. But since I’ve stopped playing I’ve started to follow the game more at home. I’ve followed England the last few weeks – and I’m engaging with it most days. I look at the scores online and I might watch 20 minutes of highlights. So that’s 40 minutes a day where I’ve followed cricket for pleasure. I didn’t do that as a player.”

Have there been days when he regretted his decision? “No. I’ve been back to The Oval a few times, as I’m still involved with Surrey’s charitable arm, and I’ve been up to the dressing room during games. It’s felt very comfortable.”

Ansari can now savour his three Test appearances. “Absolutely. The crowds weren’t that large in India [in Rajkot and Visakhapatnam] or Bangladesh – but they were intense and exuberant. The atmosphere made it special and I am more and more proud of those five wickets and the 49 runs I scored. My first Test wicket in Bangladesh was quite magical and it meant a lot when I was handed my cap. Mark Ramprakash [England’s batting coach] and I had played a little cricket together and he spoke incredibly kindly about me. That sense of entering an exclusive group is something to be proud of.”

Eoin Morgan says dropping himself from series decider was a ‘tough call’ Read more

Did his more expansive interests outside cricket help him cope with failure better – when he dropped a catch or bowled poorly? “I probably felt those failures as much as anyone. In the moment of failure, or even the day of the failure, it hurt. But I could rationalise the situation a little more easily. I could genuinely say to myself that there are things that are more important in my life.”

Ansari flummoxed many whenever he was asked to pick his dream slip cordon. In 2015 he listed Malcolm X, Rosa Luxemburg, Chimamanda Adichie and Angela Davis. He laughs. “We get asked to do them every year and it’s funny how people pick up on that particular selection. Malcolm X is definitely someone I’m fascinated by but the last one I did included Rihanna and James Baldwin. It’s just fun.”

There is a seriousness, however, to Ansari’s interest in race and politics. His Masters’ thesis explored the legacy of the Deacons for Defense – an obscure 1960s black civil rights group in Mississippi and Louisiana.

“They were more conservative than the Black Panthers. But they were based in the deep south and reflected their geography. The Black Panthers had a more coherent leftist ideology but the expressive politics of the Deacons for Defense were very powerful. Considering America today, with Black Lives Matter, I looked back and tried to assess all the Deacons of Defense had done.”

Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘I started to tire of the complete immersion demanded by cricket,’ says Ansari, who will start working for a charity and studying at a law conversion course in September. Photograph: Sarah Lee/for the Guardian

The world today is even more fractured and dangerous. With a white mother and having been born in Ascot and gone to Cambridge, Ansari stresses that: “I obviously had a privileged upbringing. But I think I look at the urgent questions we face today through my father’s eyes, to some extent, an Asian man and a Muslim. He arrived in the UK from Pakistan in the early 1960s, aged 14, and I always try to consider things from his perspective.

“Society is in a concerning place whatever your background. There are troubling questions about inequality and the atomisation of people – the way in which societies are splitting up socially and economically. There are 3.1 million Muslims in this country and it’s often very difficult to have conversations about divisions in British society after devastating attacks on all communities. But it’s important we keep having those conversations.”

Cricket is a wonderful diversion – and, as Ansari makes clear, it can also play a part in uniting communities. “It was a special moment this winter when we had four very different England players with a Muslim background in Moeen Ali, Adil Rashid, Haseeb Hameed and me on tour. They will continue to be great representatives for England.”

Ansari will make his own lasting contribution in very different fields. At 25 it’s impossible to know yet where his best work will unfold – but it is easy to believe that, beyond cricket, so many more people will benefit from his intelligence and concern for the world around him. Zafar Ansari’s real life, after all, has only just begun.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003019-12c7d8900fd4606241188b2e4e175c08.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004472 00000000000 014604  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Pirelli has overhauled its tyre concept to reduce degradation for 2017, as requested by the new rules, allowing drivers to push harder in a philosophy that is a departure from the policy it has followed since it became F1's tyre supplier in 2011.

Pirelli motorsport chief Hembery has previously said F1 could end up with processional racing this year because the rules shake-up, which includes significant tweaks to aerodynamics, will spread the field out.

Speaking at an event in Turin to mark Pirelli's 110th motorsport anniversary, Hembery told Motorsport.com that if the new tyre concept does not deliver a good show, the blame should not lie with the Italian company.

"You can't please everyone and you can only go in one of two directions," Hembery said. "We did something from the outset which was desired, then there was a decision to go in another direction.

"We're just following what the sport asks us. All we ask is that they tell us what they want. There's no point in complaining that we deliver what we have been asked to deliver.

"As a sport we're moving in a different direction, and if it works as people say then we should get good racing."

While the modified 2015 mule cars Pirelli used for testing failed to deliver the required amount of downforce expected in 2017, the tyre supplier was able to fall back on simulation data.

"The biggest challenge is if you don't have downforce, you might not be able to get the tyres working as intended, because we worked to a level of downforce given by the simulation," he said.

"It's true the mule cars were some way off in terms of performance levels, but we do have the simulation data.

"That's the question, how close will the cars be to that data – maybe they will have more and go much quicker."

Hembery feels while there may be fewer pitstops, the change in the rules should create a situation where overtaking possibilities are increased.

"We'll see fewer stops," he said. "That comes with less degradation. You come into the pits either because of performance loss [due to degradation] or wear, and in this case we are reducing both.

"We'll see a lot more one-stop races but if we deliver with the aerodynamic package cars that are closer together, and the tyre's not overheating on the surface, drivers will be able to push and lead to a scenario where overtaking is improved."                                                                                                                                                                                                      0003137-9438765bb076be456aa56801d1045bd1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007162 00000000000 014662  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Earlier this month, KrebsOnSecurity published The Reincarnation of a Bulletproof Hoster, which examined evidence suggesting that a Web hosting company called HostSailor was created out of the ashes of another, now-defunct hosting firm notorious for harboring spammers, scammers and other online ne’er-do-wells. Today, HostSailor’s lawyers threatened to sue this author unless the story is removed from the Web.

Obviously, I stand by my reporting and have no intention of unpublishing stories. But I’m writing about HostSailor again here because I promised to post an update if they ever responded to my requests for comment.

The letter, signed by Abdullah Alzarooni Advocates in Dubai — where HostSailor says it is based — carries the subject line, “Warning from Acts of Extortion and Abuse of the Privacy of Third Parties.” It lists a number of links to content the company apparently finds objectionable.

Could this same kind of legal pressure be why security industry giant Trend Micro removed all reference to HostSailor from the report that started all this? Trend hasn’t responded to direct questions about that.

Astute readers will notice in the letter (pasted below) a link to a Twitter message from this author among the many things HostSailor’s lawyers will like me to disappear from the Internet. That tweet to HostSailor’s Twitter account read:

“Potential downside of reporting ISIS sites: The hosting firm (ahem @HostSailor) may share your info/name/report with ISIS. Opsec, people!”

I sent that tweet after hearing from a source with whom I’ve been working to report sites affiliated with the jihadist militant group ISIS. The source had reported to HostSailor several of its Internet addresses that were being used by a propaganda site promoting videos of beheadings and other atrocities by ISIS, and he shared emails indicating that HostSailor had simply forwarded his abuse email on to its customer — complete with my source’s name and contact information. Thankfully, he was using a pseudonym and throwaway email address.

HostSailor’s twitter account responded by saying that the company doesn’t share information about its customers. But of course my tweet was regarding information shared about someone who is not a HostSailor customer.

This isn’t the first time KrebsOnSecurity has been threatened with lawsuits over stories published here. The last time I got one of these letters was in Sept. 2015, from a lawyer representing AshleyMadison’s former chief technology officer. The year before, it was Sony Pictures Entertainment, whose lawyers lashed out a large number of publications for too closely covering its epic and unprecedented data breach in 2014.

Prior to that, I received some letters from the lawyers for Igor Gusev, one of the main characters in my book, Spam Nation. Mr. Gusev’s attorneys insisted that I was publishing stolen information — pictures of him, financial records from his spam empire “SpamIt” — and demanded that I remove all offending items and publish an apology.

My attorney in that instance laughed out loud when I shared the letter from Gusev’s lawyers, calling it a “blivit.” When I apparently took more than a moment to get the joke, he explained that a “blivit” is a term coined by the late great author Kurt Vonnegut, who defined it as “two pounds of shit in a one-pound bag.”

Only time will tell if this letter is a blivit as well. I’ve taken the liberty of sanitizing the PDF document it came in, and converting that into two image files – in case anyone wants to take a look.

Tags: Abdullah Alzarooni Advocates, blivit, HostSailor, Kurt Vonnegut, trend micro                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0003021-4ccce1256df08e3c0ae18527e762a8c1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000021761 00000000000 015152  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In March 1987 Daniel Morgan, a private detective, was murdered in Sydenham in south east London, just as he was reportedly close to revealing police corruption with links to the News of the World.

You might ask why we would want to look at a murder that took place 25 years ago, but it’s important to understand that the collusion between the police and press that’s being uncovered now isn’t just about events that took place in the past few years, but a pattern of corruption that goes back many decades, and that many of the people involved with past corruption are still involved with the Hackgate scandal even now.

After repeated failed police inquiries into the murder which themselves have been mired in corruption the family of Daniel Morgan are still seeking justice, and have spent the past two decades running the Justice 4 Daniel campaign.

Southern Investigations

In 1984 Daniel Morgan and Jonathan Rees Jonathan Rees set up the detective agency Southern Investigations Jonathan Rees is alleged to have had a “network of corrupt police who were involved in widespread criminality and used Southern Investigations as a conduit for drugs and money”, and that Rees “counted many officers as friends. One of his specialities was to use his "friends" in the force to provide information which he sold to tabloid newspapers.”

On the other hand Daniel Morgan’s role “involved him acting as a bailiff or utilising his particular talent for remembering car registration plates and telephone numbers”.

It is believed that at the time of his murder Daniel Morgan was planning to expose police corruption, described by his brother as “police involvement with criminals, involvement with drugs and weapons importation."

More recently, Tom Watson MP alleged in a Commons adjournment debate that Daniel Morgan has approached Alex Muranchak of the News of the World with a story making allegations about police corruption a week before he died, and was offered £40,000 for the story. He described the relationship between Jonathan Rees and Alex Marunchak as "a close association between Rees and Marunchak ... a relationship that was so close they both had companies registered at the same address". Watson also stated that "thanks to a Guardian investigation we also know that Southern Investigations paid the debts of Marunchak ".

Alex Marunchak would go on to deny those allegations , as well as other allegations made by Tom Watson.

The death of Daniel Morgan

At 9.30pm on Tuesday March 10th 1987 Daniel Morgan’s body was discovered next to his BMW in the parking lot of the Golden Lion pub. An axe, wrapped in Elastoplasts to obscure fingerprints, was protruding at a right angle from his face, his pockets torn open, with notes he had been seen writing missing, but with his wallet and watch still on his body, and he was still holding the two packets of crisps purchased inside the pub.

He had let the Golden Lion pub at 8:55pm after meeting with Jonathan Rees to discuss an issue that was putting pressure on their already fraught relationship. Rees had claimed he had been robbed while transporting £18,000 for a client of Southern Investigations, Belmont Car Auctions, with at least one moonlighting police officer. Both Morgan and Belmont Car Auctions believed this was a lie, and Rees and his associates had taken the money for themselves.

At the 1988 inquest into the murder the Southern Investigations accountant Kevin Lennon said that Jonathan Rees had told him “I've got the perfect solution for Daniel's murder. My mates at Catford nick are going to arrange it” and went on to say "He went on to explain to me that if they didn't do it themselves the police would arrange for some person over whom they had some criminal charge pending to carry out Daniel's murder."

The initial police investigation into the murder

Detective Sergeant Sid Fillery at Catford police station was assigned to the case, failing to reveal to his superiors that he had been working for Southern Investigations

At the 1988 inquest Kevin Lennon said Rees wanted Morgan dead after a row: "John Rees explained that, when or after Daniel Morgan had been killed, he would be replaced by a friend of his who was a serving policeman, Detective Sergeant Sid Fillery", and eventually would end up in business with Jonathan Rees at Southern Investigations, recruiting corrupt police officers, and was later convicted for the possession of child pornography.

Sid Fillery and Jonathan Rees would later be arrested in 1987 on suspicion of murder , along with the brothers Glenn and Garry Vian and two Metropolitan police officers, but eventually all of them were released without charge.

Inquiries into the murder

Over the next 20 years five investigations would look into the murder of Daniel Morgan . The initial investigation into the murder by the Metropolitan Police focused on Sid Fillery and Jonathan Rees, both who denied involvement in the murder. This was followed by an inquiry by Hampshire Police in 1988 focusing on Jonathan Rees and another man, but the charges were dropped because of a lack of evidence, with the Hampshire inquiry's 1989 report to the Police Complaints Authority stated that "no evidence whatsoever" had been found of police involvement in the murder. During this period Sid Fillery left the police to join Southern Investigations as Jonathan Rees’ business partner.

In 1999 Operation Nigeria began to investigate Southern Investigations, with bugs being placed inside the Southern Investigations offices by the police. The operation ceased when Jonathan Rees was recorded conspiring with a corrupt police officer to plant cocaine on an innocent woman in order to discredit her during a custody battle, and in December 2000 he was jailed for seven years.

In 2002-2003 a fourth inquiry began, involving the bugging of a suspect’s car and the home of Glenn Vian. The investigation obtained evidence that linked a number of individuals to the murder, but the Crown Prosecution Service decided there was insufficient evidence to proceed with a prosecution.

The fifth inquiry took place in 2006, headed by Detective Superintendent David Cook was set up in secret after Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Ian Blair declared that the first investigation had been compromised by the involvement of Sid Fillery.

Concerns over connections between Masonic Lodge members and the murder required the 36 police officers involved with the case to state they had never been Freemasons, with Cook describing the murder as being one of the worst kept secrets in south-east London, claiming “a whole cabal of people” knew the identity of at least some of those involved. He also claimed attempts had been made to smear Daniel Morgan’s character and there had been attempts to link him with Colombian drug dealers. He identified the main suspects as "white Anglo-Saxons".

Yet again bugs were placed, Jonathan Rees, Sid Fillery, and Glenn and Gary Vian were arrested, along with a builder, James Cook, all on suspicion of murder, plus other related charges. This time however, the suspects made it to court.

The 2011 Old Bailey trial

The trial was badly handled by the prosecution , with 3 supergrass informers being dismissed as key witnesses, resulting in a stay of prosecution for Sid Fillery and James Cook being discharged.

In March 2011 the Director of Public Prosecutions abandoned the case and all remaining charges were dropped. The case had yet to reach the stage where it would look at the murder as it was still dealing with preliminary issues when the prosecution collapsed. The judge noted the case’s vastness and complexity, and considered that the prosecution had been principled and right to drop the case, but the police had “ample grounds to justify the arrest and prosecution of the defendants”.

A massive amount of evidence had been gathered, over 750,000 documents, with four more crates of evidence being discovered after the trial collapsed.

Links to the News of the World

After the trial collapsed it was revealed that Jonathan Rees had been working for the News of the World, earning £150,000 supplying illegally obtained information about figures in the public eye. After serving the prison sentence for perverting the course of justice after the Operation Nigeria inquiry Andy Coulson , then editor of the News of the World, hired Jonathan Rees, and worked regularly with the Sunday and Daily Mirror as well. Andy Coulson was later hired by David Cameron as director of communications despite warnings about Andy Coulson’s hiring of the convicted criminal Jonathan Rees.

Using a network of corrupt police officers he illegally obtained information on a variety of public figures, including the Royal family, and was also alleged to have commissioned burglaries on behalf of journalists. However, despite detailed evidence the Metropolitan Police failed to pursue any action against Rees, even to the point of taking the News of the World at their word that Clive Goodman had worked alone when he was convicted for intercepting phone calls from Clarence House.



[Forward to The Leveson Inquiry]

[Index]               0003176-52d54219e42c06b6469ac4ca66da3cd8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003204 00000000000 015100  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Muslim pilgrims circumambulate around the holy Kaaba during the ritual pilgrimages of Haj and Umrah at the Grand Mosque. REUTERS/Muhammad Hamed

The largest bank in Saudi Arabia has decided to turn itself into a fully Islamic bank in the next five years after coming in for criticism from the country's Islamic scholars. The state-run bank's decision came amid a $6 billion initial public offer -- the largest ever equity sale in the Arab financial world.

National Commercial Bank, or NCB, which has assets worth $116 billion, according to Reuters, works along Sharia-compliant Islamic banking guidelines but also follows certain Western banking conventions. NCB's decision to transform itself into a fully Islamic financial institution comes after some members of the Council of Senior Scholars, the country's highest religious body, said that it will not be possible to invest in the bank's share offer because too much of its business was non-Islamic.

"Religion comes above everything," Sheikh Abdullah al-Mutlaq, one of the council members, told state television, according to Reuters.

While securities analysts said that such criticism of the bank's policies will not hamper the bank's public listing, NCB held a meeting on Thursday to discuss with the components of its board, such as the bank's chief executive, chairman and other officials, on how to make it Sharia-compliant.

By June, two-thirds of the bank's assets were Islamic in nature while the remaining was conventional, according to Reuters. The Sharia board has certified that 78 percent of NCB's financing deals, 92 percent of its liabilities and 73 percent of its income, were Sharia-compliant.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0003125-bc16c8bb5c95fa3db2c4d1eef5970f4f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015637 00000000000 015475  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The layout principles–columns and rows, angles and lines–that we use to build websites today are largely influenced by their print heritage. And although grid implementation on the web is getting better and more polished, web layout in general is still awkward compared to print media, especially when it comes to content flow.

Magazines and newspapers have always enjoyed elegant ways for arranging content layout, such as wrapping text around, or inside, non-rectangular shapes.

Multipurpose Magazine by GreenSocks

Let’s explore how the CSS Shapes Module will allow us this same freedom on the web.

Quick Intro to CSS Shapes

CSS Shapes enable web designers to create more abstract, geometric layouts, beyond simple rectangles and squares. The specification provides us with new CSS properties which include shape-outside and shape-margin . Browser support is reasonable, though these properties are currently only available in Chrome, Opera, and Safari, with the -webkit- prefix, hence -webkit-shape-outside .

The shape-outside property will cause inline content to wrap around (outside) following the element curve, rather than the box model. Initially there was also shape-inside to wrap the content inside an element; text within a circular element would be moulded into a circle shape as well. However, the implementation has been postponed for CSS Shapes Level 2.

From top to bottom: shape-outside and shape-inside in action.

The shape-margin property sets the margin around whichever shape is using the shape-outside .

Let’s take a look at some examples.



Creating a Shape

The easiest way to find out how CSS Shapes works is probably through creating a circle. So, here’s a div (our circle), with several paragraphs alongside.

Here’s some basic styling, including the width and the height of our circle, the border-radius to shape the element, and a float so the paragraph wraps around the element.

As the we would except, the paragraphs is now wrapped around the element. However, since the border-radius property does not define the actual element shape, the paragraph wrap does not form the circle curve.

If we inspect the element through our browser DevTools, we will find the element is, in fact, still a box. So, even though our div has the appearance of a circle, the border-radius has done nothing to the actual shape of the element.

Notice the rectangular highlight around the element.

In order for our paragraph to adhere to the circular shape, we need to change the actual element shape through the shape-outside property; in this case, we’ll add one with the circle() function passed as the value.

Our paragraphs now wrap neatly around the circle’s circumference.

Additionally, if we now inspect the element through DevTools, we’ll see that the element is properly rendered into a circle.

Notice the darker highlight.

With some margins, look how it might enhance a simple layout:

Customizing the Circle

The circle() function takes a couple of values for defining the radius and the center coordinate respectively: circle(r at x y) . By default, the radius value is derived from the element size; if the element is 300px wide, for instance, the radius will be 150px (the radius being half of the circle’s diameter).

Similarly, the x and y coordinates are measured relative to the element’s size, and they are by default set at 50% 50% ; right at the centre of the element.

The circle is positioned at the center of the element.

These two values will come in useful when you want to resize the shape, while keeping the actual element size, or move the shape while retaining the element position. In the following example, we’ll reduce the circle radius down to 60px and set the center coordinate to 30% 70% , which should move the circle to the bottom left of the element box.

The paragraphs now pass through the element box following the circle size. View the demo.

It is worth noting that when modifying the circle both the center coordinate and the radius have to be explicitly defined; adding only one of the them is invalid.

Shape Box Model

CSS Shapes inherit the same box model principle as the element, but applied outside the scope of the element itself. This allows us to separately set the element, say, to border-box while setting the shape to padding-box . To change the shape box model, add one of the box model keywords, content-box , margin-box , border-box , or padding-box after the function.

The default box-model of the shape is set to margin-box . And in the following example, we’ve changed it to padding-box to tell the browser to exclude the element margin when determining the shape size or span. Now we should find the paragraph pass through the border, and immediately touching the padding of the element.

The orange square is the margin, the yellow square is the border, and the green square is the padding,

I highly recommend checking out our free course on the Basics of CSS Box Model for more about how the box-model works in detail.

Creating More Shapes

The CSS Shapes specification comes with a few more shape functions:

ellipse() : As the name implies, this function will create an ellipse shape. We can configure the ellipse radius and move the shape center coordinate as well. But unlike the circle() function, the ellipse() function applies two radius measurements, horizontal and vertical, hence ellipse( 100px 180px at 10% 20% ) .

: As the name implies, this function will create an ellipse shape. We can configure the ellipse radius and move the shape center coordinate as well. But unlike the function, the function applies two radius measurements, horizontal and vertical, hence . polygon() : This function enables us to create more complex shapes like triangles, hexagons, as well as non-geometrical shapes. Using polygon is not as easy as creating a circle, but the Path to Polygon Converter tool makes it a bit more intuitive.

Wrapping Up

In this tutorial, we looked into the basic application of CSS Shapes; we created a shape, customized the size, the position, and the box model. At the time of the writing, several aspects of CSS Shapes are still very rough around the edges, which is probably why we don’t see it used widely just yet.

As mentioned earlier in this tutorial, the CSS Shapes shape-inside property, which allows us to wrap and shape content inside an element, has been put on ice.

property, which allows us to wrap and shape content inside an element, has been put on ice. The CSS Shapes specification provides a separate property named shape-box to define the shape box-model, though it currently seems inapplicable to any browsers.

to define the shape box-model, though it currently seems inapplicable to any browsers. Safari requires the -webkit- prefix, highlighting that this feature is experimental.

Nonetheless, despite slow progress and disparity across browsers at the moment, I’m looking forward to CSS Shapes! Once the major browsers pick it up I can’t wait to see some really creative layouts on the web!                                                                                                 0003089-238410a4d78901798cca0d05d6e136ed.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011501 00000000000 014742  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. — When Minnesota Vikings coach Mike Zimmer canceled the last session of minicamp as a reward for the team’s offseason work, most players were surprised and delighted by the early start on summer vacation.

Moritz Böhringer wasn’t so sure.

More Vikings coverage

"I wanted to practice," Böhringer said, smiling wryly, "because it’s always good to get some more reps."

Nobody on the 90-man roster needs more training than Böhringer, the rookie wide receiver from Germany who became the first draft pick in the history of the NFL to come directly from a country outside the United States.

His deficiencies haven’t been for a lack of dedication, though. This is simply the situation he’s in, having discovered the sport about five years ago through YouTube videos of Vikings running back Adrian Peterson. He has played competitively for merely three seasons at a level nowhere near as sophisticated or intense as the league is entering.

"He’s starting from way, way, way behind," offensive coordinator Norv Turner said.

For the Schwabisch Hall Unicorns in 2015, Böhringer had 16 touchdown receptions and an average of 20.9 yards per catch in 21 games on his way to the German Football League’s rookie of the year award. The Unicorns only ran 70 or 80 plays out of five or six formations, paling in comparison to the complexity of Turner’s playbook with the Vikings.

Naturally, Böhringer’s helmet has been spinning this spring in his attempt to grasp the route concepts, blocking responsibilities and advanced footwork technique required to excel at his highly skilled position.

He threw up on the field during his first practice in Minnesota, last month at rookie minicamp. Throughout the workouts with the full team over the past three-plus weeks, Böhringer has dropped plenty of passes.

"Most of the time it’s a mental thing, because I’m not 100 percent comfortable with the playbook," Böhringer said Thursday after the Vikings wrapped up their offseason program and adjourned for six weeks until training camp. "But I think it’ll come after time."

The Vikings have raved about the 22-year-old’s acuity, despite his inexperience. General manager Rick Spielman declared Böhringer "off-the-charts smart," fully confident he can grasp the intricacies of American football with time.

"You want to start at the grassroots and work your way up, and we’ve been doing that with him. He’s extremely intelligent, so he catches onto things pretty well," wide receivers coach George Stewart said. "He understands exactly what I’m trying to communicate to him. He has a great understanding of the language."

FOLLOW US

FS North on Facebook

FS North on Twitter

FS North on YouTube

FS North on Instagram

Culture hasn’t been an issue, either, beyond a couple of predictable hiccups. His golf debut didn’t go so well — "I don’t think it’s my sport, but I tried," he said with a laugh — and he was unaware of the American custom of tipping restaurant servers that is uncommon in Europe.

"We go out to eat almost every night, so that’s something that was kind of eye-opening for him and he’s still kind of getting used to," said quarterback Joel Stave, his roommate this spring. "Every once in a while, he’ll leave a dollar and we’ve got to cover it for him."

Böhringer and Stave have formed a playbook study group with another rookie, tight end David Morgan.

"He’s getting more comfortable with the offense, he’s getting more comfortable with just football here, and he’s getting more comfortable with the guys," Stave said. "He seems more confident, and it seems like he’s having more fun. It’s been a lot of fun getting to know him and a lot of fun getting to talk to him and see what it’s like coming from a different background like that."

Targeted as a prospect through the NFL’s expanding international outreach program, Böhringer blew away the scouts at Florida Atlantic University’s pro day workout with a 4.43-second 40-yard dash. His 6-foot-4, 227-pound frame stoked the buzz around the league.

Spielman called Stewart into his office one day during the pre-draft evaluation process at team headquarters to watch a YouTube highlight video of Böhringer’s GFL games . They were sold. Rather than risking a wait to sign him after the draft, the Vikings took him in the sixth round.

"There are not a lot of receivers who are as big as me and have athletic ability. I think this combination is pretty unique," Böhringer said.

He’s equally aware of the marketing implications accompanying his arrival.

"I think that’s the best way to spread the game, having players from other countries be as role models," Böhringer said.

Soon he’ll report to training camp and put the pads on, bringing a new bunch of challenges.

"I still have to get used to that it’s my job now," Böhringer said, "and not just a hobby."                                                                                                                                                                                               0003117-e435129979fdc1c9f245a30926c35b4f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001553 00000000000 014757  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        That's bad policy for Americans as well as Cubans, and it's based on a disingenuous argument. The putative reason for the change is that Cuba still violates the human rights of its own people, including jailing dissidents and independent journalists. But hasn't the Trump administration been moving the U.S. away from its focus on human rights around the world? Pressing foreign governments to end oppression has been a mainstay of U.S. foreign policy for decades under Republican and Democratic administrations — but Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told State Department employees last month that the U.S. would no longer put such a premium on human rights issues because such considerations could interfere with our national interests. Trump has vowed to put "America first" and has been loathe to criticize foreign leaders publicly for their violations of human rights.                                                                                                                                                     0003093-4d2f4a3e4a3e88aa788efd40a9d54786.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017260 00000000000 015211  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The use of the word “toon” to describe MMORPG characters is a contentious one, with fans divided over its annoyance or acceptance. But when it came to one MMORPG, it was nothing but proper terminology to call all characters just this.

Toontown Online was one of those “kiddie MMOs” that you probably ignored unless you happen to fall within its demographical clutches back in the day. While it lasted for about a decade, the game’s operation would be notable for its repeated transformation and uncertain status.

With a silly, cartoon-like look and theme, this MMO attempted to bring a levity to a genre that was often marinating in deep fantasy lore and statistical theorycrafting. But when you wanted to eschew dragon fighting for slapstick pie throwing, there was no better game out there. Let’s take a look!

M.I.C.K.E.Y. MMO.U.S.E.

The year 2003 witnessed an explosion of MMORPGs that had been in development after the first generation of graphical MMOs rose to such prominence in the late 1990s. Tucked among Star Wars Galaxies, EVE Online, Shadowbane, Lineage II, and PlanetSide was an odd little title from the Mouse House itself.

Disney had been looking to take its brand online since 1996 (with the proposed yet never-developed HercWorld). Around that time, one Imagineer named Jesse Schell created a virtual game of tag between Mickey and friends as a proof-of-concept that gained traction among the company. Disney’s Internet Zone at its Epcot theme park incorporated the Toontag game for a decade and led to the idea of a family-friendly online game that would be safe and fun for all ages.

The pitch that the internal team gave to its higher-ups was that of a “Massively Multiplayer Online Theme Park,” which obviously appealed to Disney’s sensibilities. But the “20 MMOs in one” concept was too expensive — to the tune of $100 million — and so the team started working on an Atlantis: The Lost Empire MMO as an alternative. This project didn’t make it to launch (fortunately, considering that the movie floundered at the box office), and the team moved on to creating a town full of cartoon characters in the vein of the movie Who Framed Roger Rabbit? With about six million dollars budgeted, Toontown began production in 2000.

Having run its beta (or “sneak peek”) since late 2002, Toontown Online was ready to go prime time with its launch on June 2nd, 2003. Disney Online marketed the game as a “non-violent” alternative to other MMOs that incorporated the experience from Disney’s famous theme park Imagineers.

“We made Toontown a place for everyone, much like our theme parks, so it would appeal to a mass audience. In addition, and in the tradition of the Disney theme parks, this online attraction will grow over time, continuously offering our guests an ever-changing adventure,” said Managing Director Ken Goldstein.

A cartoony community

In the game, players would take on the role of colorful Toons who were attempting to defend their town against soulless “Cogs” — robots who wanted to turn everything into dull grey structures. The only way to fight back was to employ slapstick gags as weapons, such as spritzers, megaphones, or good ol’ fashioned pies in a turn-based showdown. Either the Toons would prevail with their hilarity or the Cogs would overwhelm them with sadness.

Housing, parties, and minigames were also par for the course when a player Toon didn’t want to go out to tackle the Cogs. Interestingly enough, while the game was an official Disney product and featured several licensed characters, the player Toons themselves looked like they came straight from the Looney Toons library.

Toontown Online was specifically designed to encourage players to be social and varied in their activities. They had to farm jellybeans from minigames to purchase gags for combat, and to play those minigames and progress in fights, they needed friends.

“It was almost a religious thing with us: If this is going to be an online game, everything about it should be about playing with other people,” said Schell.

ToonFest and SpeedChat

While no massive hit, Toontown Online nevertheless became a modest success both critically (it was awarded “MMORPG of the Year” in 2003 by Computer Gaming World) and among its growing crowd of fans.

A subscription fee of $9.95 a month kept the title somewhat affordable for families and kids, and a “safe” communication system called SpeedChat. In design, SpeedChat would select pre-made sentences to keep kids from getting harassed, and grouping could only happen if kids exchanged special codes in-person with their friends. Not surprisingly, players found a way to pass out these codes in game even so, arranging housing decorations to form the letters and numbers.

Sony Online Entertainment, a major player in the MMORPG market in the 2000s, got in on the action in 2005. A subsidiary of SOE called Platform Publishing helped to get Toontown Online to retail shelves in an attempt to grow the game’s market. By 2006, 15 million characters had been created for the game.

To its credit, Disney threw a lot of support behind Toontown Online, including hosting a couple of player conventions that it called ToonFest. The first ToonFest was staged in 2006 and got a major publicity bump by the Disney Channel, with a second festival to follow in 2007. Another cool event was an in-game charity event in 2004 in which players recovered Cog-captured buildings to raise money for the Starlight Starbright Children’s Foundation.

The end (or is it?)

The long-running MMO stumbled to a halt on September 19th, 2013, almost 10 years after it first released. No specific reason save that of “shifting development” from Disney was given for the closure, although the company encouraged players to check out its other titles (such as Club Penguin).

CNN put the blame for the shutdown on Toontown Online’s declining population but reported that thousands of players had signed a petition to get Disney to change its mind. The news outlet noted that the game had a special significance to certain gamers: “Because Toontown was a family game open to anyone seven and older, many of its more dedicated users started as children and grew into young adults while playing the game, making it an integral part of their childhood.”

It wasn’t as though Disney was trying to ditch and forget about Toontown Online entirely, however. Rumor was that the title wasn’t making enough money in its current format, and whispers of a mobile port surfaced soon after the shutdown. As of today, any further plans with the game have yet to be unveiled.

Toontown Rewritten

Not willing to let a good thing die, the Toontown fan community gathered the perishing title into its arms and breathed a single word in its ear: “Emulator.” This, mere months after Toontown Online was canceled, Toontown Rewritten started alpha testing.

“We know that it has been a long time since we originally promised the Toontown Rewritten alpha, however we do have good reason for the delays,” the project team posted in October 2013. “The more we worked on Toontown Rewritten, the more we saw that this game is severely outdated and needs a big rework. These past three months we have been setting groundwork to make sure that this game is not only revived, but revived so that it will last.”

This hard work paid off, as Toontown Rewritten progressed through alpha, beta, and finally launch. The fan emulator, which publicly distances itself from the Disney moniker, has been running and delivering new content for four years now.

It really goes to show that you never know how certain MMOs can make a lasting imprint in the minds and hearts of fans and how these games can become virtual homes that players never want to leave.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0003158-003400eaf1943eb4c7b92eb46705f339.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014664 00000000000 014746  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The first day of the First International Conference on Men’s Issues ended on Friday with a short speech by Paul Elam, who was introduced (twice, thanks to a troublesome microphone) by Warren Farrell. Farrell testified to Elam’s warmth and kindness, his love for his wife, and his passion for the so-called men’s rights movement.

The bromance continued on Saturday, as Elam rose to introduce Farrell. The Financial Times named Farrell one of the 100 Greatest Thinkers of the 20th century, Elam said, but he would count him as one of the greatest of the 21st century too. It was Farrell’s book The Myth of Male Power that crystalized his thinking about the troubles between the genders—and that inspired him to create the movement he leads. Two years ago, Elam was posting pictures of women who had committed “offenses against men” on his Register-Her.com website and vowing to “fuck their shit up.” Today, he high-mindedly declared that his goal is to “build bridges between men and women instead of walls.”





Farrell, who once served on the board of the New York City chapter of the National Organization for Women, has come in for his share of controversy and misunderstanding over the years. Renewed interest in the forty-year-old interview he gave to Penthouse about his research on the positive side of incest (cousin-cousin, uncle-niece, aunt-nephew, brother-sister, and same-sex sibling incest are beneficial, he said, in 95 percent of the cases he looked at; mother-son incest is 70 percent positive) hasn’t helped matters; the angry protesters he attracted when he spoke at the University of Toronto in November, 2012 must have stung him too (though men’s rights activists, aka MRAs, made good use of the publicity).

Warren’s embrace of Elam and the corner of the Manosphere that A Voice for Men occupies seems like something of a come-down for a man who has hobnobbed with high-wattage celebrities, appeared on network talk shows, taught at major universities, written bestsellers, and taken calls from the White House. But he clearly hopes that he can help to elevate the movement’s tone—to shift its focus away from reactive hatred of feminism and empowered women, and towards a positive agenda. In his speech, he focused on issues that he believed could attract female allies to the movement, among them the crisis of boys, children’s need for both parents, the need for better communication, the development of a birth control pill for men, and the importance of veterans care.

Provocatively, he suggested that the name “men’s rights activist” be retired. “You know and I know that men do need rights. We need the right to equal parenting. We need the right to not be the only gender registering for the draft. We need the right to have Men’s Studies,” he said. “But men’s rights is a tougher than necessary fight in a world that believes that men made the rules and have all the rights to begin with. It’s like asking for king’s rights.”

Karen Straughan, an LGBT divorced mother of three, identified herself as a lifelong anti-feminist. Going all the way back to Seneca Falls, feminism was always wrong, forever blaming men for problems that women never had. “It is huge, huge power we have as women,” she declared, to the loudest and most sustained applause of the day. “And it’s really time that some of us stepped up and started to use it responsibly.” She was talking about women, of course, but her words echoed Warren Farrell’s admonitions to MRAs as well.

Carnell Smith, a crusader against paternity fraud, told some hair-raising stories about men who had been entrapped into paying the upkeep for other men’s children; he made the point that both the men and the women who lied to them were being used by the “evil empire” of Child Support Enforcement, which collects money without regard to whether the putative father is the biological father—or whether he even has a relationship with the children. Robert Franklin, an attorney and father’s activist, eviscerated the family court system; Terrence Popp, a war hero who lost custody of his children and became homeless upon his return from Iraq, testified to his sense of betrayal by his wife and by the courts.

The last speaker was the libertarian Stephan Molyneux, who reframed circumcision as male genital mutilation and turned the tables on the feminist notion that men are uniquely violent. 90 percent of a child’s brain and character are formed in the first five years, he said, when boys spend most of their time with their mothers or the mostly female caregivers in day care settings. It is women’s violence against boys—corporal punishment, yelling, shaming—that creates violent male adults, he said, referring to a study of Texas mothers, who reportedly hit their children more than 900 times a year. Mothers like those are as stressed as they are, he added, because of the bad choices they made—they picked the wrong men to have children with; they put their careers ahead of their responsibility to their children. In the good old days before the welfare state, he concluded, illegitimate children were given up for adoption to two-parent homes, where they invariably thrived. Thanks to subsidized daycare and a host of other public services, single mothers now have the wherewithal to ruin their children’s lives. Molyneux’s enthusiasm for compelled adoptions clashed a little with the sentiments of many of the other speakers, who deplored how little efforts courts made to involve unmarried fathers in their children’s lives, but there was no push-back from the attendees in the Q&A that followed.

The event closed with a panel discussion on activism, which all agreed was the movement’s next phase and defining challenge. Farrell declared that he used to tell people that the men’s rights movement was embryonic, but he would say that no longer.

All and all, the weekend wasn’t an unalloyed hate fest, though there was plenty of rancor, contempt, defensiveness, and anti-feminism on display. Some of the female speakers were the least restrained in that respect, especially on the contentious issues of domestic violence and sexual coercion and modern women’s infuriating desire to determine their own destinies. Many of the speakers signaled that they were chafing a little under Paul Elam’s no trash-talking rule.

It will be interesting to see how much bridge-building A Voice for Men engages in from here on out—starting, perhaps, with the comments about this very post.                                                                            0003172-de5ab6c183764842e996f1859f126d70.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000025775 00000000000 014730  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Here’s an understatement: Mike Will Made It had himself quite a 2013. The 24-year-old Atlanta producer has been steady climbing for a couple years now, attaching his eponymous, otherworldly drop — see here, far right, middle row — to an impeccable string of heaters, from Meek Mill’s “Tupac Back” to Future’s “Turn on the Lights” to Juicy J’s “Bandz a Make Her Dance.” With even Kanye West tapping a sword on the young man’s shoulder when he brought him in to coproduce “Mercy,” there was no doubting his ascendance would continue apace. And then “We Can’t Stop” came along, and the timeline got blown to smithereens. Herewith, Mike Will in his own words breaks down his start, his rise, and how the Year of Miley allowed him to go ahead and toss “super” in front of “producer” on the ol’ business card.

I used to grind. I be telling people, you don’t grind, you don’t sell. I was like 15, 16 getting dropped off in the city by myself, with my own beat CDs. I had met Gucci [Mane] at this studio, Patchwerk. 2005 or some shit. I ain’t even know he was gonna be there. And I had gave him some beats to let him hear, and he just went in the lounge and started freestyling on all my beats and shit. Next thing you know, he saw me again: “Yo, you buddy with the beats, right? Let me buy that beat from you, man.” I got a band. [Editor’s note: A “band” as in the thing that makes her dance.]

“Tupac Back” was the first single I had, but prior to that I already had 20-something songs in the street. I already had mixtapes with Gucci. But “Tupac Back” showed people, He don’t just do mixtapes, he can actually do a single. ’Cause this shit is a fucking banger. It really came in and shook the game up. It had everybody freestyling on it — to freestyle on the “Tupac Back” beat was the thing to do. I was just very consistent after that.

At the end of 2011, Jeezy told me, “Man, you got the beats, you got the talent, but all I’mma tell you is spread that sound out. Don’t put yourself in a box. They been a couple young producers that came in the game and they didn’t do that.” When Jeezy told me that, he said, “People like Kanye, people like Lil Wayne, people like Jay Z gonna wanna work with you, too.”

So I kept doing my thing and around March [2012], two days after my birthday, I was in Louisiana with Ludacris, and I got a call [from Kanye West’s people] wanting to fly me to New York. Kanye is one of my favorite producers and artists. I thought he wouldn’t know who I was, but I got up there, and man, he tells me, “There’s times where there’s a game-changing beat or a game-changing song, someone comes through with the crazy kicks, with the crazy sounds, changing the game to where everybody wants to be like that producer. And right now you that guy. You have what it takes to really take over the game.” It was crazy. He let me hear “Mercy” with no drums. He said, “I wanna go straight to the source. I just felt like, if you come through, you put yo fuckin’ drums on there.” I just did it like that, and in no time “Mercy” came out and took over.

“We Can’t Stop” was [originally] for Rihanna, but she never heard it. I wasn’t in the studio with Rihanna but I had run into Chris Brown and I was letting him hear the stuff I was working on for Rihanna. He heard “Pour It Up” and went crazy. He said to her, “Mike Will got this crazy joint over here for you!” “We Can’t Stop” was really the first song I wanted Rihanna to hear, but it wasn’t all the way laid down yet, and “Pour It Up” was. She heard “Pour It Up,” she got locked on it, and she knocked it out.

The “We Can’t Stop” beat was so pop, I always said, “Man, this shit remind me of a mature version of ‘Party in the USA.’” And then somebody had asked me, “Why don’t you give it to Miley then?” I said, “Man, that’s a good fuckin’ question.” I ain’t run into Miley yet but she hadn’t put out music in a minute. I wondered, What she doing right now? She probably won’t even fuck wit’ me; she probably got too much politics to get to her. At the time, I ain’t know where each artist was signed. I was just doing music.

So I had a meeting with RCA and [CEO] Peter Edge, letting him hear a whole bunch of different songs. And he heard “We Can’t Stop,” and he was just like, “That record might work for Miley Cyrus.” Her A&R liked it too. He took it to [Miley] and let her hear it, and she said she instantly connected with it because it reminded her of parties that she had been to.

Really, that song, it’s written from the perspective of someone that’s in a wild party — it’s never her saying she was in the bathroom doing lines. And really it was from the [N.E.R.D. song “Everyone Nose”] — “All the girls standing in line for the bathroom!”

It just worked for her. So when she heard it, we went in the studio, she laid it down, and that same day, we did [Mike Will’s debut single] “23.” She had never rapped before. I was fucking with her lyrics, keeping her in the pocket, and that ended up dope. She listens to a lot of rap music, and she takes good direction. If I’m like, “You should re-say it like this” or “Use this tone of voice,” she’ll try it a couple of times and knock it out. I ain’t know what kind of chick she was, but she was down to try new things. But it was too early. I ain’t want that to be the first [new] thing from Miley.

The vocals [on the original reference track] were by Rock City, a songwriting group that I work with. The beat was slow, it was real piano-ish. I told them, “If you can make a party record out of this, we out of here.” And then when [Miley] had did it, we had worked on it a couple times. The first version doesn’t sound like the version that actually came out: Rock City, they from the [Virgin] Islands, so the first version had more of an island melody. Miley’s version, we told her to keep her country twang tone instead of trying to sound like the reference, and it came out dope.

On the second session we had, I saw her coming up the street, and a whole line of cars, just people swerving and shit. I was like, “Who the fuck are these people?” And then next thing you know, she turns into the garage, and these dudes, these grown-ass men, is tripping over each other. That was the first time for me seeing the paparazzi like that.

We were recording at this one studio once and she ended up leaving late and they took a picture of her leaving late and they made up a whole story and it was like, “Ohhh so this is how your life goes.”

Her album was pretty much done when we first got into the studio, but we just kept working, making dope records. I told the label, “You should let us keep going till we hit a dud. We need to keep going until we hit a brick wall.” And we never hit a brick wall. Me and her now, we still talk on the phone every day, we still constantly working on music and giving each other different ideas.

I look at her like a friend. She my homey, I love her for life. So I look at it like she was already a huge celebrity, and she already had an idea of what she wanted to do, as far as dancing and twerking and shit like that. But at the same time, I told her, man, look, you already a huge celebrity, grown-ass men chasin’ you trying to take a picture … but if you come out with music that’s dope as shit then can’t nobody tell you nothing. I always had those talks with her. I always told her, “You gotta be just the illest.”

Everything that we planned on, how we wanted to roll up big, everything that we foresaw in January and February ended up being just like that. Being on the cover of Rolling Stone — damn, she a rock star! She really is one of those people that doesn’t give a fuck, but at the same time she’s real smart. Smart as a motherfucker.

We never had any conversation about racism, because I already knew she wasn’t racist. I feel like, “She fuck wit’ me, right?” We didn’t even keep up with a lot of that shit, but one time I was at her house, and we was watching something on TV, and they was talking about me. They was talking about we was dating or whatnot, they was talking about that’s why she twerking. But it was like, man, no, she was already twerking before that. I don’t know how to twerk! How the fuck can I teach somebody how to twerk?

You see a girl that’s coming from Nashville, Tennessee, that’s a big pop artist and she can strictly carry it all the way with the white people. But she’s embracing the hip-hop community, and she’s embracing the urban culture with open arms, and what they wanna do is call that racism. She isn’t crip walkin’. She not making fun of ’em — she embracing it. All kind of girls dance and twerk. Matter of fact, go to the strip club, you see Spanish girls, white girls … She went to New Orleans, they do bounce music down there, they do a lot of twerking, and that’s when she started twerking.

A lot of the time, people who write that stuff are racist themselves. They don’t wanna see white doing black. “That just doesn’t look right, she’s fuckin’ with this urban producer but really he came through with different sounds on her album, she’s on his first single, they hang out all the time, and then she dancing like this and quoting different hip-hop lyrics on her Twitter … ” They don’t wanna see that shit. I don’t even generally understand how you can say someone that’s embracing the urban culture is racist. I never got that.

But you either out there — a “not giving a fuck”–type person — or you a person that’s going with the guidelines. And it’s not really a black or white thing. If Miley was doing all the way pop shit, they would have found something else about her [to get mad about].

I told every label that I had a sound that was gonna change the game. Put me in the studio with any artist that they want and we can take over the game. I’m just trying to stay consistent. I’m working on my own album. “23” is about to go platinum, and it got over 100 million views on VEVO. I been working on different designs for clothes and shit. People already loving the “23” hoodies. Jordan Brand even reached out to me to say they liked the shit. Michael Jordan reached out to me to say he liked the “23” song.

I even scored the LeBron commercial. I came with the whole song and everything and got John Legend to sing on it.

I don’t sleep. I’m drinking fruit juice, keeping all my nutrients, taking vitamins and shit. Making sure I got my energy up. Just exercising, juicing and shit, and just trying to keep my energy up because I know I can’t sleep. I’m trying to balance so much. I just had a show in Atlanta, I brought out Jeezy, T.I., 2 Chainz. I ain’t even promote they was gonna come and it ended up being sold out. I’m just trying to get my following right, get it all the way together. Yesterday, I slept the whole day. I got that one day where you sleep the whole entire day. Then you get back on the grind.

This interview has been condensed and edited.   0003201-c367a169688639b37c05502cac509d78.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015106 00000000000 014612  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A discussion on combining CDDL and GPL code

Benefits for LWN subscribers The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing, but, beyond that, subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features. Please sign up today!

Within the context of an event dedicated to discussing free and open-source software (FOSS) legalities, such as the Free Software Legal & Licensing Workshop (LLW), the topic of conflicting licenses was bound to come up. The decision by Canonical to start shipping the ZFS filesystem with its Ubuntu server distribution back in February led to a discussion at LLW about distributing the kernel combined with ZFS. Discussions at LLW are held under the Chatham House Rule, which means that names and affiliations of participants are only available for those who have agreed to be identified. This year's LLW was held in Barcelona, April 13-15.

Both the CDDL, which is the license under which ZFS is distributed, and the GPLv2, the license used for the kernel, are considered open-source licenses, but they are, to some extent, incompatible with each other. Executable code that is licensed under the CDDL can be re-licensed, as described in section 3.5 of its text. The source code, however, must be distributed under the CDDL (section 3.1).

This conflicts with GPL section 2(b) that states: "You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in whole or in part contains or is derived from the Program or any part thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third parties under the terms of this License." This means that both the executable and the source code, and any modifications made to either, must be distributed under the GPL. Although it is true that Canonical also distributes ZFS as a Filesystem in Userspace (FUSE) module, in which case the kernel and the module are considered separate entities and no license conflict exists, Canonical also distributes ZFS as a native kernel module, which gives rise to a clash of licenses with regard to the source code.

The spirit of the licenses

Mishi Choudhary, from the Software Freedom Law Center, explained as much in her talk "ZFS Licensing". She noted that Linus Torvalds himself had been asked way back in 2003 whether the kernel developers considered a module to be a separate entity and, therefore, not subject to the GPL's copyleft clause that governed the rest of the kernel. Torvalds's answer was a resounding "no".

However, Choudhary considers the conflict between the two licenses to be resolvable and, along with her colleague, Eben Moglen, has published a paper explaining why. In her talk she explained that, even though a conflict existed, none of the parties, or even any third party, was being damaged if one or the other license was being infringed upon. The source code was still being freely distributed, regardless of whether it was being done under one license or the other. Therefore, even if the letter of one of the licenses was not being respected, at least "its spirit" was.

Choudhary and Moglen argued that enforcing a strict interpretation of the letter of both licenses would have, in this case, more negative consequences than positive. There are precedents in Western law for interpreting a contract or license in its spirit, rather than literally. In the case of the GPL, the spirit of section 2(b) is that the source code must be distributed under a copyleft license. As that is what happens under the CDDL, the spirit of the GPL's clause is respected.

This led to a rather heated Q&A session, with Moglen himself flying in from New York specifically to field questions on the matter. Before Choudhary's presentation, the attendees had listened to two talks that advocated taking a hard stance against all infringements and how taking infringers to court had served to establish the GPL and related licenses as valid legal documents (see last week's article on enforcement and compliance of FOSS licenses).

At this point, the Q&A had moved on to a fishbowl format, in which attendees could come up and sit on stage to share their thoughts. Many did.

Multiple attendees felt that interpreting clauses in the GPL "in their spirit" would undo the enforcement work and weaken the license's legal standing, leading to a slippery slope that infringers could take advantage of. "Why," an infringer could argue, "is clause 2(b) not taken literally in the Canonical case, but it is for me?" Attendees also felt that, by not applying licenses literally, developers that had already licensed their work under the likes of the GPLv2 would wonder why they bothered; and those that were considering using the license would now be reluctant, because the move to interpreting the license in its spirit would make it seem vague and ambiguous.

Moglen stated that this was already happening, but for a different reason: companies he worked with were "fleeing the GPL" because of its inflexibility. He argued that this case was an example of how applying a literal interpretation of the clause would cause more damage than good to the collaborative model of development, which is the cornerstone of the free-software movement.

Many attendees saw the argument as a way to appease a prominent player that had violated a license, and opened a door to a slew of "convenience" violations that would weaken strict licenses further. Moglen countered that he could imagine a scenario in which two FOSS-defending organizations entered in a dispute with each other over conflicting FOSS licenses and, if that happened, the legal war would tear the community apart.

That characterization may have been a mistake. Attendees took offense at the notion that, by defending the literal validity of the GPLv2, a license Moglen himself had been instrumental in creating, they would somehow be made responsible for a hypothetical demise of the free-software movement. As the morning sessions drew to a close, there was the prevalent feeling that the CDDL-GPL issue had opened a rift in the FOSS legal community.

Conclusion

The proliferation and complexity of FOSS licenses were bound to lead to a conflict sooner or later. As Choudhary and Moglen's talk and Q&A session showed, the question of whether it is better for the free-software community to always apply a strict interpretation of a license, or take a more lenient approach when it conflicts with a another FOSS license, remains unanswered. We will hopefully learn more as the conflict between ZFS and the kernel plays out.

[ The author would like to thank Red Hat and Intel for assisting with his travel expenses and the Free Software Foundation Europe (FSFE) for help during the event. ]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003057-9cd876831b450f3de47e44cb5c9155a7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001710 00000000000 015037  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Published: Monday 1 October 2012

Tags:

Boroughs agree to fund Freedom Pass for over 60s

FREE travel on London's buses, Tubes and Overground services is to be brought back for the over 60s, despite the government trying to push up the age at which the Freedom Pass kicks in.

The new 60 starting age for the 24-hour pass begins on 1 November and is expected to benefit an extra 10,000 people a month. It costs £10 to join the scheme.

For the last two years, the starting age for the Freedom Pass has been 61, a side-effect of the official plan to raise the retirement age to 68 instead of the 60 for women and 65 for men it is at the moment.

But London's boroughs have now clubbed together and agreed to stump up the £320 million it takes to bring the qualification age down to 60 once again.

"From November, hundreds of thousands of people will be armed with their 60+ London Oyster card, enjoying all our great city can offer," said London Mayor Boris Johnson                                                        0003175-7646be452958f859187d28e4581bbe53.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011452 00000000000 014646  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        PARFUM! My name is Ichiya Senpai, but you can call me Officer Yuri's Second Bazonga. I'm currently working under my boss "Officer Yuri desu" who is on the quest to have everyone as his harem. Yuri Lowell is the best husbando in Tales of Link/Persona5/RuneFactory/Vesperia. My occupation is a 100% legit writer who is dedicated to write stories of Yuri's harem in the ToL community since I'm interested in you MEENNNN! My team (KissCAAM Studio) who are working on this project includes Teal, Chorong, RedHeadKitten, and myself. I will be gladly to post this cancelled fanfiction between Ray x Caam, however… Caam and Arcelle are lovers :O FRESH! After Officer Yuri saw this fanfiction, he immediately recruited me to the Yuri Lowell Corporation to have every one of you to his harem. If you're interested in Officer Yuri, contact him at (987) 456 – 9355 or (YUR) ILO – WELL. In any other case, I welcome you "THE BROKEN LINK", my honeys!

The Broken Link

Synopsis: Ray Kadoodles is "supposedly" a college student who is constantly being bullied due to the fact he was a loner. It could be due to the fact that his age remains unidentified, but that's not important right now . However, his life changed upon one fateful, rainy day where he met Caam, the most popular person in Bazongas University! Will he be able to connect with Caam and develop further relationship with him that is even more than romance? :O FIND OUT ON THE NEXT EPISODE OF DRAGON BALL... oops. That's not supposed to be there, no copyright infringement please :P

The Broken Link: One RAYny Day

Starting today is the first day of college… meanwhile Ray Kadoodles is crawled up in his blanket, contemplating on when his life was going to change.

"I aaammmmm sooooooooo tiillltteed," he muttered to himself.

In his high-school life, he was constantly bullied for being a loner, as well as having N/A under the category of "age" for any registration. Ray stood up to get dressed and went downstairs to have breakfast without brushing his teeth first.

"Damn, out of cereal again. I guess I'll just have those dank donut that's-" Ray said until he was briefly interrupted by his younger sister Kaenai, who was only 8 years old.

"Onii-chan! Thank you for those delicious donuts! You even left those donuts for my 3 dogs and 4 cats too! You're the best!" she exclaimed as she hugged him tightly. "Onii-chan! My bus is here! I'll see you later!"

All Ray could think about was all those donuts that he bought, but haven't eaten any of it. "Could my day get any worse?" he cried while kneeling his head down.

As he walked outside of his house, he forgot that today was the first day of college.

"Oh shit! I better run over there fast!" he said.

Ten minutes after he ran, the weather changed almost instantaneously from sunshine bright to heavy thunderstorm.

"ARE YOU FU#*!NG KIDDING?! THIS IS TOTAL CANCER!" he shouted as he ran towards shelter.

But as he turned around the corner for shelter, he accidentally bumped into a man holding an umbrella.

"Oooph!" he muttered with his face flat on his chest.

The two stood there for a moment, gazing upon each other's face. It was at this moment that Ray knew his life was about to change.

"I'm so sorry, are you okay? I hope I didn't ruin your clothes!" he said as he got back up on his feet.

"It's fine. I'm just glad that you're not hurt from that fall" the man replied.

Ray's heart skipped a beat and wondered what this feeling inside of him meant. But during that time, he notices the man wearing a Teepo shirt and decided to strike a conversation.

"Nice Bazongas you have there!" he blurted.

The man stared at him strangely as though he had lost his sanity from a minor fall.

"Thanks? Are you really okay? I can take you to the infirmary that's in my university if you'd like" he responded.

"OH SORRY! I meant to say Teepo, but Bazongas was the first thing that came to mind. Ray said shyly. "Oh, where are my manners. My name is Ray Kadoodles. I also go to Bazongas University if that was the university you mentioned. What's your name?"

The man was relieved that it was just a person who was in the same university as him, since he couldn't identify Ray's age.

"The name's Caam. Nice to meet you Ray! Are we in the same Biology Lab class judging by the time you're leaving now?" Caam said smiling.

"I guess we are! It looks like our professor's name is OFFICER YURI LOWELL. He must be like a badass character with that name, if you ever played Tales of Vesperia." Ray replied

"Dude! I love that game. And yeah, we should probably be lab partners too if we ever get the chance! We have some great things in common" Caam winked.

The weather changed almost instantaneous yet again from heavy thunderstorm to a sunny day. At the same time, Ray's face was full of happiness that he finally connected with someone of similar interest!

"Okay!" Ray shouted with glee.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0003142-12d025232d5a1b5dcab72071fe34ed3b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001532 00000000000 015117  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        David Donald sees rainy days as an opportunity and every hill as a workout.

Foodora's head of cycling operations has been cycling for 38 years and now offers road-tested advice to the professional cyclists, students and second-income earners who have taken jobs with the food delivery service.

Sydney's city streets are not particularly bike friendly however Deliveroo and Foodora riders are becoming more common. Credit:James Brickwood

"Rainy days are when you have to suck it up and get out there," he said. "Shiver a bit and you might get a bigger tip."

The likes of Foodora and Deliveroo have burst onto Sydney's streets from nowhere, an army of fuschia and aqua on wheels. Panting uphill, through downpours, hot spells and often on low-quality bikes, the bicycle delivery people are, against the odds, fast becoming a part of inner-city Sydney life.                                                                                                                                                                      0003008-6783a958c516c238cb046b62e87aad01.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003526 00000000000 014745  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        When asked if a conflict similar to the events inciting World War I could happen today, Indy Neidell responded, “There are an awful lot of similarities in the world today with the world of 1914.”

“Of course that kind of question is really impossible to answer,” he acknowledges, “but I wouldn’t at all rule it out.”

In an AMA (Ask Me Anything) discussion on Reddit, the historian host of The Great War YouTube series invited users to challenge his knowledge of the first World War, inquire about what he hasn’t covered in the show’s first 234 videos, and get his historical perspective on the United States’ current political climate.

While Neidell began his YouTube series in July 2014 on topics you’d expect to find in a standard WWI curriculum—the assassination of Franz Ferdinand, early trench warfare, propaganda, the Red Baron—the show has since branched out to give a much more comprehensive look at the “Great War,” detailing everything from soldiers’ diets and salaries to what’s wrong with EA’s Battlefield 1 trailer:

As the series nears its $10,000 Patreon goal to enable its crew to “start planing trips to the European theatres of World War 1 and tell their stories in a completely new way,” Neidell teased what history buffs can expect to see in upcoming episodes.

And for fans unable to help the crowdfunding effort, Neidell’s social media manager Flo joined him in his AMA to share this open invitation: “You can always help with research if you want.”

Lesser-Known WWI History

Teaching WWI

Historical Twist on a Classic Question

If He Could Watch Any Moment…

What’s Next?

To read all of Neidell’s answers to redditors questions, check out the original AMA discussion. And to catch up on your “Great War” history in time just in time for Trivia Night, head over to The Great War YouTube channel.                                                                                                                                                                          0003078-bc7e443bdd6683b999f688db9333222b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003215 00000000000 015053  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Israel’s foreign minister on Wednesday said it's not the business of the United States whether his country decides to attack Iran.

Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said that warnings from the United States and Russia about an attack would not affect Israel’s decision-making.

ADVERTISEMENT

“[It] is not their business,” Lieberman said in an interview with an Israeli TV station Wednesday, according to The Associated Press.

“The security of the citizens of Israel, the future of the state of Israel, this is the Israeli government’s responsibility,” he said.

Lieberman’s comments come after Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey said Sunday that an Israeli attack would be “destabilizing” for the region.

President Obama has said that the United States will not allow the Iranians to obtain a nuclear weapon, but Israeli officials say their country’s existence is threatened by a nuclear Iran. The Israelis have suggested they might attack Iran to stop its nuclear program with or without U.S. assistance.

Iran says that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only, but Israel, the United States and their allies believe Iran is striving to create a nuclear weapon.

U.S. officials have pushed Israel to wait for sanctions against Iran to have an impact on the country that could convince the Iranians to abandon their nuclear pursuits.

U.S. National Security Adviser Tom Donilon just returned from a visit to Israel, where he met with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and other top Israeli officials.

Netanyahu and Obama have a meeting scheduled March 5 at the White House while Netanyahu is in the country for the AIPAC convention.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003145-20d33f91f736ef3d51531d15cc204af0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003675 00000000000 015012  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A student will serve 120 hours community service after admitting to frying his flatmate's hamster while drunk to "the point of madness."

James White, 21, admitted causing unnecessary suffering to the female hamster in February last year after a court could not establish if the animal was alive or not upon entering the pan.

District Judge Roy Anderson said he was sentencing White- a politics and international relations student at York University- on the basis the rodent died minutes before, while he was handling it.

We’ll tell you what’s true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.

Two veterinary pathologists gave their expert opinion on how the female Syrian hamster, which has not been named, met its death.

Selby Magistrates' Court heard White had drunk so much in his flat in York he was "on the point of madness" and could not remember the incident.

District Judge Anderson said it was clear the hamster did not die of natural causes and that "what happened on that night is still shrouded in mystery."

He told White: "By virtue of your treatment of this small, unfortunate rodent you've destroyed your good character and acquired a criminal conviction.

"It's accepted now that there was rough handling of that animal but that it couldn't be established that it was putting it in the frying pan and applying heat that caused its death.

"Had that sadistic conduct been established I would be dealing with you in a far more serious way than I am."

White is also banned from keeping animals for eight years and will pay £1,000 towards the £3,356 costs of the case.

We’ll tell you what’s true. You can form your own view.

At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That’s why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.

Subscribe now                                                                   0003119-0d580623a263ec106891f08799045d74.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003077 00000000000 014457  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        INDIA will send a strong squad to Zimbabwe for its five-match One-Day International (ODI) series against the hosts to give the series the zest coach Andrew Waller’s men have been yearning for.

Staff Writer

There were fears India would dampen the series by sending a second-string side as it did in 2010, but the tourists have since forwarded a squad list that, barring any injuries, should tour Zimbabwe this month.

All the big names that toured England for the International Cricket Council Champions Trophy and are currently engaged in a triangular series in the West Indies with Sri Lanka, are in the squad expected to arrive in Zimbabwe on July 21.

Skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni captains a 15-men squad that has been submitted to Zimbabwe Cricket.

Champions Trophy player of the tournament Shikhar Dhawan, who had a dream tournament by scoring 363 runs, will be travelling to Zimbabwe.

The spin duo of Ravindra Jadeja and Ashwin Ravichandran, one of India’s success stories, is also part of the squad.

Zimbabwe has been in camp for a month preparing for this tour, which comes ahead of Pakistan’s visit, and also includes a two Test series.

Zimbabwe and India play the first three ODIs in Harare on July 24, 26, and 28 before travelling to Bulawayo for the final two matches on July 31 and August 3.

India Squad for Zimbabwe:

Mahendra Singh Dhoni; Shikhar Dhawan; Dinesh Karthik; Murali Vijay; Virat Kohli; Amit Mishra; Suresh Raina; Rohit Sharma; Ashwin Ravichandran; Ravindrasinh Jadeja; Bhuvaneshwar Kumar; Ishant Sharma; Umeshkumar Yadav; Vinay Ranganatha and Irfankhan Pathan                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0003041-ebe689127c6cf4c6bd952279c9e96185.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004022 00000000000 015052  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Turner Broadcasting System Inc. will cut its workforce by about 10 percent, or 1,475 workers, in the coming weeks through layoffs, buyouts and other measures, the company announced Monday.

Atlanta-based Turner, which is owned by Time Warner, said 975 of the job reductions will be in metro Atlanta, which is taking the brunt of the cuts. In addition to TNT, Turner’s holdings include CNN, TBS, Cartoon Network, truTV, HLN and other networks and online sites.

The company said fewer than 300 of the job cuts will be at CNN Worldwide.

The company said the cuts are being made to reduce redundancies, focus resources and prioritize investment in programming, monetization and innovation.

“It’s our responsibility as business leaders to focus Turner’s talent pool where individuals and groups will deliver the greatest return for the company, for Time Warner and for our shareholders,” Chief Executive Officer John Martin said in an internal memo to employees, obtained by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution.

Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed said he expected Turner to preserve as many jobs locally as possible.

“For more than 30 years, Turner Broadcasting System (TBS) has served as the leading news, entertainment, and animation company in our city, state and region,” Reed said in a statement. “Despite Turner’s decision to reduce staff globally, including operations in Atlanta, we are confident that its leadership team will work to preserve as many of the 5,500 full-time positions located in the city where TBS was founded.”

Turner said the cuts from among 14,000 full-time positions worldwide will come at all levels from across the company’s news, entertainment, kids, young adult and sports networks and businesses, as well as corporate functions, in 18 Turner locations around the world.

The cuts are being made through a combination of voluntary buyouts, layoffs and other measures. Employees whose positions are directly impacted will be advised over the next two weeks and will be offered severance pay for transition, the company said.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0003104-e6ab6cc94715a6130cc73148c7c68bd1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000026110 00000000000 015070  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        It’s happening.

In just a few hours, Conor McGregor will be stepping in a boxing ring to take on Floyd Mayweather for the belt of the moneyweight division. This monumental moment in sports, that has captured the attention and drawn the interest of millions, is finally here and it will go down on Saturday night in Las Vegas, Nev.

To breakdown all the chapters and layers of this cultural phenomenon, MMA Fighting caught up with arguably the best welterweight boxer on the planet and one of the most analytical minds of the sweet science. Current undefeated unified 147-pound champion Keith “One Time” Thurman weighed in on all of the ins and outs and the build up of Mayweather vs. McGregor.

The impact of Mayweather vs. McGregor on combat sports

Danny Segura: First thing, first. Are you surprised these two are actually fighting?

Keith Thurman: No, I’m not surprised that it got made. I mean it’s the year 2017 and hey, money talks.

This is not your typical boxing event, and it’s almost not your typical sporting event although it’s being placed as a typical boxing event in a typical boxing ring. What you’re witnessing is a crossover extravaganza. How much of a build up has there been in the past seven years or whatever, just throwing a number out there, of what is better, boxing or MMA? You’ve had some guys like Kimbo slice, rest in peace, that crossed over got defeated, won some matches, but nothing major came from it. But what you have here, and why this really manifested, and why Floyd even allowed it to happen is because his name is Floyd “Money” Mayweather, so whatever makes money makes sense to him.

Segura: Do you think this is the biggest fight in combat sports history?

Thurman: I don’t know, man. I mean, Muhammad Ali back in the day in Africa that was big. It was also broadcasted to everyone for free. But of our generation, my lifetime? Shoot, is this bigger than any fight Mike Tyson ever had? I would say so. I’m my lifetime, from 1988 to 2017, I would say this is the biggest event.

Segura: Do you think we’ll now see more MMA fighters crossover to boxing?

Thurman: It’s interesting. I do see the possibility for a few more crossovers in the future, but I don’t think they will ever be of this kind of stature. I don’t think it will ever be like this because, I mean, it’s Floyd Mayweather. He’s been at the top of the game for over a decade, you know, he’s dominated since he was an Olympian. So people really understand Mayweather and have watched his whole career manifest.

Mayweather is a truly rare athlete, he’s a rare specimen, and to have him go up against the most rumbustious, most entertaining, biggest loudmouth Irishman on the planet, you know. So I don’t think no matter what kind of crossover they do, I don’t think it could ever compare to this crossover. So I think it’s cool that this is the first time and the best you’ll ever get to witness. But then again, if they do some heavyweight crossover, that could be interesting. People love heavyweights and whenever those guys fight is just lightning and thunder. So that could be interesting, but just as overhype and everything, I don’t think anything can get bigger than this.

NAC approves the switch to eight-ounce gloves

Segura: Are you surprised the fight is happening in 8-ounce gloves?

Another handy 12 rounds today. We are prepared to destroy Floyd. Pick whatever size gloves you want as well little man. I fight with 4oz. I don't give a fuck about the size of the glove. I am coming sprinting at you with bricks. Know that. Brittle hands. A post shared by Conor McGregor Official (@thenotoriousmma) on Aug 2, 2017 at 4:27am PDT

Thurman: I told everybody that they would fight in whatever Floyd Mayweather wanted to fight in.

Segura: Have you ever seen a case where the commission overrides the rules regarding glove size?

Thurman: The funny thing is that I competed in Florida early in my career, and when I competed at a catch weight of 152 pounds, the commission gave my opponent the option of eight or 10-ounce gloves. So I will say that there are times where it becomes negotiable to say the least. I knew with Floyd and McGregor that a lot of people were intrigued whether it was going to be with eight-ounce or 10-ounce gloves.

Segura: Well, so is there a difference between 8 and 10-ounce gloves?

Thurman: It does make a difference. If it didn’t make a difference, heavyweights would wear 8-ounce gloves. The more ounces McGregor has to wear the more it will negate from his power. The more ounces Floyd has to wear, the more it can assist in his defense. Real fighters know that the smaller the glove, the easier it is to slip one in. You might have your guard up, but the punch might still come through and you might think you’re covering everything, but there is still that other inch unprotected.

McGregor’s beef with Paulie Malignaggi

Segura: So, the drama with Paulie Malignaggi. What did you make of that situation?

A post shared by Paul Malignaggi (@paulmalignaggi) on Aug 3, 2017 at 8:07pm PDT

Thurman: You know how like sometimes people have beef but then you go and fight face to face and then you kind of squash your beef. Well, this is one of those situations where they had beef, they met each other, and now I think they got even more beef than they did before. That’s their own story. I think it’s kinda funny, and I wonder how personal it’s going to get for Paulie when he ends up commentating on the fight.

DS: What do you think actually happened in the sparring session?

Thurman: There are a lot of rumors about what really happened in that sparring session with Paulie. Paulie ultimately said that McGregor has some growth in his boxing technique but there isn’t really enough time to allow him to grow enough for the Mayweather fight. That sounds like a true statement regardless of whether the guy got beat up or not.

Paulie Malignaggi was a retired fighter that went into your training camp out of shape. And whenever you call somebody into your training camp, you have to understand that you will be in better shape than they are. And another thing is that I’ve never sparred a single sparring partner for 12 rounds. So you don’t make the guy that just got off a plane and who’s not ripped and shredded like you are, you don’t make that dude spar 12 rounds with you.

For example, back in the day when me and Shaun Porter were sparring partners before we were battling for these titles — and it looks like he might end up being my next opponent as a rematch — I was preparing for Marcos Maidana, that’s why we were sparring because of Porter’s aggressive style. That was before Maidana pulled out. Me and Porter never even sparred 10 rounds, we would only spar a maximum of five rounds at a single time. We would always spar four rounds and then my other sparring partner would come in next. So being able to get the best of a sparring partner in a training session, I mean, and you’re talking about a retired fighter. When I look at the photos of Paul Malignaggi in that training camp, he was overweight, but still went 12 rounds with the guy. So it is what it is, he’s not fighting Paulie, he’s fighting Mayweather.

Segura: Did McGregor’s side break any code or etiquette by releasing the photos and sparring footage?

Thurman: A little bit, yeah. But at the end of the day, this motherf*cker is trying to create hype to make this fight worth watching. So you see Paulie Malignaggi on the ground and you’re like, ‘oh he’s messing up this world class fighter; I can’t wait and see what happens when he fights Floyd.’ So with that going on, I’m not really going to, I mean, it’s not my thing. But man, if you don’t want them to be releasing shi*, don’t give them anything good to release.

The breakdown

Segura: Is there an actual chance here for McGregor to pull off the upset?

Thurman: Well, it’s a fight, and when you’re in a fight, there is always a chance. Especially because, you don’t have to call McGregor a boxer, but you have to admit he’s used to hand-to-hand combat and his preference is hand-to-hand combat, not submissions or anything like that. We can say that McGregor has hit enough people in the face that it’s a skillset.

For me, he became a boxer when he defeated Nate Diaz. The reason I say that is because whenever he struck Nate Diaz with a straight-left hand that knocked him down to the ground, he (McGregor) didn’t take advantage of the MMA rules, which allow him to keep attacking Nate Diaz while he’s still on the ground. He simply stood up and kept telling Diaz, ‘stand back up, stand back up.’ I’m wondering why the referee ain’t just giving them a 10 count, and if he doesn’t stand up in 10 then the fight is over, so that looked like a boxing match to me.

So what I’m intrigued in seeing is, what happens when McGregor lands that straight left? Can he land the straight left? Muhammed Ali said, ‘yeah, Frazier is strong. But he ain’t going to hit me, so it doesn’t matter if he can’t hit me.’

Segura: Do you think there could be a case where Mayweather is the one that scores a stoppage?

Thurman: Mayweather hasn’t knocked anybody out since what, Ricky Hatton? Victor Ortiz was a freebie, hands down. So I’ve made this statement a lot the many years I was rising through the ranks and I wanted to have an opportunity to put my skills against Floyd Mayweather, the best boxer of our generation. I always said, ‘you don’t have to be scared of Floyd knocking you out.’ I mean, you can look forward to a 12-round fight with Floyd. I mean, I’d put my grandma in the ring and not think she’ll get knocked out, so that’s not the question. The question is, can you beat the man?

Segura: So this could be a long night for McGregor. Do you expect his conditioning to be ready for a 12-round bout?

Thurman: A lot of boxing guys believe that McGregor doesn’t have a 12 rounds in him. If Floyd targets the body in the early rounds, some believe McGregor will gas out in the later rounds because he gassed out in Nate Diaz fight. In my opinion, he gassed out in both fights, but he handled it better in the second fight, although he was still gassing out towards the end of that fight. So I hope his team really upped their strength and conditioning, especially the conditioning part, in preparation for this fight.

Prediction

Segura: So who wins this fight and how do you think it goes down?

Thurman: I never really care about fights that I’m not involved in so the outcome can be anything for my concern. I’d like to stay open minded, but I think a defensive 12-round victory for Floyd. I don’t see McGregor winning a 12-round victory. I don’t see McGregor walking away with seven out of 12 rounds.

As long as you get seven of the 12 rounds in the books on the judges scorecards, you have a unanimous decision. So I don’t see McGregor achieving that. Floyd Mayweather boxing’s style is one that makes sure no fighter achieves that because that’s his goal and he knows you’re not allowed to win seven rounds. You can win five rounds and look good, but he doesn’t allow you to win six or win seven. So yeah, McGregor needs a knockout to really shock the world.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0003189-5374bcd97cb2818fb16fbb13fe43d6be.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007567 00000000000 015352  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Chines­e author­ities cautio­n local author­ities of a possib­le terror attack aimed at making the projec­t a failur­e

ISLAMABAD: While a political ado is being witnessed in Pakistan on the suspected change of the Pak-China Economic Corridor route, Chinese authorities have cautioned local authorities of a possible terror attack aimed at making the project a failure.

According to them, insurgents in Balochistan have prompted security fears for the 3,000-kilometre-long route in the province, a senior security official told The Express Tribune on Friday.

He said in addition to the insurgents, many foreign hostile intelligence agencies could also extend their support to the militants to sabotage some key projects particularly on the eastern alignment — Gwadar to Quetta — where work has already started.

Read: China-Pakistan Economic Corridor: Lines of development – not lines of divide

“The Chinese have sounded a note of ‘caution’ soon after reports suggested foreign agencies’ support to militants,” said the official, who attended an important meeting discussing key issues relating to Gwadar Port and Economic Corridor at the Ministry of Defence this week.

He further said, “Research and Analysis Wing (RAW), with other hostile agencies, is at the frontline to sabotage this project – that is what Chinese intelligence agencies shared with us.”

He added that the meeting also discussed concerns the Chinese authorities reminded Pakistan’s military and civilian government about an attack on state-run installations in Gwadar district last month, which were conveyed last month.

Security measures

Meanwhile, a special security division consisting of more than 8, 000 military personnel (nine army battalions) has been trained and will guard key projects linked from Hyderabad to Karachi and Gwadar through N-10 East Bay Expressway along the coastal line, officials overseeing the security of this route said.

They further said that an estimated 9, 000 security personnel – comprising Rangers, Levies, police, scouts – making up six wings will assist the military to guard more than 15,000 Chinese workers on this route.

Moreover, a major-general-rank officer will command the entire unit. Apart from guarding the economic corridor, an estimated 8,000 security officials have already been deployed for more than 8,112 Chinese workers executing 210 projects in Pakistan.

Gwadar Airport

An official of the Ministry of Interior revealed that the security layer around the Gwadar International Airport — a project costing $230 million to start this month — has been doubled following recent threats.

A similar case of security is with China-Pakistan Friendship Hospital and Pak-China Technical and Vocational Institute falling under the jurisdiction of Balochistan, he added.

Security will have to be strengthened further as around 7, 000 additional Chinese workers are expected to join the already engaged teams to execute multi-billion projects around the route connecting Kashgar with Pakistan at Kunjarab – a point from where China wants to link to Gwadar port in the Arabian Sea.

Read: APC opposes detours in economic corridor route

Commenting on the complex situation, former caretaker interior minister Malik Habib said the reported presence of foreign elements in Balochistan poses a big challenge for law enforcement agencies to provide security to Chinese workers.

“The economic corridor is strategically very important — many hostile agencies have started backing Baloch militants,” he said.

According to Director Pakistan Institute of Strategic Studies Amir Rana, “China’s main worry seems to be the overall security of the corridor in the near future.”

Substantiating his point, Rana said threats such as tribal feuds, militants in Diamer, Baloch insurgents, political issues, nationalist and separatists groups link directly to the corridor security.

Read full story                                                                                                                                         0003040-9366bace0c59d21fdb875138cb0725f9.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010430 00000000000 015100  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Four minutes from the end of Manchester City's remarkably comfortable win over QPR on Sunday, the entire Etihad stadium rose to its feet to applaud an oncoming player. Yun Suk-Young was replaced by former City star Shaun Wright-Phillips and there was a show of respect for the winger, as there had been earlier in the game for Richard Dunne, to mark just how much the fans remember his efforts while playing at Eastlands.

That team also included Joey Barton, although he's since become something of a pantomime villain. That's likely to do with the number of indiscretions to his name at City, including his acrimonious departure after an incident with Ousmane Dabo, and then his attempts to "take some of them with [him]" as he went berserk in that game in 2012.

The thing is, those City fans that applauded Wright-Phillips onto the turf on Sunday were pleased to see him back. He epitomised everything supporters love to see, back when he was one of the club's only shining lights. Throughout the end of the Kevin Keegan era and the start of the Stuart Pearce reign, there wasn't a lot for those in the stands to cheer.

FA Cup exits, relegation battles, European near-misses; all of these came and went and the pitch was filled with mediocrity. Except on the right flank, where an academy product could beat three or four players and smash an effort into the top corner from range. In one moment, he could inject some energy into a dour performance and give the dwindling atmosphere a buzz. He was going to be an England regular, too.

As was the way for City back then, they were a selling club, although they have since benefited from the flip side of that coin. If there was a player performing well who was "too good" for them, then a decent bid from a top side would no doubt result in a transfer.

That's exactly what happened. Pearce's side was desperate for investment, but the club had no money whatsoever and was actually close to going under. So when Chelsea bid £21 million for the England prospect in 2005, the manager's hands were tied and the offer was accepted. Even now, the money the club received for the winger is their highest, although it will soon be surpassed when the sale of Alvaro Negredo to Valencia is triggered at the end of the season.

The fans were devastated to see Wright-Phillips leave, and it only later emerged in an interview with the Blue Moon Podcast that he was just as upset to be on his way.

"I didn't actually have a choice," he said. "Everybody seemed to think it was something that I wanted to do, but I was happy playing for City. I didn't want to leave, but [staying] wasn't an option I had. City were in a bad situation and the money they were offered was hard for them to refuse.

"In the car on the way down I was crying because I didn't want to go."

Shaun Wright-Phillips applauds the Manchester City crowd as he receives an ovation while warming up at the Etihad.

That puts Wright-Phillips' remarks that re-signing for Mark Hughes' Manchester City was like "coming home" into more context, even if throughout his second spell it always felt for the fans like things were never quite the same. The time away had left him unable to be the influence he once was.

That's not to say he was poor when he came back, just that he never hit his previous heights. It was almost as if his move back to the north was what he needed to inject some life back into his career, much the same way he used to do to City's performances in 2003. He scored four times in three seasons at Chelsea, a tally he'd equalled in his sixth game after his return.

As much as Wright-Phillips was a crowd hero, he never really got to experience the good times he probably deserved with City. He played a bit part in the 2011 FA Cup-winning side, but had moved on by the time the title came to the Etihad the next season. By a bizarre quirk of fate, though, he was on the pitch when Roberto Mancini's side snatched the championship, playing for QPR that afternoon.

The applause reserved for those players who were loyal to the club and did their best to brighten up another gloomy day in Manchester will always remain strong. Although for Wright-Phillips, you can't help wondering whether things might have been different if he'd never been shown the door a decade ago.

David Mooney is ESPN FC's Manchester City blogger. Twitter: @DavidMooney                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0003202-c80f0a24508acd0f72534fefadd0ea67.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001454 00000000000 015302  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Action Bronson has released a new track called “Let Me Breathe,” from his new album Blue Chips 7000. The track was premiered on Zane Lowe's Beats 1 radio show today. Listen to it here and below. It was produced by Harry Fraud, who also executive produced the album. And listen to Bronson's new interview with Zane here. He calls his new music "U2 on steroids." Rick Ross also guests on the album. No release date has been set, but Bronson told Zane that he's hoping to release it by late July/early August.

Although he hadn’t released a ton of music in the recent past, Action Bronson has kept plenty busy. He’s got his Viceland shows, he’s appeared as a celebrity chef on talk shows, and he’s got a new matchmaking show coming to Snapchat. Last year he shared the new song “Durag vs. Headband.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0003168-3e2a1ef95ad564b116231fbe1ca67eb2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002355 00000000000 015232  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Available August 25, 2015

PREORDER TODAY!

http://bit.ly/RikkasRivalSF

ABOUT LOVE, CHUNIBYO & OTHER DELUSIONS! -HEART THROB-

Yuta Togashi thought he had problems dealing with one delusional girlfriend in the person of Rikka Takanashi, but now things are about to go totally insane as his FORMER "one true soul mate" from when he was a chuuni himself returns with a vengeance! So how bad is Satone Shichimiya's re-entry into Togashi's chuni-verse likely to be? Let's just say that she's so epically off the deep end of the chuni-scale that she prefers to use the name Sophia Ring SP Saturn VII and that she'll joyfully tear Togashi's real world to pieces in order to get him back in her imaginary one! Some girls just want to have fun and some want to break down the walls between their boyfriends and themselves. But when a girl's idea of fun is breaking down the wall between their presumed boyfriend and reality, retreating into a fantasy world might just be Togashi's best option. Especially since Satone knows where ALL the skeletons from his past are buried. Toss Rikka's equally delusional friend Sanae into the mix and girl-crazy takes on a whole new meaning in LOVE, CHUNIBYO & OTHER DELUSIONS - HEART THROB!

DIRECTOR

Kyle Jones

ENGLISH VOCAL CAST                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003161-c3559e1ab2f3adcb5f6bf5dcf5d16aff.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014671 00000000000 015625  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Home secretary defends proposals in Thursday's flagship bill following claims that they will be unfair and unworkable

The home secretary, Theresa May, has defended plans to create a "hostile environment" for illegal migrants to Britain, as immigration lawyers warned her that a system of identity checks for all, including British citizens, would have to be introduced to enforce the government's moves to curb access to privately rented housing and to tackle alleged health tourists.

The warnings come as she publishes her flagship immigration bill on Thursday, which will require immigration checks to be carried out before anyone can open a new bank account, be issued with a driving licence or access routine health treatment.

Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, May said: "Most people will say it can't be fair for people who have no right to be here in the UK to continue to exist as everybody else does with bank accounts, with driving licences and with access to rented accommodation. We are going to be changing that because we don't think that is fair."

The Home Office bill will include measures spanning six other Whitehall departments including justice, transport, business, health, local government, and work and pensions, and is designed, in May's words, to "create a really hostile environment for illegal migrants". "What we don't want is a situation where people think that they can come here and overstay because they're able to access everything they need," May has said.

The Home Office confirmed the bill would:

• Require private landlords to check the immigration status of their tenants.

• Require temporary migrants, such as overseas students, who have only a "time-limited" immigration status, to make a contribution to the NHS. A £200 levy has been mentioned as an option.

• Require banks to check against a database of known immigration offenders before opening a bank account.

• Create new powers to check the immigration status of driving licence applicants and to revoke the licences of overstayers.

• Introduce a "deport first, appeal later" policy for thousands facing removal who face no "risk of serious irreversible harm" from being sent back, and reduce the grounds for appeal from 17 to four.

On Today, May declined to give any estimate of the scale of "health tourism" in Britain but confirmed the bill included a health levy on overseas students and other categories of short-term migrants. She gave no figure for the levy and said the Department of Health would publish detailed proposals in the next few weeks. She denied it would cost more to collect the levy than the amount it raises.

"We will be asking for a surcharge; there will be a sort of levy on people who are going to be coming here, to be staying for a while, to contribute so people can feel it is fair," she told the BBC. "One of the things the NHS has always been quite bad at is charging people who they should be charging, people who don't have the right to free access to the NHS and recovering those costs from them."

May did not spell out how the identity checks to establish the immigration status of those applying for health treatment, housing, bank accounts or driving licences would be carried out. But she did say that private landlords would have access to a helpline similar to that currently used by employers to help them carry out the checks.

The bill will also restrict the ability of immigration detainees to apply repeatedly for bail if they have already been refused it and create stronger guidance for the courts on the use of human rights laws to prevent deportation, particularly the right to family life.

There are also plans to make it easier for the Home Office to recover unpaid fines from companies who employ illegal migrants, and local authorities may face fines for letting social housing to tenants without a direct connection to a local area.

However, leading lawyers, landlords, immigration welfare charities and housing organisations have warned that the bill will lead to a real risk of increased homelessness, including of families, and widespread discrimination.

The Immigration Law Practitioners' Association (Ilpa) has told May her plan for millions of private landlords to face "proportionate" fines of up to £3,000 if they fail to conduct checks on the immigration status of new tenants and other adults living in their properties is unworkable.

The lawyers say the combination of the new housing and health checks with existing checks carried out by employers and educational colleges amounts to a system of identity checks for foreign nationals in Britain.

"What this means in practice is a system of identity checks for all, since it is necessary for British citizens or people with permanent residence to prove that they are lawfully present in the UK if and when checked," says the immigration lawyers' official response to the Home Office consultation.

"British citizens, European economic area nationals and third country nationals alike would be required to produce identity documents at many turns in a scheme that would be intrusive, bullying, ineffective and expensive and likely racist and unlawful to boot," says the Ilpa response.

The lawyers say the scheme is discriminatory because landlords are likely simply to say they aren't satisfied with a tenant's identity documents and refuse them accommodation. They also point out that somebody's immigration status is not necessarily straightforward, with the proposals taking no account of those who do not yet have leave to remain in Britain but have an outstanding application that clearly meets the immigration rules.

The Residential Landlords Association has told the home secretary that there are potentially 404 types of European identity documents that landlords may need to know about to operate the scheme. They also warn that some landlords will simply refuse to house migrants for fear of falling foul of the new rules.

Habib Rahman, of the Joint Council for the Welfare of Immigrants, predicted that "these measures will divide society, creating a two-tier Britain, a return to the days of 'no dogs, no blacks, no Irish' and of ill people with no access to healthcare walking the streets of Britain. This bill is a travesty and must be stopped."

But the immigration minister, Mark Harper, defended the bill, saying it would "stop migrants using public services to which they are not entitled, reduce the pull factors which encourage people to come to the UK and make it easier to remove people who should not be here".                                                                       0003108-d47d3d0608a99c44650fb092de33f77d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005670 00000000000 015041  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Advertisement CBO: GOP health care bill would reduce number of people with comprehensive health insurance 'by millions' Share Shares Copy Link Copy

The Congressional Budget Office released its preliminary analysis of the Graham-Cassidy bill on Monday saying that millions of people with comprehensive health insurance would lose coverage under the new bill. “That number could vary widely depending on how states implemented the legislation, although the direction of the effect is clear,” said the analysis. The non-partisan scoring agency estimates that between 2017 and 2026, "the legislation would reduce the on-budget deficit by at least $133 billion and result in millions fewer people with comprehensive health insurance that covers high-cost medical events."The report is not as detailed as previous CBO scores, however.It does not give a more specific number of how many Americans would lose health care coverage under the health care law sponsored by Sens. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Bill Cassidy of Louisiana nor does it include information on how Graham-Cassidy would affect the cost of premiums throughout the country.According to CBO, the reduction in the number of insured people relative to the number under current law would result from three main causes. 1. Enrollment in Medicaid would be substantially lower because of large reductions in federal funding for that program.2. Enrollment in nongroup coverage would be lower because of reductions in subsidies for it.3. Enrollment in all types of health insurance would be lower because penalties for not having insurance would be repealed.Senator Susan Collins from Maine, who reportedly said she was waiting for the report to come out before making her decision, said shortly after the analysis was posted that she was a no.Collins tweeted a full response as well saying, "This is simply not the way that we should be approaching an important and complex issue that must be handled thoughtfully and fairly for all Americans."The agency announced weeks ago that it would not have adequate time to release coverage numbers and instead would only be able to release a "preliminary" report."CBO will not be able to provide point estimates of the effects on the deficit, health insurance coverage, or premiums for at least several weeks," the agency said in a statement about the bill.The CBO score's main purpose is to ensure that the legislation meets its saving targets required under reconciliation, the process that allows Senate Republicans to pass the health care bill with 51 votes.The non-partisan agency's score is also of the first version of the bill. Changes were made to the legislation over the weekend and released Sunday night. Those tweaks include a recalculation of how much money rural states would receive under Graham Cassidy as well as a further roll back on protections for people with pre-existing conditions. The CBO's latest score does not include the changes.CNN has contributed to this report                                                                        0003107-2381ac04687a48c2f486af8231fb7b38.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004114 00000000000 014743  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        David Villa isn’t going anywhere.

There was speculation that Villa would retire after his three-year contract expired at the end of this season, but New York City FC silenced those rumors Wednesday by signing the reigning MLS MVP to a one-year extension that will keep him in The Bronx.

“I am so happy to play [at NYCFC],” Villa told The Post. “I am fit, the club spoke about joining for one more year and it was one of the easiest things I’ve done in my life.”

Villa’s contract extension was formally announced at P.S. 49 in The Bronx, where the former World Cup winner from Spain fielded tough questions from youngsters, like what’s his favorite pregame meal (pasta or rice) to whether he enjoys playing soccer (obviously). After all, the 35-year-old could have easily called it a career after this season, but he’s not ready to hang up his boots just yet.

“I think I’ve improved [at NYCFC],” said Villa, who’s missed just seven matches since NYCFC’s inaugural season in 2015. “With experience, games, with minutes on the pitch and outside the pitch, I keep learning. I’m a better player [now].”

Villa signed a three-year Designated Player contract in 2014 and, since then, he’s been everything NYCFC could have asked for. Arguably one of the best Designated Player signings in MLS history, Villa never took his foot off the gas, especially last season, when he scored 23 goals to win MLS MVP honors and led NYCFC to their first ever playoff appearance.

“When I look back to those first days in 2014, it’s really amazing to see how far we’ve come in such a short space of time,” said Villa, who is NYCFC’s all-time leading scorer with 46 goals. “And to know that there is so much potential for us to continue growing, on and off the field.”

The World Cup winner has shown no signs of tired legs this season, leading NYCFC (13 points) with five goals in seven appearances.

For Villa, coming to NYCFC hasn’t been a mistake.

“There were no sacrifices,” Villa said. “I always dreamed of being a soccer player. I can say I sacrificed nothing playing soccer.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0003138-2764eba89e1f56379cdd9ac0865ad58f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020654 00000000000 015221  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        

The National Security Agency's headquarters in Fort Meade, Md. (NSA)

Chris Finan is a former Obama administration official who has come to have serious doubts about the National Security Agency's role in domestic surveillance and cybersecurity efforts. In the past, policymakers looked to the NSA for its unparalleled expertise in cryptography and computer security. But Finan argues that rapid improvement in private-sector cybersecurity expertise has made dependence on the NSA unnecessary and, especially in the wake of Edward Snowden's revelations, potentially dangerous. He argues that domestic counterterrorism efforts should depend more on civilian agencies and the private sector, not military agencies such as the NSA.

Finan draws on a wealth of experience developed over several years of high-level government service. Finan served in the military during the Iraq war. After spending two years at a startup, he joined the Obama administration in 2009. He worked on cybersecurity policy, first at the Pentagon and then at the White House. He left government service in 2012 and now works for a Silicon Valley startup that helps companies protect their customers' accounts from being hijacked.

We spoke Thursday. The transcript has been edited for length and clarity.

You're skeptical about the NSA's large role in domestic cybersecurity and surveillance activities. Why is that?

One of the themes of the 2012 cybersecurity debate was thinking about how to leverage the technical crown jewels that are NSA and bring that incredible technical capability to bear on this domestic security problem. Inherent in that assumption is that only NSA has the technical capability to aid our law enforcement and homeland security community. But technology paradigms have changed.

There's an enormous amount of data the federal government collects. They're parsing through that data to generate leads, looking for correlations to potential terrorists overseas, other leads the law enforcement community is looking for, etc. It used to be you needed enormous supercomputer infrastructure to do that well.

Now, due to faster computers and parallelization, anyone can do it. Thanks to Amazon Web Services or Rackspace, if you have access to the Internet, you have access to a supercomputer. [The private sector] can do a lot of the big data capabilities that used to be an inherently government function in the past.

These big data analytics are driving the American economy right now. So to think that a government agency is going to do this better than our tech innovators in this country I think is fallacious. I think it was an old paradigm, it was an old assumption that needs to be challenged.

Still, the NSA has a lot of technical expertise and powerful hardware, right? Why not use that to address domestic security problems?

I don't believe that Americans are comfortable with the military intelligence community having such a central domestic role. We should come up with a strategy to divest the military and intelligence community and instead look for ways to leverage this [private sector] advantage. I think there's a way to leverage our competitive advantage in big data in a way that also is consistent with the Fourth Amendment.

We also have an over-classification problem. I don't condone what Ed Snowden did. He made a commitment to protect classified information. Breaking that commitment was wrong. However, he did bring to light this classification problem, which needs to be debated as a society. The problem with over-classification is you create an inherently closed system. Closed systems are prone to failure. In fact it's not just technology. Think of the political system. Closed totalitarian systems are inherently weaker than open egalitarian systems.

There's a principle called Kerckhoffs's principle, which states that if a code system is open and the only thing that's protected is the key, that's the most secure system. I wish our cryptology guys would think about [that principle in the cybersecurity sector]. It doesn't make sense that we'd have a closed system rather than open it up. Taking a centralized approach to this problem and having a single agency serve as the central aggregation point doesn't scale. That to me is the assumption that I go back to in thinking about ways to open up.

This gets to a larger point. People like Director of National Intelligence James Clapper claim that more transparency will give the terrorists our playbook. I think you can acknowledge the existence of programs without giving away sensitive sources and methods and giving away our counterterrorism playbook.



Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, right. (Susan Walsh/AP)

So is your proposal that a civilian agency at the Department of Homeland Security would do the kind of dragnet surveillance the NSA is doing today?

No, I'm not in favor of or proposing the continuation of dragnet surveillance. I don't believe that's necessary. I think we've taken an axe approach when scalpels would be more consistent with the Fourth Amendment. I think the FISA Amendments Act and the Patriot Act are overly broad. I favor a more targeted approach, using warrants to collect the data when we absolutely need it.

[Instead, civilian agencies should focus on] providing [information to the private sector.] If the government gets information because of its foreign government intelligence apparatus, it should be able to quickly send that out to the private sector. Primarily as a one-way communicator. Here are threats we're seeing overseas. There's been some of this in the past, but they haven't scaled it up. [The government has] more of an interest in making it a quid pro quo, government receiving information and then giving information back. The private sector is going to be able to operationalize it much better than the U.S. government.

Some of the career officials are hesitant to scale [public-to-private sharing] up because they want to use it as a chit to get access to more data. I think that's the wrong approach. Government should give this threat information to the private sector. We shouldn't adopt the mentality that the government knows better how to do this.

Some in Congress have said we need to promote information sharing. I think that's code for many career national security officials to weaken privacy laws so they can get access to more domestic data. I'm all for pushing information out. I'm all for making it easier for companies to share information between each other, which may require more explicit legal language. I think if we can do that without weakening consumer protections, you can do that.

I want to ensure that kind of sharing is restricted to threat information. I'm all for looking at how to do that, and as long as you keep the liability protections fairly narrow, that would work.

What else can be done to shore up Internet security?

Congress should look at aligning market incentives. For example, publicly traded corporations should report cyber risk as a material risk. I'd like Congress to make sure this is being done at scale across the private sector. That would go a long way toward improving cyber-security, because it would make shareholders more aware.

A third thing is securing critical infrastructure. I was a proponent of some kind of standard for critical infrastructure. There was no appetite for that on Capitol Hill. I think there's certainly more that we can do. The problem though is that many on the Hill immediately look to [the NSA] as the solution. That's just myopic because it doesn't leverage our private sector innovators. There's no way that can scale.

Defenders of the NSA say getting the NSA completely out of domestic surveillance is unrealistic because terrorists increasingly use American services like Gmail. Isn't that an argument for continuing the NSA's role?

[Spying on terrorists' Gmail accounts] should be done by civilian law enforcement agencies with a warrant. It shouldn't be a military agency without a warrant. That's completely inconsistent with the values of this country. I don't care if it's a treasure trove of terrorists. It doesn't matter. There's something fundamentally wrong if that's our strategy. There's got to be a better approach. There's no way we have to rely on the military to be able to do that.

I feel like we've allowed post-9/11 inertia to drive us to the point where we are now. Let's reverse that. Let's think about that deliberately. Let's design a system that can scale to meet that threat. Focus our military and intelligence agencies outward.                                                                                    0003010-b4a27b92180e5716d31bc9a08b7c9af2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007175 00000000000 015073  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.

Aug. 22, 2016, 8:10 PM GMT / Updated Aug. 22, 2016, 8:10 PM GMT By Maggie Fox

Researchers have developed a way to make a mouse transparent — by removing the liquids and fats from its tissue.

They hope their method can be used to make a complete, unsliced model of a human brain, with all the delicate nerve connections untouched. And they say their see-through mouse might reduce the need for lab scientists around the world to kill living mice just to study their organs.

Researchers in Germany have made mice see-through with a special method of dissolving skin that makes "see through" mice for lab research. Ali Ert?rk Ludwig / Maximilians University of Munich

“Now, for the first time, we have a powerful tool that can make the human brain transparent and reduce it size to fit an imaging microscope for mapping,” Ali Ertürk, a brain researcher at Ludwig Maximilians University of Munich in Germany, said in written comments.

"I believe that now, using uDISCO, scientists can start to build whole body atlases for various biological systems such nerves, vasculature and immune cells."

The method, described in the journal Nature Methods, is called ultimate DISCO (short for 3-D imaging of solvent-cleared organs). It not only makes it possible to see entire structures in place, but shrinks the body so that it fits under a microscope.

“We expect that this method is easily applicable to small monkeys, even to a whole human brain in the near future,” Erturk wrote.

“We all know the big fuss (rightfully) around mapping the human brain. But so far there is not any approach that even comes close to mapping any part of human brain at individual neuron level.”

A mouse with its skin removed during various stages of examination, taken with a bright field camera. Cell, Yang et al / AP

The technique might also save the lives of at least some lab animals, Erturk said.

“In research, we usually sacrifice the animals to collect a small piece of their tissue,” he wrote.

“The rest of the animal actually is wasted. I believe that now, using uDISCO, scientists can start to build whole body atlases for various biological systems such nerves, vasculature and immune cells innervating whole body. This will at least provide the basic knowledge about how a healthy organ is organized in terms of these mapped systems (nerves, vessels etc.). This information will be available to everyone.”

The team first anesthetized living mice, and used various agents to make it possible to image the desired systems using fluorescent light or other processes — akin to getting, for instance, an infusion of a contrast agent before getting an MRI or heart catheter scan.

Once the contrast dye or agent was pumped though the tissue, the mice were killed and their tissues cleared of water and fat.

Water and lipids scatter light, making tissue opaque.

Scientists have come up with good images of organs and event whole bodies by slicing tissue very thinly, imaging it, and then recreating a 3-D version using a computer.

But even the thinnest slices can disrupt delicate neurons and their connections, Erturk noted.

“That means, while their cell body resides in one side of the brain, it can make connections to the other side of the brain (several centimeters away) or even to the spinal cord, which might be more than a meter long," he wrote. "Therefore, when we want to study brain diseases such as Alzheimers’s disease or schizophrenia, making thin sections of biological specimen would degrade important information on neuronal connectivity."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003187-f826e3aa5e9f78ca913a08b9870f6310.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014761 00000000000 015052  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Dec 4, 2016; Auburn Hills, MI, USA; Detroit Pistons guard Reggie Jackson (1) dribbles the ball against Orlando Magic center Bismack Biyombo (11) during the fourth quarter at The Palace of Auburn Hills. Magic win 98-92. Mandatory Credit: Raj Mehta-USA TODAY Sports

The Orlando Magic look like being active before the trade deadline passes, but they should steer clear of point guard Reggie Jackson.

With the addition of Terrence Ross, it looks like the Orlando Magic still have another move in them before the trade deadline.

Who they should look to move on is anybody’s guess though, as it feels like no player is off limits.

One area where the team needs more long-term stability, however, is at the point guard position.

Although Elfrid Payton was drafted to be that player three years ago, he has been in and out of the starting lineup this season.

Starting only 34 of the team’s 58 games, he’s lost that starting position to D.J. Augustin and C.J. Watson.

While both are solid and dependable veterans, it’s got to be a worrying development for Payton’s future with the team.

It’s no surprise then, that the Magic have been linked with a new point guard, in the form of Reggie Jackson of the Detroit Pistons.

While he would be an instant improvement over Payton, there are a number of reasons the team should stay away from this move at all costs.

It begins away from the numbers and production Jackson would give this team. At 26 years old, in theory the player is still yet to enter his prime.

But even on his best day, he’s not a top-five point guard in the Eastern Conference. On his worst? He might not even crack the top 10.

Obviously Jackson is not elite in the same way other guards are, otherwise the Pistons would have no reason to move him.

Again, he’s an upgrade over Payton right now, no question. But how much better can he realistically get?

Much like adding Ross, would this put a ceiling on how good the team could be? The point guard position is the most important in basketball these days.

Seeing the pistons in person made me realize KCP a future all star.. and Ish Smith need to start over Reggie Jackson.. — John Oden (@Grind_timeJohn) December 24, 2016

Having Ross, Aaron Gordon, Evan Fournier, Nikola Vucevic and Jackson, along with some dependable veterans, might get you into the playoffs.

But is it going to entice free agents to want to come and play there? It’s a good start having those players onboard, but not a great one.

Besides, the Magic look resigned to hitting the lottery again this summer, where there are a number of exciting point guard prospects.

Which brings us to the next key point, what the Magic would have to give up to get Jackson. Any deal would likely involve Payton.

With rumors surrounding Andre Drummond as well, would the Pistons look to add Vucevic too?

Would Detroit look for a draft pick in any potential deal? Remember, the Magic owning all of their draft picks is about as good as their future looks right now.

Is mortgaging part of that on Jackson really what the team wants to do? He only signed a five-year, $80 million deal back in 2015, so he sits on the expensive side of things as well.

Remember, Orlando already has Bismack Biyombo locked into a long-term deal, as well as Vucevic and Fournier on more team-friendly contracts.

A decision will have to be made on Gordon and Payton (if he stays) soon. That’s a lot of money to put into a collection of players, none of which look like being a star in this league.

Even if the Magic acquired Jackson for Payton and a couple of picks, some of the numbers suggest the team wouldn’t improve all that greatly.

Although he had a career year last season, Jackson has cooled off this campaign. His 15.2 points per game is the lowest output since his move to Detroit from the Oklahoma City Thunder.

That’s more than Payton is averaging (12.5), but is it enough to warrant trading for Jackson? Payton is only 22 years old himself, even if he does have a less-desirable skill set.

Despite being a starter, Jackson is averaging less minutes per game this season (28.4) than Payton (29.1).

He has also only played in 36 games, with both knee and thumb injuries keeping him out for significant periods this season.

By no means is Jackson a crock, but it is something worth taking into consideration if any deal was to be made.

Payton has played in every game this season for the Magic, and did so in his rookie season as well. Being four years younger, his body should be in a better place.

https://twitter.com/Jpeezzy31/status/832820841037443073

Equally concerning are some of the other numbers Jackson is posting, particularly when compared to Payton.

Jackson’s 5.6 assists per game is his lowest mark in four seasons. But it’s also actually less than Payton is averaging so far this season (5.7).

This is also reflected in the fact that Payton provides 31.8 percent of his team’s assists when on the court. That number is 31.3 for Jackson.

So really the Magic wouldn’t likely get much improvement in this area from making a trade for Jackson, although his three-point shooting (36.3 percent) would be a big upgrade.

This is because Payton is a terrible 26.8 percent shooter from long range. Interestingly, however, he’s already made more of these shots (34) than he did all of last season (30).

Hardly the kind of improvement to get excited about, but at least he is trending in the right direction.

via GIPHY

Payton also boasts a better effective field goal percentage (48.3 percent to Jackson’s 47.9 percent).

Defensively Jackson is pretty poor (rating of minus-1.9, career low) and it remains to be see how he would gel with a defensive-minded head coach in Frank Vogel.

Offensively he may be much more diverse than Payton, yet his Player Efficiency Rating of 15.7 is only just ahead of Payton’s 15.4.

That number is a career high for Payton, whereas it’s Jackson’s lowest mark in four seasons, and way down on the 19.6 of last year.

If the Orlando Magic were to trade for Reggie Jackson, it’s unlikely they’d get much better in the short or long term.

A nice player who is better offensively than Payton, their numbers are actually strikingly similar in many categories, with Payton even getting the edge in some areas.

It’s the kind of trade that would shake up the roster and it could come at a price that the Magic are willing to meet.

But it feels like it would be a sideways move, as opposed to a building block in the right direction.

For this reason, the Magic need to steer clear of adding the Detroit Pistons point guard.               0003205-c259dec69117023b143a5ffee8d38e5d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000026060 00000000000 015167  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        1980 Grand Island tornado outbreak In this picture, there are two independent tornadoes on the ground marked by large debris clouds at ground level and are located a few hundred yards away from one another. The smaller tornado on the left is the first F1 to hit Grand Island. The 0.25 mile-wide tornado on the right is the second F3 to hit. Power flashes from electrical lines being destroyed by the ferocious winds illuminate the nighttime tornadoes. Type Tornado outbreak Duration June 3, 1980 Tornadoes confirmed 7 Max rating1 F4 tornado Duration of tornado outbreak2 2 hours, 45 miuntes Highest winds In excess of 207 mph Damage $ 300 million (1980 USD) Fatalities 5 fatalities, appx 200 injuries Areas affected Midwestern and Northeastern United States 1 Most severe tornado damage; see Fujita scale 2 Time from first tornado to last tornado

The 1980 Grand Island tornado outbreak, also known as The Night of the Twisters, was a tornado outbreak that produced a series of destructive tornadoes that affected the city of Grand Island, Nebraska, on Tuesday, June 3, 1980. Seven tornadoes touched down in or near the city that night, killing five people and injuring 200.

The name generally referred to by Grand Island area residents for the event, "The Night of the Twisters", comes from the semi-fictionalized book of the same name, loosely based on the June 3rd, 1980 tornadoes, by author Ivy Ruckman, which in turn inspired a made-for-TV movie that premiered on The Family Channel (now Freeform) in February 1996. While the Grand Island tornado outbreak is best known for the Grand Island tornado family on June 3, the outbreak as a whole produced 18 tornadoes across two days, and caused severe damage as far east as Pennsylvania.[1]

Outbreak description [ edit ]

Map of surveyed tornado tracks through the Grand Island area by Dr T. Theodore Fujita.

The outbreak began on June 2, producing strong tornadoes in Iowa, Indiana, and Ohio, including one that struck the east side of Indianapolis. One fatality occurred near Crawfordsville, Indiana. Tornado activity continued on June 3, with additional strong tornadoes touching down in Pennsylvania, Maryland, West Virginia, and Nebraska. Over a span of three hours on the evening of June 3, 1980, a slow-moving supercell complex moving across Grand Island, Nebraska, spawned several tornadoes. The resulting outbreak was one of the most unusual in United States history: The supercells moved over the city at only 8 mph (13 km/h); of the seven tornadoes, three of them were anticyclonic; and the tornadoes did not move in a straight line, with most looping back over their own path at least once.

Aftermath [ edit ]

5 people were killed by the tornadoes, over 200 more injured, and damages were estimated at more than $285 million (USD) ($600 million 2003 USD). In Nebraska, Tornado warnings allowed people to get to safety in time, which prevented a higher death toll. The South Locust Street area in Grand Island was hardest hit, struck by the fifth tornado of the night (an F4 tornado). Much of the rubble and debris left by the tornadoes was placed in a landfill that now forms Tornado Hill, a popular biking and sledding spot In Grand Island today.

Confirmed tornadoes [ edit ]

Confirmed tornadoes by Fujita rating FU F0 F1 F2 F3 F4 F5 Total 0 0 3 8 4 3 0 18

June 2 event [ edit ]

List of confirmed tornadoes – Monday, June 2, 1980 F# Location County Coord. Time Path length Damage summary Indiana F2 Covington area Fountain 1300 5 miles (8.0 km) A hardware store and four homes were destroyed in Covington. F3 Waynetown to S of Crawfordsville Montgomery 1315 18 miles (29 km) 1 death – Near-F4 damage and serious injuries occurred south of Crawfordsville. One woman was killed when her trailer was obliterated and scattered over 30 acres. Caused $2,000,000 in damage and injured 16 people. F2 Indianapolis Marion 1400 unknown Near-F3 struck the east side of Indianapolis, destroying four homes and damaging a dozen others. Flying debris caused a traffic accident on I-465. Six people were injured. F2 New Palestine Hancock 1405 unknown Near-F3 tore apart many homes in town and ripped the roof off of a grocery store. A high school and an elementary school were heavily damaged. Four people were injured, including a woman who was trapped in the debris of her trailer home. Iowa F2 S of Allerton Wayne 0630 5 miles (8.0 km) Tornado struck a farm, twisting the house off its foundation and destroying several outbuildings. Six train cars were derailed and another home lost its roof. F2 Cincinnati to West Grove Appanoose, Davis 0705 20 miles (32 km) Trees were damaged and three homes were partially unroofed. Three trailer homes were destroyed, and other homes and trailers were damaged. A Masonic Lodge was damaged as well. There were five injuries, all of which occurred in trailer homes. F4 SW of Davis City to S of Corydon Decatur, Wayne 1525 32 miles (51 km) Long-track tornado completely destroyed a farmhouse near Davis City, and unroofed a fertilizer plant. Ohio F2 NE of Blackford Jackson 1830 8 miles (13 km) Two homes lost their roofs, and seven farm buildings were destroyed in rural area. Sources:[1]

June 3 event [ edit ]

List of confirmed tornadoes – Tuesday, June 3, 1980 F# Location County Coord. Time Path length Damage summary Nebraska F3 NW of Grand Island Hall 1945 14.5 miles (23.3 km) 1 death – Tornado touched down 11 miles northwest of Grand Island. First of seven tornadoes to hit the city in just over 2 hours. Farm homes outside of town were torn apart, and a woman was killed while trying to drive to a relative's house. The tornado killed 1, injured 25, and caused an estimated $2.5 million in damages. Although the straight line path of the tornado was only 7.0 miles (11.3 km), the actual length was over double because the track was highly unusual in that it looped and crossed itself numerous times. Tornado had a surveyed path width of 0.4 miles (0.6 km).[2] F1 N Grand Island Hall unknown 0.8 miles (1.3 km) Small anticyclonic tornado briefly touched down in the northern edges of Grand Island, just east of the first tornado. Second of seven tornadoes to hit the city in just over 2 hours. The tornado caused an estimated $25,000 in damages and five injuries. First of three anticyclonic tornadoes.[2] F3 Grand Island Hall 2005 3.5 miles (5.6 km) Tornado touched down north of Grand Island and moved into the city near Airport Road, between US 281 and Webb Road. Third of seven tornadoes to hit the city in just over 2 hours. The tornado injured 40 and caused an estimated $2.5 million in damages. Although most damage was rated F0, several homes were heavily damaged and some F3 damage was noted near the veteran's home, which had windows blown out. Second of three anticyclonic tornadoes. Tornado path length was 3.5 miles (5.6 km) and maximum surveyed path width was 0.3 miles (0.5 km).[2] F1 SE of Grand Island Hall unknown 2.5 miles (4.0 km) Tornado touched down southeast of Grand Island and moved toward the southwest, west, and even north. Last of three anticyclonic tornadoes.[2] F4 Grand Island Merrick, Hall 2116 6.0 miles (9.7 km) 4 deaths – Tornado touched down just east of Grand Island, then moved west into the city. Once within the city, the tornado turned south and followed Locust Street, causing some of the most intense damage of the outbreak to businesses and neighboring residences, some of which were "obliterated". Numerous homes, vehicles, businesses, trees, and power lines were destroyed. Damages exceeded $200 million, and 110 people were injured. Tornado path length was 6.0 miles (9.7 km) and the surveyed path width was 0.6 miles (1.0 km).[2] F2 SE of Grand Island Hall 2125 6.0 miles (9.7 km) Tornado touched down southeast of Grand Island. Sixth of the seven tornadoes that hit Grand Island. The tornado caused an estimated $2.5 million in damages and 18 injuries. Tornado path length was 6.0 miles (9.7 km) with a surveyed path width of 0.3 miles (0.5 km).[2] F1 SE of Grand Island Hall, Hamilton 13.4 miles (21.6 km) Tornado touched down southeast of Grand Island. Last of the seven tornadoes in the area. The tornado caused an estimated $2.5 million in damages and two injuries. The tornado tracked across mostly rural areas and avoided many homes. Path length was 13.4 miles (21.6 km).[2] Pennsylvania F4 Natrona Heights to Vandergrift to Apollo Allegheny, Westmoreland, Armstrong 1230 14 miles (22.5 km) A restaurant and two stores were severely damaged in Natrona Heights, with 12 injuries at that location. Seven homes were damaged in Vandergrift, and a trailer park in Apollo was devastated. One home was nearly leveled by this tornado. Caused $6,000,000 in damage and injured 140 people. Rated F3 by Grazulis. F2 N of Saltsburg Indiana 1305 6 miles (9.7 km) A half dozen homes, a helicopter, and three trailers were torn apart. Six people were injured. West Virginia F3 Ridgedale to Crellin, Maryland Monongalia, Preston, Garrett (MD) 1430 28 miles (45.1 km) In West Virginia, 28 homes were destroyed and 102 others were damaged. Thirteen businesses and nine public buildings were damaged as well. Reedsville was hard hit. A mobile home park there was destroyed, and a two-year-old child was thrown nearly a mile into a field, but survived. The tornado continued into Maryland where two trailer homes were destroyed, 15 permanent homes were damaged, and 12 farms were damaged. Caused $7,000,000 in damage and 19 injuries. Most destructive West Virginia tornado since 1944. Sources:[1]

Fictionalized accounts of the event [ edit ]

Damage from the Grand Island tornadoes.

Book [ edit ]

In 1984, a semi-fictionalized book version of this significant tornado outbreak by children's author Ivy Ruckman, a native of Nebraska, was released under the title Night of the Twisters. The book told the story of Danny Hatch, a pre-teen and his family, and what happened to them as the event took place.

Television film [ edit ]

The book inspired a made-for-cable television original movie of the same name, that premiered on February 14, 1996, on The Family Channel (now Freeform). The movie version still centered on the Hatch Family and most of the characters in the book were adapted to the film. However, there were several discrepancies from the movie and the book version. The most notable being the town in the movie is changed from Grand Island to the fictional town of Blainsworth, which Ivy Ruckman reportedly was disappointed about as it took some of the reality out of the actual event. Danny's father's name is changed to Jack in the film (played by John Schneider) and is mentioned to be his stepfather as Danny's real father is revealed to have died in a plane crash when Danny was six years old. One somewhat prominent character in the movie was Bob Iverson (played by David Ferry), who was not included in the book.

Danny's mother occupation is also changed to waitress. The last scene in the film in which the Hatch family tries to outrun a tornado in a car lent to them at a shelter was added specifically for the film and was not in the book, either. Danny and his friend Arthur's (played by Devon Sawa and Amos Crawley) ages are also changed to their mid-teens (though their ages are never mentioned in the film).

See also [ edit ]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0003225-714a4a3277e50fd33829f922b74b1beb.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015461 00000000000 015023  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        You are about to read something very straight, sober, and serious, without a soupcon of hyperbole: Frank Zappa was the God of Music, and while lesser talents than he (all of them) be wise and inspired in the way of music, Zappa was actual divinity. No, wait, this isn't coming off right. Let's say it like this:

We could pick the highest, hottest, and moodiest volcano on planet earth. We could carve Zappa's likeness into it, soul-patch and Pancho-Villa mustache and all. And we could dedicate it as the altar to Zappa. And if we did that, and then every day at the first ray of sunrise, a naked virgin ran up the side of that volcano and flung herself screaming into its searing heart as an offering to Zappa, and if we continued to do that for all of eternity, we would never have paid sufficient due to the God of Music for gracing humanity with his perfection.

But anyway, we could go on all day. but you're a busy reader, so we'll get right to the point: Because Zappa left such a huge, mind-bogglingly vast body of musical works behind, newcomers to Zappa are often perplexed. They always ask something more or less along the snout of "Which songs should I listen to first?"

This is an important and vital question, because when you pick the wrong songs to listen to first without getting advice from any of your peers, it makes your head melt into orange goo and stick to the carpet. The music police crash through your breakfast nook and haul you away. Your dog will never speak to you again.

Anyway, because the social media generation doesn't wipe its butt without consulting five Facebook pals on the direction of wiping and how many sheets to use, we will engage in a futile practice known as an "FAQ", a document with the definitive answer to a frequently asked question which, once set down for the search spiders to find, will be ignored for all of eternity by social media users who will continue to repost the same dumb questions again anyway.

So... A Beginner's Introduction To Frank Zappa. Follow these instructions carefully, listening to the songs in this exact order:

From Strictly Commercial:

"I'm the Slime" - Keep repeating the song until you can come out of a dead standstill and lip-sync the mid-point line "That's right folks, don't touch that dial!" flawlessly.

"Let's Make The Water Turn Black" - For this one, silently use your imagination to conjure up the kind of TV sitcom that this would be the opening theme to. Would it have a "couch gag" like the Simpsons had? Also marvel at how some idiot on the PMRC thought that the line "mama with her apron and her pad" referred to a hooker wearing a maxi pad.

Now from Sheik Yerbouti:

"Jewish Princess" - Repeat until you know all the words, until you can sing along out the car window at the top of your lungs.

"Wild Love" and "Yo' Mama" - Get the baby doll voice down.

Now from Broadway the Hard Way:

"Planet of the Baritone Women"

Now go back to Sheik Yerbouti:

"What Ever Happened to All the Fun in the World" - Repeat until you can mime along to every sound effect.

Now for We're Only in It for the Money:

This is your first entire album all by yourself. Do not take drugs, repeat, do not take drugs. Just play the entire album in order on a loop. Do this for days. Revisit your old friend "Let's Make The Water Turn Black" now in context. Space out on the reprise "What's the Ugliest Part of Your Body?" On the third replay, follow along both sides of the mumbling at the end of "Flower Punk" (the two monologues are on different speakers; do NOT cheat and fool with the balance). Wherever you are in your day, drop everything and slip into a choreographed soft-shoe at "Bow Tie Daddy".

Next stop: Shut Up 'n Play Yer Guitar

This is a triple album and it's all instrumental, not a word out of his mouth, so you're challenged here. This time, it is important that you do the opposite of what we've been telling you to do and listen to the songs IN THE ORDER OF YOUR CHOOSING. Do not listen to all three albums all the ways through, this is dangerous stuff. Make up your own little track-hopping pattern. Keep it secret. It's your password in the afterlife.

Now back to Strictly Commercial:

First play "San Ber'dino", then "My Guitar Wants to Kill Your Mama", and then "Trouble Every Day". This time, your exercise is to ponder how you would fit all three songs into the soundtrack of your own film. Would it be a '70s-style car-chase caper? A zombie flick? A bank-robbery heist? Fit action scenes to tempos, and pick another song on this album for the opening and closing credits.

Now you're ready to advance to level two: Piquantique, another all-instrumental one. Just play the whole thing a couple of times - like Captain Beefheart (who was Zappa's colleague and sometime collaborator), it sound random at first and then it comes together and makes sense. You can replay your favorite track a couple of times.

Next: The Yellow Shark album. Again, buzz through it a couple of times. Replay a track if you fancy it. You're at an advanced level, so you can stop following track order safely about here. These are the orchestral pieces Zappa wrote, and it was the last album released before Zappa was called back to the Heavens, to which he bodily ascended from the roof of the Fillmore.

Now freely pick any double-album from the You Can't Do That on Stage Anymore series. Just sit back and cruise. You will recognize several songs and pieces by now, but in different form. That's because, like The Grateful Dead, Zappa and his orchestra never quite played the same piece the same way twice. You'll also notice about this point that he liked to design modular pieces. One song might serve as another song's ending over here, and be its own stand-alone piece over there. And still other instrumental bits are all-purpose transitions between any two songs. Don't break your brain trying to separate each piece. Even advanced Zappa scholars can't keep up with every wily trick.

OK, that's a pretty smooth take-off. From hereon, oh happy-happy day, you're ready to listen to ANYTHING after just one! more! album!

Freak Out! - The whole thing, start to finish. Read the liner notes - reverently. This was the very first album Frank Zappa ever released, and from here you can clearly see his roots. Ponder the influence of doo-wop, blues, avant-garde, bebop, classical, jazz, and all, and study each of the forms on this album. Later on, if you can ever stand to listen to another artist again as long as you live, take some time to look up some of the influences he lists there.

That's it! You're a level 3 Zappa fan! Now just keep picking things at random. but remember to be careful exposing this stuff to others. Except minors: children can safely listen to anything by Zappa, because they are still pure and innocent and their minds are not welded shut by the boring conformist tedium of the anthill we call society.

Related: Frank Zappa Song Meanings                                                                                                                                                                                                               0003243-fd2441534627728fd514d408c0732450.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006624 00000000000 014443  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Employers cut 62,000 jobs in June, marking the sixth consecutive month that the nation has shed jobs, according to a government report released yesterday, deepening concern that the struggling U.S. economy could turn worse before it gets better.

The collapse in the real estate and mortgage industries, coupled with the specter of inflation fueled by the rising price of oil and other commodities, has crimped employers and left top policymakers and private analysts convinced that the economy is in for a prolonged period of sluggishness.

"We're not in a traditional recession dynamic where jobs get cut aggressively," said Bruce Kasman, chief economist for J.P. Morgan Chase. Still, he said, "things may be starting to get worse, not better."

Of immediate concern to many economists is how the nation will emerge from the economic slowdown even as it faces inflationary pressures brought on by record-high oil and commodity prices. The price of a barrel of oil pushed near $146 before falling back yesterday, and it has increased about 50 percent since the start of the year.

Wrapping up a European tour, Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. said high oil prices "are a strong headwind, and at this level, they have got a high risk that they are going to prolong the slowdown."

"I don't believe this situation avails itself of quick fixes," Paulson said from London in comments reported by the Associated Press. He noted that, with the global appetite for oil steadily rising and production and refining capacity increasing less quickly, "there are questions in the short term about the ability to meet the demand."

The Department of Labor reported that the economy has lost about 438,000 jobs since the beginning of the year -- a figure that includes revisions for April and May to reflect an additional 52,000 jobs lost in those months. The unemployment rate, which is affected by the number of people seeking work and other factors, was at 5.5 percent, unchanged from a month earlier.

The job losses were led by cuts in construction, financial services and manufacturing. Temporary and other employment agencies also experienced steep job cuts, which some economists saw as further evidence that the bleak employment picture will not improve anytime soon. There were also some cuts in retailing, which combined with the other reductions overwhelmed modest employment increases in leisure and hospitality, health care, mining, and government.

In a separate report, the Labor Department said the number of people applying for unemployment insurance jumped by 16,000, to 404,000, the highest level since late March.

There were 8.5 million unemployed people as of June, up from 7 million a year earlier.

"The economy has entered a slow-motion recession," said Dean Baker, co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research. "It is not seeing the dramatic plunges in jobs that characterized prior recessions, but the collapse of the housing bubble is slowly sinking more and more sectors of the economy."

The report said that average hourly wages crept up 0.3 percent from a month earlier, to $18.01, but that tiny bounty has been more than offset by higher food and energy prices. The report also said that 5.4 million Americans -- about 3 percent of the labor force -- were working part time either because their hours had been cut or because they could not find full-time employment, a figure unchanged from May but up 1.1 million from a year earlier.                                                                                                            0003226-fdff40fc449c302fd6703eabe923bbf8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013106 00000000000 015403  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Chensiyuan/Wikimedia Commons.

Judge Richard Posner of the 7th Circuit Court is a moderate conservative with an unapologetic bias toward reality and logic. This bias makes him an ideal Slate columnist. It has also turned him into something of an iconoclast among his conservative colleagues, who frequently jettison prudence and precedent in order to achieve results that just happen to align with the Republican Party’s platform.

Mark Joseph Stern Mark Joseph Stern covers courts and the law for Slate.

On Tuesday, Posner put his judicial independence front and center during marriage equality oral arguments at the 7th Circuit. While lawyers for Wisconsin and Indiana attempted to defend their state’s marriage bans, Posner issued a series of withering bench slaps that unmasked anti-gay arguments as the silly nonsense that they are. Reading this string of brutal retorts is fun enough—but it’s even better to listen to them delivered in Posner’s own distinctive cadence. With the help of my Slate colleague Jeff Friedrich, I’ve collected the most exhilarating, satisfying, and hilarious of the bunch.

Advertisement



Round 1: Posner vs. Indiana

“It’s a matter of indifference to you?”

Many of Posner’s sharpest inquiries revolved around the question of same-sex adoption. Thousands of gay couples in both Indiana and Wisconsin are raising children, which the state permits them to do. Given this reality, Posner asks Indiana Solicitor General Thomas Fisher, isn’t allowing gay marriage “better for the psychological health or the welfare” of gay people’s kids? Allowing same-sex parents to get married, after all, would bring them and their children a plethora of benefits. Fisher’s noncommittal answer, which bordered on callousness, brought out one of Posner’s harshest rebukes.

“Would you criminalize fornication?”

Advertisement



After asking Fisher why Indiana shouldn’t just “criminalize fornication” in order to deal with its “unintended child problem,” Posner returned to the child question, demanding of Fisher, “Why do you prefer heterosexual adoption to homosexual adoption?” When Fisher struggles to respond, Posner sighs, “Come on now. You’re going in circles.” He then asks why Indiana wants to punish children because “their parents happen to be homosexual.”

“Why does Indiana let sterile people marry?”

Posner points out that Indiana allows both sterile people and first cousins (over the age of 65) to marry. If marriage is all about biological reproduction, Posner wonders, aren’t these policies irrational? Fisher errs at first, claiming, “We don’t allow incest.” When corrected, he founders.

“You should be wanting to enlist people as adopters.”

Advertisement



Returning to the question of adoption, Posner asks Fisher: “Isn’t it much better for kids to be adopted? But if you allow same-sex marriage, you’re going to have more adopters, right? … You should be wanting to enlist people as adopters.” He then calls Indiana’s arguments “pathetic.”

“You haven’t read this? You don’t remember it? It didn’t make an impression?”

Toward the end of Posner’s colloquy with Fisher, he discusses an amicus brief by the Family Equality Council that discusses the demeaning effects of gay marriage bans on same-sex families. Posner asks Fisher whether he’s read the brief, noting that “it has a great deal of rather harrowing information.” Fisher waffles; Posner brings down the hammer.

Round 2: Posner vs. Wisconsin

Advertisement



“You have no idea.”

Posner’s first question to Wisconsin Assistant Attorney General Timothy Samuelson is simple: Why doesn’t Wisconsin permit joint adoption by same-sex couples? Samuelson has no answer. Posner is not pleased.

“How can tradition be a reason for anything?”

Samuelson attempts to argue that Wisconsin’s tradition of allowing only opposite-sex marriage is a rational basis for barring same-sex couples from the institution. Posner sinks in his claws, drawing painful, direct parallels between the current case and Loving v. Virginia. The racists who opposed interracial marriage, Posner notes, “make the same arguments you would make.” What’s the difference? When Samuelson releases a bizarre string of nonsense about common law, Posner audibly mutters, “Oh no.”

Advertisement



“That’s feeble.”

Posner refuses to let Samuelson wiggle out of his Loving problem. “You argue that democracy insulates legislation from constitutional invalidation,” he chides Samuelson. “You have to have something better. ... That’s the tradition argument.” Sure, America has a tradition of blocking certain people from marriage. But “experience based on hate” is not a constitutionally valid argument.

“Who’s being harmed? Answer my question!”

In the day’s testiest exchange, Posner pushes Samuelson to identify a single rational basis for his state’s anti-gay-marriage law. Who is being helped, Posner wonders, by gay marriage bans? When Samuelson claims that “society” is helped by gay marriage bans, Posner pushes back: “How is it being helped? You’re not trying to force homosexuals into heterosexual marriage. So what is the harm of allowing these people to marry? Does it hurt heterosexual marriage? Does it hurt children?”

When Samuelson’s yellow light flashes, signaling that he’s running out of time, Posner encourages him to continue. Judge Ann Claire Williams jumps in, informing Samuelson that the light “won’t save you.” The courtroom erupts in laughter. A defeated Samuelson responds, “It was worth a shot.”

“You have no idea?”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003083-35a494958934fd3d9a0a2bd632cffbd4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013131 00000000000 015167  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Singaporean retail service provider (RSP) MyRepublic has called "bull****" on claims by Australian National Broadband Network (NBN) CEO Bill Morrow that consumers don't need and wouldn't use 1Gbps broadband, and has announced that it is launching a "gigatown" to prove customers' desire for higher speeds.

"It's absolute bull****," MyRepublic Australia managing director Nicholas Demos said in an interview with ZDNet.

"Australians want faster internet ... it is just a ludicrous statement to say there is not a requirement for it."

Demos argued that 82 percent of NBN's users are on speeds of 25Mbps or less only because the incumbent RSPs have simply moved customers from their existing plans and price points onto the same plans and pricing on NBN services.

In the 12 weeks since launching as an NBN RSP, Demos said MyRepublic has signed up 10,000 customers to its high-speed plans, which proves that customers do want faster services -- as does the fact that 40 percent of its New Zealand customers are already on 1Gbps plans.

Arguing in November that the NBN had not yet properly launched, because RSPs are simply offering the same services, speeds, and pricing as before, MyRepublic offers just one package at one price on the highest possible speed tier available for each customer.

Demos blamed the lack of 1Gbps NBN products on the network company's connectivity virtual circuit (CVC) charge, which reserves a consumer's bandwidth from the point of interconnect and is priced depending on usage of data.

"The CVC pricing that the NBN are charging, it's not economical," he told ZDNet.

"Yes, they do offer retailers such as us a product with CVC pricing -- a one-gig product -- but it's just priced out of the market and no consumer will buy it at that price in Australia."

MyRepublic has announced that it plans to convince NBN of the desirability of 1Gbps broadband by bearing the cost of connecting consumers in one Australian town with 1Gbps services and gauging uptake of the service.

"We're launching a one-gigabit town in Australia ... just to show there is demand for it, it does work, people want it, but it's the [NBN] product that is wrong, which is why you can't offer it to the mass market at the moment," Demos told ZDNet.

The RSP will on Friday put out the call for consumers to express their interest in receiving a 1Gbps broadband connection, which will inform MyRepublic's decision on which town to connect -- although it would have to be in an area with full fibre-to-the-premises connectivity, Demos conceded.

The 1Gbps pricing will remain the same as MyRepublic's other packages, at AU$60 per month, with the gigatown to be launched in the next few months.

MyRepublic's statements follow Morrow's claim during NBN's financial results presentation on Thursday that RSPs are not offering 1Gbps packages to consumers due to a lack of demand.

"We have roughly a million and a half homes that can have a technology to get a gigabit-per-second service capability today. We have a product that we can offer the retailers, should they want to sell it," Morrow said.

"The reality is that a couple of the retailers have signed up for a trial ... but they have chosen not to offer that to the consumers.

"I will presume it's because there isn't that big of a demand out there for them to actually develop a product to sell to those end users."

On its fixed-line network, NBN again reported the majority of its users as being on the 25/5Mbps speed tier as of December 31, with 51 percent of users choosing these speeds, while 31 percent were on the 12/1Mbps speed tier; 13 percent were on 100/40Mbps; 4 percent were on 50/20Mbps; and 1 percent were on 25/10Mbps.

Calling 1Gbps "a lot of bandwidth", Morrow claimed NBN has "scoured" the globe to speak with RSPs and carriers that have 1Gbps products that have seen limited uptake due to consumers not needing those speeds, or not wanting to pay for them.

"We asked the question, 'Has anybody actually used that amount of bandwidth?' And the answer was unanimously 'no'," Morrow said.

"There are not that many applications that warrant much above the products that are being sold on NBN today, so I suspect that's the main reason. 'If I have to pay for it to move from 100[Mbps] up to a gigabit per second, I don't really have the application or the need for it, so why would I pay more to do that?' I believe that's the market dynamic that is occurring today."

Morrow acknowledged that there will be applications in future that will need more bandwidth, such as alternate reality, artificial intelligence, and 8K video, but said the demand is not there now.

"All of these other things could certainly drive up more of that consumer need, but we haven't seen that as of yet," NBN's chief executive said.

"Even if we offered it for free, we see the evidence around the world that they wouldn't use it anyway."

NBN has since claimed that Morrow's statements were taken out of context.

"NBN is disappointed to see media coverage today has taken comments on internet speeds by our CEO out of context," an NBN spokesperson told ZDNet.

"While the NBN network does offer 1Gbps wholesale services to retailers, to date no retailer has elected to sell these services. That is a commercial decision for the retailers."

Morrow's statements came despite the City of Adelaide last month putting out a call for providers for its 10Gbps fibre broadband network; Telstra launching a 1Gbps 4G mobile network; and the majority of RSPs in New Zealand offering a 1Gbps service as of the end of last year across the New Zealand government's NBN equivalent.

In Singapore, 10Gbps broadband services have been offered by both Singtel and M1 for a year.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0003165-ea21917cdaaadde76ac6fb24880e5dfc.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006573 00000000000 015551  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        DAN ŞOVA, a spokesman for Romania's opposition Social Democratic Party (PSD), is paying the price for his poor grasp of history. On March 5th, discussing the Holocaust live on television, he said: "On the territory of Romania, no Jew suffered". He added that "24 Jews died" as a result of the notorious government-backed Iasi pogrom of 1941. Most historians put the figure at 12,000 or more.

Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.

It didn't take long for Mr Şova to feel the consequences. The PSD distanced itself from his comments, removed him from his post and dispatched him to the Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington, DC. Yet Mr Şova's views are hardly unique in Romania. Any newspaper kiosk is full of books and other publications that echo his pronouncements.

Education is partly to blame. The Holocaust wasn't part of Romania's school curriculum until 1998, and until 2004 many textbooks followed the communist line that the killings were something that happened somewhere else. In 2004 the state-backed Wiesel Commission issued a report on the Holocaust, leading to an official acknowledgement that killings and deportations took place on Romanian territory. Since 2005 secondary-school students have been able to take a special Holocaust course.

Yet no history faculty at Romanian universities offers a course on the Holocaust, notes Felicia Waldman, a professor at the University of Bucharest's Goldstein-Goren Hebrew Studies Centre. And so many history teachers graduate ill-equipped to teach the subject.

More worryingly, history is often taught with the nationalist assumptions that held sway before the overthrow of communism. Romanian children are, for example, still taught that they are the direct descendants of the Romans and Dacians, an approach some historians see as simplistic.

“The history that is taught is of the Romanian people, not of Romania itself,” says Ms Waldman. "Students are still taught about how hospitable the Romanian people have always been, and how they've been the victims of history, never acting as aggressors." Young and old people alike believe that Ion Antonescu, the pro-Nazi wartime dictator, was a "friend of the Jews".

The Centre for Monitoring and Combating Anti-Semitism in Romania (MCA) estimates that 270,000 Romanian Jews and 36,000 Romanies (Gypsies) were exterminated under Antonescu. There are believed to be fewer than 9,000 Jews in Romania today.

Mr Şova issued a statement in which he said he regretted that his words had been misunderstood. But he failed to apologise for the content of his declarations. Now the MCA and Romani CRISS, a pro-Roma NGO, have filed a criminal complaint against him. Since 2002 Holocaust denial has been a criminal offence in Romania, punishable by up to five years in prison.

But the chances of prosecution are slim. The law has been repeatedly flouted. Earlier governments have set poor examples. In 2003, the public information ministry stated: "We firmly claim that within the borders of Romania between 1940 and 1945 there was no Holocaust." (It retracted the claim a week later.)

Mr Şova's dismissal may indicate that the situation has improved since then—although some think he will get his old job back after his pilgrimage to Washington. Romania has some way to go in facing up to its wartime past, and a change to the way history is taught might be a good place to start.                                                                                                                                     0003263-43b2bc740c3ab133964a8b00fee0c586.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005334 00000000000 015064  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        It’s my five year wedding anniversary, which means its also the five year anniversary of Dungeon World’s Kickstarter closing. (Yeah, the Kickstarter campaign finished during my wedding, somewhere around the end of the ceremony and start of the reception. How’s that for timing?) Seems like a time to reflect.

Overall, wow. We’re five years in, about to do our 7th print run, and we’re still the #19 top selling game on DriveThru. It’s kind of trivial to say it succeeded beyond my wildest dreams because it had succeeded beyond my wildest dreams when the Kickstarter funded in the time it took me to drive to work. But here we are five years later and it’s been a wild wonderful ride.

The game has held up as well as I could have hoped. Sure, with five years to listen, play, and learn, there are some things I’d revisit. But the changes I’d do feel more like upgrades than bug fixes. There’s nothing wrong with the game as it stands, but I think with what we know Adam and I could make classes, bonds, monsters, and some other things even better.

That may be the part I’m the most proud of. When I look at most things I made five years ago, like code, I can see pretty clear deficencies. But Dungeon World hasn’t aged like that for me. I haven’t found anything I regret or that I think we got wrong. If we ever revisit Dungeon World it won’t be to patch problems, it will be to share new ideas.

But that leads to the part I am the least happy with: we signed up for future work in the Kickstarter, and some of that is still outstanding. At least its down to one piece, a supplement titled Inglorious, but that’s still something that bothers me. Part of the problem is how my life has shifted in those five years: a new job that I find far more engaging, buying a house, the birth of our kid. My portions of Dungeon World were often written in free time during the day while at the office, but time like that has dried up. But the larger issue may be that my approach to game design is so much tinkering. I have found occasional time to work on a few projects, but have to remind myself the importance of finishing things that were promised ahead of things that have my attention.

Ultimately this is a failure I can live with. We will deliver Inglorious, it’ll be good, and then I’ll let my design time wander. Delivering on the Half Life 3 timescale is not ideal, but it was a stretch goal among many we already delivered. Bottom line: don’t promise future work in a Kickstarter. If I ever go back to KS I won’t be offering any stretch goals that I haven’t already done my part of.

So, five years. Work still to do, but an experience that’s changed me and a game that still makes me grin every time I play. Thanks for coming along.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0003177-1143f0d5aabb771e31c39be2680272b3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016405 00000000000 015006  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As Rick told Ilsa, they’ll always have Paris. But the global warming hysterics won’t, thanks to the wonderfully devastating action taken by President Donald Trump last week.

As promised in his campaign, Trump announced America would call it quits with Obama’s 2016 signing of the Paris agreement on “climate change.”

Condemnations of the president came thick and fast, as hard-core liberals around the world kicked off an Orwellian “Two Minutes of Hate” aimed at Trump that has, so far, lasted for four days. German newspaper headlines were of the “Earth to Trump: F*** You” variety, and a gaggle of pols and pundits proclaimed Trump’s action to be the end of American leadership in the world.

But Trump’s cancellation of the deal was precisely the opposite. It was a major act of leadership that told the rest of the world that global warming — if it even exists — is a far lower priority to America than the other problems that beset the civilized world.

Former President Obama told us that “climate change” was the greatest threat to our national security. Obama preached that message to the EUnuch choir and was roundly praised for it. Mr. Trump is being condemned for reminding the world that there are real existential problems that we have to solve instead of wasting time on such globaloney. The EUnuchs would rather hide from their responsibilities and worry about “climate change” than face the facts of Islamic terrorism, Russian aggression, North Korean and Iranian nukes and the rest.

Think about the context of Trump’s action. Man-made “climate change,” first of all, is a myth. Earth’s temperatures shift naturally — dependent on many things such as the sun’s activity — and the warming trend that existed briefly and ended somewhere between 1986 and 1990. (Remember, please, that the term “climate change” was created instantly to replace “global warming” when it became undeniable that “global warming” wasn’t happening.) All the predictions of an environmental apocalypse are based on computer models of the weather that are neither scientifically proven nor scientifically provable.

The Paris agreement set a long-term goal of liming Earth’s temperatures to below 2 degrees Centigrade above pre-industrial (1850s) levels. The signing nations agreed to do that by establishing their own carbon emission rates aimed at cooling the Earth to reach those levels. But there was no enforcement mechanism. Any nation could set a goal and then change it at will.

Abiding by the agreement would have prevented the development of American oil and gas resources, raised the costs of generating electricity enormously, cost thousands of jobs and strangled our economic growth.

Trump’s cancellation of the agreement will, like the agreement itself, have no effect on “climate change.” On Friday, the U.N. World Meteorological Organization said in the worst case scenario, America’s exit from the Paris agreement might cause the world’s temperatures to rise by 0.3 degrees Centigrade by the year 2100. That tiny drift in temperature is apparently enough to melt all the eco-whacko snowflakes.

For decades, eco-pimps such as Al Gore have blamed all the world’s ills on “climate change.” It is supposedly responsible for floods, hurricanes, famine and disease. And so it went, on and on. When the weather was too hot, it was the result of “climate change.” So were unexpectedly heavy snowfalls, plunging temperatures, riots, famine and whatever other plagues occurred. Good weather was irrelevant, but any severe weather — whatever it might be — was “proof” of climate change. It’s fun what you can do with computer models when they’re programmed to produce the result you want.

John Kerry told us that refrigerators and air conditioners were more dangerous than ISIS. Last year, crazy ol’ Bernie Sanders said“climate change” causes terrorism. He wasn’t alone in doing so, but Bernie took it one step further. He blamed “climate change” for the Brits passing the Brexit referendum.

Man-made “climate change” has done no significant damage to anyone or anything, but the eager pursuit of controlling it has wasted tons of money and created extraordinarily stupid policies.

Remember Solyndra? The company, a favorite of Obama (because its owners raised tons of campaign money for him), tried to market solar panels that produce electricity, its efforts funded by taxpayer-guaranteed loans. It went bust, like so many of those companies did, because there’s no market for high-priced, weather-dependent electricity. Solyndra left us stuck with about $535 million in bad loans.

Ray Mabus, Obama’s last (and the worst-ever) secretary of the Navy, decided to buy “biofuels” at about $250 per gallon instead of diesel, which cost about $5 per gallon. In 2014, Obama’s idiot Secretary of Defense Chuckie Hagel issued a “Climate Change Roadmap” which, among other things, required every operational plan to make accommodation to “climate change.”

That directive — N.B. Secretary Mattis — may still be in effect. It would have a lot of absurd effects that could cost lives. For example, if the Marines — America’s “kick the door in” force — need to storm a beach, they’d first have to get permission from the beach erosion experts. If you doubt that, as Casey Stengel would have said, you could look it up.

By canceling America’s signature to the Paris agreement, Trump took all that away. He told the world — allies and enemies both — that we were going to deal with the real problems with real solutions instead of sitting in a corner with the EUnuchs, sucking our thumbs and whining that “climate change” — not terrorism, North Korea, Iran, China or Russia — was the greatest threat we face.

Cutting carbon emissions won’t end terrorism: Unlimited war against the terrorists and the ideology that propels them will. “Climate change” solutions won’t cure cancer; medical research will. That was Trump’s implicit message. He should make it explicit right away in a major speech.

President Trump could take the action he did, because the Paris agreement was nothing more than a paper agreed to by Barack Obama. It wasn’t — like so many other agreements Obama signed — submitted to the Senate for its advice and consent. The Constitution requires a supermajority of the Senate — two thirds of the members, at least 66 votes — for a treaty to become U.S. law. If a presidential agreement is approved in that manner, it becomes a part of the “supreme law of the land,” as the case law says, equal in stature to a congressionally enacted law, and subordinate only to the Constitution itself.

Because the Paris agreement on climate change wasn’t submitted for Senate approval, it remains subject to actions like the one the president took. The EUnuchs have refused to renegotiate it, so the president’s announced exit from it is final.

The president needs to do the same for Obama’s Iranian nuclear weapons deal. Like the Paris “climate change” agreement, the Iranian deal was never approved by the Senate and is, likewise, not a part of American law and is revocable at any time. The Iranians have already refused to negotiate it. Having warmed up on the global warming deal, Trump should tell the Iranians that the deal is off.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0003143-f4572510c588c0041957453a62f70ac8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002545 00000000000 014524  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A 4-year-old girl is recovering in the hospital after falling out of the back of a moving bus Saturday, and the horrifying incident was caught on video.

Licensed EMT and volunteer firefighter Ryan Ciampoli was driving on a busy highway in Harrison, Arkansas, when he saw the young girl swing the back door of the bus open, hanging on for a brief moment before toppling onto the pavement. His dash camera happened to be running as he witnessed the accident and immediately sprang into action.

Ciampoli told KLRT-TV that the girl was initially unconscious but began waking up as he approached her.

"Obviously, you want to leave her laying there if she's not in danger, but we're in the middle of a state highway so I couldn't leave her just laying there," he said.

He carefully picked her up and laid her in a nearby truck bed where he assessed her condition and kept her conscious before the paramedics could arrive.

"Once the adrenaline and the shock kicked in in her little body, she started kicking and screaming, and 'Where's my mommy,' things like that. Stuff like that is really heartbreaking," Ciampoli said.

The young girl suffered a broken jaw and will need surgery, according to her mother, but she is expected to be released from the hospital Monday.

It is unclear how the little girl managed to open the back door or why the bus driver did not stop when she fell.                                                                                                                                                           0003217-0e79afda5877539738cb1537fb13f6c0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000034671 00000000000 015051  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Sound artist Patrick Noecker constructs a blind taste test to examine an audience's reception to the same piece of music played at both 440 and 432 Hz. This is his story.

When a musician uses a tuner, he or she will likely tune their A string or respective medium to the A at 440 Hertz or when the needle is pointing straight up. This a reference point for all other strings to be tuned to or “pitched” around. And it is not the notes, but their relationship to each other that creates harmony or “music.”

Determining a starting point or middle ground, historically speaking, has been greatly debated. In 1859 the French enacted a law that their concert pitch would rest at 435hz. In 1939, at an international standards conference in London, it was determined that 440hz would be the standard for Britain and most developed nations followed suit. This was reaffirmed in 1955 and 1975 by the International Organization for Standardization. A growing number of artists and musicians today believe that concert pitch should be taken down to 432hz arguing that a middle pitch at 432 is easier on a singer’s vocal chords, relieves excessive tension on the instrument body, and that 432hz is more in tune with the vibration of all things. Maria Renold was perhaps the first to boldly state this unproven claim in her work, Scales, Tone, Intervals and Concert Pitch, C=128hz. Renold states that 440hz “disassociates the connection of consciousness to the body and creates anti social conditions in humanity.”

In other words, 440hz has bad vibes, literally.

Over the last 10 years I have routinely experimented with middle pitch. It doesn’t mean my instruments and apps aren’t in tune when I play them, it means that I set my base pitch where I want it, not where the tuner or a musical society of standards says it should be. Around 2000, I began to reconsider 440A. It seemed preposterous to me that you have to be at this range to play “music.” In 2001, I prepared my bass with a wooden dowel under all four strings and applied this to my solo project RAFT and a new group called n0 things. By abandoning the notion of concert pitch, I was able to find a place that felt good sonically. A pivotal moment for me was when I strung a rubber band from the horn of my bass back to the dowel rod under the strings and began plucking it as a hook for a song. The resonant thud had overtones I desired to hear even though the setup wasn’t very practical, musically speaking, but it really got down to the bones of what a sound is or can be beyond the standards of music and concert pitch; the “play-here-to-be-a-musician” school of thought. What was peskily ringing inside my own head could now see light and enter into new creative territory. So I began settling into this new relationship between my strings, strange vibrations and my free-to-run sound-self. By the time n0 things had come and gone, I had a system, and A was at 436hz. I had developed something new that came from abandoning concert pitch. I developed all of this much further in the band These Are Powers.

Hopes&Fears asked me to test my aesthetic quandry with a blind taste test at their offices in Brooklyn. The series of pitches I arranged for this two-set sonic demonstration/sound bath was designed to reveal the audible differences between long tones relative to 440hz and 432hz. My second objective was to reveal the physical and emotional effects of the different pitches, which could possibly give us our own answers about this debated subject of 440 versus 432. That said, an audience survey for each piece was needed and I would refrain from telling them which piece was which until after the experiment. Mike Sheffield of Hopes&Fears and I wrote up a questionnaire that would help us document potential emotional and physical reactions for each set. We asked attendees what they ate before coming, what colors they saw during the show, and other experiences (like shapes and moods) they each felt during the pieces. We focused primarily, however, on the following 11 emotions and asked audience members to document which ones, if any, they experienced during 432 and 440. The emotions were as follows:

Discomfort Restlessness Irritability Calm

Pain Sadness Happiness Numbness

Lethargy Panic Relaxation

In order to get an accurate set of responses, I played the same piece “Rethinking Concert Pitch” exactly the same, twice, the first one in 432 and the second in 440, each for 30 minutes. The notes and hertz ranges I chose to present for this demonstration were determined by my own emotional and physical reactions during the research and design phase. I used an app on my Iphone called Signal Generator to find my ranges. It allowed me to quickly scroll through all the semitones around 432 and 440.

Once I found a semitone or tone that l thought had deep content, I rounded it up or down to the nearest note, which would help me express the differences in terms of music rather than hz. I used a very handy conversion chart written by a guy named BH Suits, to help me convert the notes in 432 to 440 and vice versa. For instance, I could look at the chart and see what D was in 432 (288hz) and then what it was in 440 (293.66hz). This way I could keep both sets harmonically identical and equally relative to the middle pitch in both pieces.

The stereo output on my Iphone allowed me to create a left and right signal as I also wanted to model the output after the brain, left-side, right-side, me as corpus callosum mediating both. I enacted this set up based on my gut-belief that higher tones work better with one side of the brain than the other, that side being the right side.

After finding the tones on Signal Generator, I’d punch them into the preset option on an app called Function Generator, which I set to run on the right side through its stereo function. In 432 for instance, I created sine tone presets between 108hz and 647hz, and between 110hz and 659hz for 440. I ran these tones through two 1x12 amps spread about 15 feet apart. On the left side, via the Moog Filtatron App, I ran an oscillating sub frequency out of two 1x15 bass amps (about 15 feet apart) at 54hz for 432 and 55hz for the 440 piece. Both apps could run in the background, or at the same time. The Moog generated the sub frequency, the Tone Generator created the mids, highs and one low pitch, 108hz for 432 and 110hz for 440.

Again, I set the apps identically for both pieces, using the same notes, and the same amount of oscillation. The notes for each set were A, G, F#, E, D, C# and B.

The subjects/audience members were surrounded by the sound as I had set up chairs between the four amps. I wanted them to be immersed so that they could experience the full sonic spectrum.

The first set was in 432; the range alleged to be more pure, more in tune with humans, and more conducive to health and well-being. That set did yield results suggesting just that, yet other results were more surprising.

Select reactions to set 1 at 432hz:

“The 1st third of the set I got deep into a zone, eyes closed and dreamy. Midway through I became very alert and the last third I experienced some agitation.”

“I think the durational sounds made me feel an extreme awareness of heightened mental and physical (realms).”

“The sounds were soothing to me.”

“At first I was a bit anxious, but then it felt like a soft wave overtook me and carried me into a soft fuzzy womb. I thought about a forest and then about masturbating. I thought about a sad moment in my last breakup.”

“...Could really get lost in them (the sounds) moments I got distracted...I emerged with tears…..heartbreak, reconnection, dreamy thoughts, past things/people, future feelings.”

“Elemental, from deep in the Earth, breaking different levels of surface in arcs.”

“Moments of calm, moments of tension...pleasure at intentional listening, felt pretty absorbed by the sound, felt some meandering thoughts.”

“It felt like being underwater with building pressure and amorphous feelings.”

“I was on a boat on the sea and then drifted off into nothingness.”

“The Dawn Breaks in Summer.”

We took a break after the first set at 432. Again, the audience was unaware what it was in, 432 or 440. Everyone had a drink, the rain continued to pour and the mood was pretty neutral among all. It didn’t feel like a party, but there weren’t any bad vibes, mainly, it was void of extremes.

I began the second set in 440 about a half hour after the break.

I immediately felt how the sound was moving faster. After all, hz is a measurement of how many times a tone or sound is occurring in a single second and 440 is higher than 432. The hair on my arms seemed to stand up and I felt a more intense vibration moving through my body. I could definitely feel that if 432 were a drug, it would be one that induced a lethargic or mellow body high. Maybe 440 would be like a drug that mentally stimulated you & made you feel an energetic body high. In any case, vibrations were hitting me harder and faster. I hadn’t experienced this kind of shaking feeling during my practices. It felt like my innards were being stirred around. I wasn’t sure if it was a good or bad thing, but something was happening.

“I thought to myself...Maybe this is what the 432truthers are talking about….”

Exactly 30 minutes later, the set was over. The audience filled out another questionnaire regarding this set. Some results met my expectations, yet others completely defied what I thought would be the case. Basically, I didn’t expect all the “happy” responses.

Select reactions to set 2 at 440 hz:

“Slightly anxious, my perfect pitch made aware at the first note that it was in 440. Hyper self aware, hypersensitive, alert. I could smell things, I thought of unfinished projects. Thought about how funny the word masturbate is.”

“...like a dream or driving….”

“I thought it was more peaceful (than the first).”

“Scenes of driving down dark highways in tunnels in the rain....less natural feeling.”

“This time I was checking my phone a lot. Previous one was more calming, but intense in dark way. 2nd was more dissonant.”

“Less thoughts, more calm, some random thoughts surfaced but mostly absorbed in the sound. Felt clearing/cathartic “healing” however I wonder if other variables affected my experience.”

“The first version felt more intense but just because of the amplitude of those tones...I was in the moment for the most part, few random thoughts passed by…”

“At the beginning of the 2nd set I spontaneously started thinking about things I was grateful for. I imagined being active and defranic in my body. Had the immersive feeling I get when sitting in the sun.”

“I was thinking about a sci-fi church. It felt clearer, richer and less off-putting.”

“I enjoyed this one more. Sounds familiar and major key. Set 2 felt less alien.”

“I was able to go deeper into this. The 440 piece had more movement, more energy, and I was lost in the swirls of the waves. It was more energetic, perhaps potentially more unsettling, but with this piece I was lost more in the beats of the overtones...more rounded, less angular."

Overall, the reactions were pretty varied. And the data around 432 didn’t reveal it to be this transformative and magical sound, but the majority surveyed in set 1 at 432 stated that it was very calming and relaxing. In fact, 83% said they felt calm at 432, while 80% did for 440. A majority, 77.7%, in 432, however, claimed to see dark shades, (black, brown, blue and purple) while during 440, 60% said they saw greens, yellow, red, amber and orange. I think that’s interesting because 432 is definitely a little darker, a little more mysterious. That said, the unease experienced by 44.4% of those surveyed during the 432 set, could perhaps be a reaction by the parasympathetic nervous system to the foreign sonics of 432hz. The descriptions about mood during 432 found a majority siting “contemplative, calm, pondering and relaxed.” The shapes audience members experienced during 432 and some in 440 were described as round, oval and tunnel-like. Shape description for 440 was similar to 432 although some described more triangles and jaggedness.

Here’s two tables of percentages showing the moods experienced during 432 and 440. Calm was the most cited emotion.

1st set at 432hz RESPONSE: Percentage of the 18 surveyed who felt this way Discomfort: 27.7 Restlessness: 44.4 Irritated: 11.11 Calm: 83.33 Pain: 16.66 Sadness: 22.22 Numbness: 38.88 Lethargy: 38.88 Panic: 5.55 Relaxed: 61.1 Happiness: 16.6 2nd set at 440hz RESPONSE: Percentage of the 15 surveyed Discomfort: 20 Restlessness: 40 Irritated: 13.33 Calm: 80 Pain: 6.66 Sadness: 6.66 Numbness: 13.33 Lethargy: 13.33 Panic: 6.66 Relaxed: 73.33 Happiness: 46.66

With all this in mind, through my own research and conducting this demo, I have concluded that 432hz and the harmonic structure relative to it delivers warmer tones that seem more receptive to blending as a harmony. The sound, and this is a fact, is moving slower per second, which may explain its calmer vibration. The fact that calm was the top-sited emotion during both sets tells me that 432 and 440 both have the power to affix and transform the listener. Then again, 7% more people cited discomfort during 432, not to mention that sadness was higher in 432. Maybe 432 has more significant extractive power. I’m not sure, in fact I don’t know if any of these claims about 432 carry any weight other than the scientific fact that they’re moving slower and are lower. I keep looking at the charts going, hmmm….I don’t think there’s anything to this debate, at least based on my mostly unscientific data collection, all despite the fact that I prefer 432. I tried to control the variables as much as possible to get honest reactions. That said, I think what it comes down to is the individual.

We all vibrate differently. The middle pitch you choose should simply be about what works for you. I’ve always been into lower registers, especially being a bass player, and thus I favor 432. The fact that happiness was cited by almost half during 440 versus not even a quarter for 432 tells me that there’s a reason 440 is the middle pitch of pop and classical. It’s like candy for musicians and listeners. 432 is a more savory area and definitely, at least in my ears, more mysterious. I’ll continue using 432 structures as much as possible. I love how sine tones sound in this range. 440 is just too high for me. I’ll keep tuning my bass to around 436. 440 is not for me. The question is, what is best for you?

I suggest finding out.                                                                       0003014-f99274ce9548c3cbd299adfd1304fd2b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006537 00000000000 015264  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.

A Palestinian gunman shot dead two Israeli parents in a shooting attack on their vehicle in Samaria, between Elon Moreh and Itamar on Thursday night; Four of their young children survived the attack without injury and were rescued by emergency responders from the bullet-ridden vehicle.



Magen David Adom paramedics and IDF units pulled the children out of the car near the Palestinian village of Beit Furik, and paramedics declared the parents dead on the scene after failing to detect vital signs.

A 4-month-old baby, a 4-year-old boy, a seven-year-old boy and a nine-year old boy survived the attack without physical injury, after witnessing their parents being shot dead before their eyes.Boaz Malka, a MADA paramedic who arrive on the scene, said, "It was a very difficult scene. We saw a car in the middle of the road, and next to it, a man in his 30s lay on the ground with upper body gunshot wounds. Inside the car a woman sat, with severe upper body wounds. They had no vital signs and to our sorrow we had to declare them dead on the scene."The IDF was sweeping the area for suspects.Reacting to the shooting, Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon said "this murderous terror attack this evening is a clear continuation of the incitement against the State of Israel and its civilians, and repeated attempts to carry out terror attacks.""The war against terrorism requires determination from us, a steel hand, and patience. We are fighting against a blood-thirsty relentless enemy, and with great sorrow we sometimes absorb losses on the way. At this time, the IDF and the Shin Bet (Israel Security Agency) are pursuing the murderers. We will pursue them and we will not be silent until we place our hands on the murderers, and those who sent them."In light of the shooting, right-wing politicians accused Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas 's incitement for the attack, which came a day after he threatened to stop abiding by all agreements with Israel in a fiery speech to the United Nations General Assembly.Likud Minister Miri Regev said, "24 hours after the violent speech of the arch-murderer Abu Mazen [Abbas], a husband and wife were killed in Israel."She called on Israel to take harsher steps against Palestinian terror.Education Minister Naftali Bennett (Bayit Yehudi) said that Abbas's "call to arms was taken up tonight in Israel, and it is red with blood."Bennett added that "A people whose leaders encourage murder will never have a state, and this must be made clear. Now the time of talking is done and the time for action has come."Meanwhile, Hamas praised the "heroic terror attack" and called for more "quality attacks."The group said that "Zionists will pay the price for [Prime Minister Benjamin] Netanyahu's criminal policies everywhere."

Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>



                                                                                                                                                                 0003179-733c7a2fcfc6911abb9352bd64f0ea73.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004450 00000000000 015244  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Man who stabbed ex-partner's Tinder date to death in Sydney jailed for 30 years

Updated

A man who stabbed to death his ex-partner's Tinder date in a Sydney restaurant has been sentenced to at least 30 years in jail.

Jovi Pilapil was on a first date with Keith Collins at a restaurant in the Hornsby shopping centre last year when they were attacked.

Alexander Villaluna killed Mr Collins after stabbing the 53-year-old 10 times in the stomach and neck with a hunting knife he had bought a few weeks earlier.

Villaluna stabbed his former partner in the chest and arm before she managed to escape.

He surrendered at the scene and later pleaded guilty to murder and wounding with intent to commit grievous bodily harm.

For murder, the 46-year-old was sentenced to a maximum 34 years in prison. For wounding, he was sentenced to a maximum 12 years.

Part of the sentences will be served concurrently.

The sentences carry a combined non-parole period of 30 years.

'Cowardly and vicious'

In sentencing, Justice Robert Beech-Jones described the crimes as "cowardly and vicious".

"The offender is an almost text book example of a perpetrator of extreme domestic violence," he said.

Justice Beech-Jones described CCTV footage of the crime.

It showed Villaluna attacking Mr Collins first, then stabbing Ms Pilapil before returning to Mr Collins who was trying to get up off the floor.

"Of all the cowardly and pitiless acts the offender committed on this day, his actions in returning to finish off a dying man on the ground were the most heinous," Justice Beech-Jones said.

"The offender interrupted his vicious attack on his ex-partner to stab a defenceless dying man that the offender had never met and only because he dared to have dinner with a woman who did not wish to be with the offender anymore."

The court heard Ms Pilapil met Mr Collins through the dating app Tinder.

"The offender regarded Mr Collins as simply some intruder on his domain who he had the right to eliminate," Justice Beech-Jones said.

Villaluna and Ms Pilapil separated six months before the attack after a physically abusive relationship.

Justice Beech-Jones said Villaluna had shown no remorse.

Topics: law-crime-and-justice, crime, murder-and-manslaughter, police, community-and-society, domestic-violence, courts-and-trials, hornsby-2077

First posted                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0003054-58d784a725b41a65703d493c7bf392d9.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012707 00000000000 014706  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption David Sillito explores how Lowry was influenced by his surroundings

The works of LS Lowry will continue to divide opinion within the art establishment, predicts the co-curator of a major new Tate exhibition.

"He became a football in a certain kind of culture wars - and I think that will go on being the case," said Professor Tim Clark.

Lowry and the Painting of Modern Life opens at Tate Britain on Wednesday.

The show is the first to be held by a public institution in London since Lowry's death in 1976.

Born in 1887, Lowry is best known for his paintings of the industrial landscapes of the north of England.

Many works depict the factories and terraced houses - and their working class inhabitants - around Salford and Pendlebury where Lowry lived and worked.

"He is not an artist who fits into the Home Counties, Eton and Oxbridge view of England and Englishness," said Professor Clark, speaking at a preview of the Tate show on Monday.

Image caption Two of Lowry's Industrial Landscape paintings from the 1950s on display at Tate Britain

"He is not a subscriber to the cult of the countryside, country manors or the ambiguity or fatality of Empire. His subject is industry and the form of life that it made.

"It puts him outside things - it makes him very hard for the actual cultural elite of England to take seriously."

The exhibition, co-curated by art historians Clark and Anne Wagner of the University of California, features more than 90 works - including loans from public and private lenders.

Highlights include Ancoats Hospital Outpatients Hall (1952), painted in the early years of the NHS, and The Cripples (1949), which shows people disabled by war and illness.

The paintings include the Tate's own Coming Out of School (1927), The Pond (1950), Industrial Landscape (1955) and Hillside in Wales (1962).

LS Lowry 1887-1976 LS Lowry is known for his paintings of the industrial landscapes of the north of England.

Lowry was born in Stretford, Manchester on 1 November, 1887 to middle class parents.

On leaving school in 1904, he began work in Manchester as a clerk with a firm of chartered accountants, studying painting and drawing in the evenings.

In 1910 he became a rent collector and clerk with the Pall Mall Property Company in Manchester; he remained a full-time employee and eventually chief cashier until his retirement in 1952.

He drew inspiration from his surroundings, particularly Pendlebury, near Manchester, where he lived from 1909 to 1948.

From 1948 until his death he lived in the same small, unmodernised house in Cheshire.

Lowry died on 23 February 1976, aged 88, at Woods Hospital, Glossop, following an attack of pneumonia.

In September 1976, the largest exhibition of Lowry's work to date took place at the Royal Academy. Your Paintings - LS Lowry

The Lowry exhibition comes after critics from the art world called on Tate to show its collection of paintings or put them up for sale.

Some had questioned whether the gallery on London's Millbank had purposely not shown the Manchester artist's work because he was "too northern".

Speaking on Monday, Tate Britain director Penelope Curtis said the Lowry exhibition was for "believers and also for cynics".

"What we'd like to think is this show will delight people who love Lowry, but also open the eyes to those who thought that Lowry was not part of mainstream painting," she said.

The exhibition also explores Lowry's connections with French art and shows his work alongside French-themed paintings of Vincent van Gogh and Camille Pissarro.

The French impressionist, Adolphe Valette, taught Lowry in Manchester for many years.

Lowry's works online Watch a slideshow of L.S. Lowry's works, and discover more about this intriguing artist at BBC Your Paintings

"The myth says Lowry's an isolated weirdo completely off on his own," said Professor Clark. "Actually he very early on decided he was more likely to get sympathetic attention in Paris than in London."

He added: "Lowry's a very English artist indeed, but in order to have the confidence to take on the industrial scene he built on his understanding of the French painting of modern life."

Hidden painting

The Tate revealed on Monday that a little-known painting on the back of another work at the exhibition shed new light on the way Lowry would revisit and refine his favourite scenes over the years.

The unnamed painting on the wooden panel behind The Mission Room (1937) is an earlier version of two works featured in the exhibition: Our Town (1941) and A Town Square (1928).

"What this tells us is that Lowry was perfecting and developing his compositions with great care," Professor Wagner told the BBC.

"He is possessed with certain compositions throughout the years - he can't get them out of his mind. It's not that he had a paucity of invention, but that these are the works he wants to depict."

Image caption The Pond (left) is one of Lowry's large urban panoramas on display

The final room of the exhibition brings together, for the first time, seven large-scale panoramas of northern industrial landscapes and the Welsh mining valleys.

"They represent a step up in style and a move forward to a deliberate effort to lay hold of this stage industrial society as it was passing away," said Professor Clark.

"The paintings do have a valedictory, memorialising tone, though I don't think they are relentlessly glum and gloomy," he added.

Lowry and the Painting of Modern Life is at Tate Britain from 26 June - 20 October.                                                         0003253-efb37a4ded59a6b13928d80f9d7c3c25.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003235 00000000000 015257  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        For those of you game to try the avante garde route we’d like you to introduce to you Lady Gaga and the latest fashion accessory she has taken to and by extension what you must too…



stylelist Gaga basically lives in “the” sky-high, heel-less platforms, which look physically impossible to stand on, not to mention walk in.

The creator of the famous footwear, 25-year-old Japanese designer Norita Tatehana, was kind enough to send us a pair of his gravity-defying designs — in sparkly pink stingray

Pink Stingray? Mmh- that’s already got us salivating. But how much should you be prepared to pay for this audacious excuse to finally come clean with your foot fashion fetish? If you guessed $6500- you are spot on?

Like the author from stylelist we are also wondering if any reasonable human being can really wear the Lady gaga shoe without inadvertingly eventually smashing their face into a window pane, inverting leg muscle traction or becoming their own interesting parody…

One day when Lady Gaga is strutting the planks on her magic catwalk she will fall flat down only to get up and look the paparazzi dead in the eye and hope that every one of those 48 000 cameras were there taking their picture of her before turning back at the chipmunk in her $72 000 handbag and winking- ‘we’ve got them fooled kiddo…’

The Lady Gaga Barbie doll is finally here.

Gaga. Fascinating “Free” Dame.

Lady Gaga wants you to understand one day in the distant future she wants to be left alone.

Bad Romance. Lady Gaga and her ex head to the courts.

Authentic Message or Gaga Flair?

Is Lady Gaga Crazy?

When fancy dress becomes a permanent state of being, Lady Gaga style                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003245-3613b132894f187f20d41f72ef8bab23.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020562 00000000000 014742  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Sharpening in Adobe Lightroom 3 I've written a number of articles on how best to sharpen images in Adobe Photoshop but Lightroom can do an outstanding job of sharpening as well. If you're used to sharpening in Photoshop, the technique is similar in Lightroom, but much better. Here's the basic rundown. First, as with all things in Lightroom, sharpening is processed non-destructively. It never actually changes the underlying pixels of your image. Everything it does exists solely as a list of instructions to be applied on-the-fly to your image preview. These instructions are stored along with all your other adjustments when you save your image. When you open it next time, everything is right where you left it. All your adjustments look like they are part of your image, but the really aren't. If you subsequently make more changes, nothing has been lost or degraded as a result of your earlier choices. You can tweak things as much as you want until you are satisfied, with no more loss than if you had made those same choices in the beginning. None of those edits actually get baked into your image until you print it or export it from Lightroom. It's also worth pointing out that sharpening in Lightroom only ever affects the luminance channel of the image, not the color. As such, problems of fringing and color shifts are far less likely than when working in RGB mode in Photoshop. Before you start sharpening, open your image in the Develop module and create a virtual copy by right clicking on the image in the main window and selecting "create virtual copy." This will let you use View >> "Before / After" to easily see the net effect of your sharpening. Making a virtual copy isn't required, but it can be helpful and there's little reason not to. Lightroom virtual copies don't take any real space since they exist just as a second set of adjustment instructions rather than a second copy of the image pixels themselves. Remember, Lightroom never changes your actual image pixels. The controls for Sharpening in Lightroom are located in the Detail panel of the Develop module. The interface looks straightforward enough. At the top of the section is a small detail zoom preview window. Underneath that you'll find four sliders. But before you just start pushing those sliders around, let's take a look at what each of these does. By default, the zoom preview shows you a 1:1 view but the scale can be changed in much the same way as the main image view window. If you click on it with your left mouse button, the zoom will toggle between this close-up view and an overall view of your image. Click again and it goes back to the zoom view. If instead you right mouse click the zoom preview you can change to close-up to be a full 2:1 view. This larger-than-life view can lead to a mistaken impression of what your image looks like unless you are careful so I'd suggest leaving the zoom preview at the standard 1:1 view for most situations.

Amount

Radius

Detail

Masking What I generally do is to set the zoom preview to 1:1 and adjust the main Develop view panel to 1:2. The fifty-percent view, or 1:2, works well to gauge the degree of sharpening and the 1:1 zoom preview helps check detail areas when needed. With this configuration, checking the overall view of the image requires just a single mouse click on the main image to toggle it to the "fit" view so you can see the whole thing. Click again and I'm back to the 1:2 view. To move the zoom window around the image, either click on it and drag, or click on the small cross-hairs icon to the upper left of the zoom preview and then move your cursor over the main image. As you do, the zoom preview will track your mouse movements. Clicking on the main image will end the tracking and lock the zoom preview where you clicked. There's also a down-arrow icon to the upper right of the zoom preview that will let you collapse the Detail panel to get rid of the zoom preview, although I honestly don't know why you would want to do that. Now on to the sliders. As befits its position as the topmost slider in the Sharpening dialog, the Amount slider controls the overall amount of sharpening to be applied and is likely the one that will have the greatest affect on the appearance of the image you are working on. The farther to the right you position it the more affect it will have. If the Amount slider is left at its default value of zero, none of the other sliders can be used and will appear grayed out. You can take this as a clue that you are intended to use the Amount slider first when sharpening. If you hold down the Alt key (Option key on Mac OS) as you move the Amount slider you can temporarily view your image purely as grayscale. In full color, your eye can easily be fooled into thinking your image is sharper than it is if the subject has a strong color contrast compared to the background. Sharpening works by adjusting contrast along edges and working in grayscale makes it easier to accurately gauge contrast. Don't worry — as soon as you release the Alt key the color will return. The Radius slider determines how close to detected edges detail needs to be to be included in the sharpening affect. It also helps determine just where those edges are. As you move the slider further to the right Lightroom will find ever more details in your image that qualify as edges. Just as with the Amount slider, you can hold down the Alt (Option) key while adjust the Radius slider to gain insight into how your changes will affect the image. When you do, the image will turn to a grayscale version but this time the view will be based just on the edges that Lightroom finds. Where no edges are detected the image will appear as featureless medium-toned gray. Edges will stand out as increased contrast areas in that field of gray. The view will be familiar if you have ever made use of the high-pass sharpening technique in Photoshop. Generally, you should move the slider until only major edges start to appear in the zoom preview but this will vary somewhat based on what sort of detail you want to emphasize. Remember, all your adjustments here are lossless so you can feel comfortable playing with the sliders to optimize your results for the particular image you are working on. The Detail slider functions similarly to the Radius slider but looks only at fine detail rather than at all edges. You can safely set the Detail slider to a higher value if the Radius slider is set lower, and vice versa. The two work hand in hand. If both are set too high, watch out. If you want to accentuate only major edges, set the Radius high and the Detail low. If you are working on an image with fine detail that you want to see clearly, set the Radius more moderately and raise the Detail slider. Holding down the Alt (Option) key works the same way for the Detail slider as it does for Amount. The Masking slider is a welcome addition to Lightroom that makes it easy to limit your sharpening to edges and keep areas that don't need sharpening unchanged. There's nothing more frustrating than sharpening digital noise that may happen to exist in what is supposed to be a clear blue sky. Masking lets you avoid this. If you are familiar with edge sharpening techniques in Photoshop, you probably already understand the intent of the Masking slider. As you move the slider to the right, only areas that truly should be considered edges will be affected with everything else masked out. If you hold down the Alt (Option) key while adjusting Masking you can see the traditional grayscale display of the mask. Areas that are black will be blocked completely from the affects of sharpening. Areas that aren't will be affected proportionally to how bright they appear in the mask display. With the slider all the way down at zero, the sharpening will be applied equally across the image. With it moved all the way up to 100 only the most obvious of edges will qualify. With the Mask slider set appropriately for an image you can more safely boost the values of the other sliders without fear of halos and other artifacts. I really like the way Lightroom implements sharpening. Sharpening has long been problematic in Photoshop due both from a lack of good tools as well as the fact that the process is inherently destructive in Photoshop since it requires actual pixels to be modified. And since it works only on the luminance channel it is generally much easier to sharpen in Lightroom than in Photoshop without fear of ending up with something that ends up looking like you sharpened it.                                                                                                                                              0003285-147ccfc44cb27f46d12a22b373dce47e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012740 00000000000 015240  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Trump Set To Pardon A Man Who Should Be Serving A Life Sentence For Entrapment

Caitlin Johnstone Blocked Unblock Follow Following Aug 14, 2017

President Trump stated today that he is considering pardoning attention whore/mob boss/former sheriff Joe Arpaio for his contempt-of-court conviction after refusing a judge’s order to cease traffic patrols targeting undocumented immigrants.

As with all presidential pardons (seriously how are these still a thing?), the prospect of this one has sparked instant outrage and controversy, which as always has broken down along predictable partisan lines. Those on what passes for America’s political left nowadays despise Arpaio for his consistent and extensive history of systemic racial profiling and brutal mistreatment of prisoners, while those on the right adore him for the exact same reasons. I’d like to quickly remind everyone of a rarely-discussed reason why Arpaio should have been rotting in a prison cell for a long time already, which has nothing to do with any of those things.

In 2003, a Maricopa County Superior Court jury acquitted a man who had been in jail awaiting trial since 1999 on the grounds that he had been entrapped into a staged assassination attempt on Sheriff Arpaio. James Saville, a troubled youth with a checkered past, had his prime years from 18 to 22 ripped away from him, and was facing 22 more years if convicted. Had he served that full term, and had evidence not emerged that Arpaio’s goons planted evidence on him in a publicity bid to get their sheriff re-elected, Saville would still be in prison today.

The Phoenix New Times reported in 2004:

Four years after his televised arrest, a Maricopa County Superior Court jury ruled that Arpaio’s detectives had entrapped Saville.

Entrapment defenses rarely succeed because they are exceedingly difficult to prove. James Saville’s attorney, Ulises Ferragut, had to prove that the idea of killing the sheriff had started with law enforcement, that deputies or their agents urged Saville to commit the crime and that Saville was not predisposed to do it.

Ferragut proved all three elements, and James Saville walked out of Arpaio’s jail a free man. After the trial, jurors told Ferragut they were convinced that Saville had been a pawn in an elaborate media ploy.

“Arpaio had cameras out there waiting to film the arrest,” Ferragut says. “The jurors indicated this was clearly a publicity stunt.”

Per Phoenix Magazine in 2005:

Saville’s attorney, Ulises Ferragut, prevailed on all three, even though he began the case by telling the jury that his client, in fact, did everything the prosecution was claiming: He designed a bomb, he bought all the parts for a bomb, he built the bomb, and he went to the parking lot where the sheriff’s car was parked. “But wait until you hear why he did all those things,” Ferragut told the jury.

As it turned out, Ferragut had some powerful help in proving his case, including a dishonest informant who the jury clearly saw as the orchestrator, a defendant they did not believe was an angry young man, and a former undercover sheriff’s officer who they saw as courageous for spilling the beans.

Jurors listened in disbelief as testimony showed it was the sheriff’s money that purchased the bomb parts, and an undercover officer who drove Saville around to buy the parts. They also heard how the sheriff and his top lieutenants had sat inside The Ro-man Table for more than two hours, waiting for the “bomber” to show up. They heard how the media had been alerted that morning that a bust was coming down, and how a television cameraman had waited in the bushes until around 3 p.m. And they learned that Jimmy Saville had been sitting in jail for four long years since then, waiting for his day in court, because the sheriff’s office had dragged its feet in producing evidence, dribbling out one report, one tape, one transcript at a time.

After Saville’s highly publicized arrest Arpaio boldly stood before news cameras stating, “If they think they are going to scare me away with bombs and everything else, it’s not going to bother me.” He was re-elected months later.

In 2004 Saville’s family sued Arpaio for $10 million dollars, and were given a settlement of an undisclosed amount, more than a million dollars of which came out of public coffers.

I’ve got a soft spot in my heart for my Trump-supporting readers, but you are dead wrong about Arpaio. This man is a thug of the worst order, and it is only because of a gross power imbalance within America’s abominable judicial system that he is not currently locked away in a cage where he belongs. There is no way of knowing how many lives he has ruined in order to advance his personal ambitions, but given the way that he has built a career on targeting the most voiceless and powerless populations in America, it would be incredibly naive to think that James Saville was the only one.

Joseph Arpaio is a brutish, evil man, and he deserves to die in prison. You are wrong to defend him, and the president is wrong to contemplate pardoning him. If he ends up serving any prison time at all for his judicial and wholly justified contempt-of-court conviction it will be far too little and far too late a punishment for his personal depravity, but still infinitely better than nothing.

— — —

I’m a 100 percent reader-funded journalist so if you enjoyed this, please consider helping me out by sharing it around, liking me on Facebook, following me on Twitter, or throwing some money into my hat on Patreon.                                0003291-e30dd5f32796bcfa09991f40826d5c5b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010673 00000000000 015123  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        JERUSALEM (CNN) -- At least three Israeli missiles hit the Palestinian Interior Ministry in Gaza early Thursday, hours after Palestinian militants fired more than 40 Qassam rockets into southern Israel.

One of those rockets struck near a college, killing one person, according to the Israeli military and emergency medical services. The Palestinian rockets are a near daily occurrence but have only occasionally injured or killed people.

The strike at the ministry injured several people, according to Palestinian sources. Another rocket hit the building several minutes later, the sources said. A six-month-old child was struck by shrapnel and killed, the sources said.

The ministry strike was part of a series of Israeli airstrikes on Gaza in retaliation for the rocket attack. They included one outside Gaza City that killed two children, Palestinian medical sources said.

The Israeli military confirmed eight airstrikes in Gaza. The targets were rocket manufacturing and launching sites and a headquarters building, the Israelis said. Palestinian sources said two militants were killed.

The continuing violence came as an opinion poll in a leading Israeli paper suggested most Israelis think their government should negotiate with Hamas -- the militants in control of Gaza -- for a cease-fire and the release of a captured soldier.

The poll, conducted by the newspaper Haaretz and the polling company Dialog, found 64 percent of Israelis in favor of talks.

"It now appears that this opinion is gaining traction in the wider public, which until recently vehemently rejected such negotiations," according to the newspaper.



"According to the findings, Israelis are fed up with seven years of Qassam rockets falling on Sderot and the communities near Gaza, as well as the fact that [Gilad] Shalit has been held captive for more than a year and a half," the newspaper said.

Shalit was 19 when he was captured June 25, 2006, by Palestinian militants who tunneled into Israel and attacked an army outpost near the Gaza-Israel-Egypt border.

Apart from the one death and one injury Wednesday by Palestinian rockets that hit Sapir College, near Sderot, no other injuries were reported from the rockets.

Another Israeli airstrike -- targeting a rocket cell in northern Gaza -- killed one civilian and injured three others just outside Jebalya, Palestinian medical and security sources said.

Five Hamas members were killed in an earlier airstrike in Gaza, the sources said.

The Israeli military confirmed it carried out the airstrikes in northern Gaza, but offered no details.

Earlier this month, Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert resisted pressure to launch a broader military operation against Palestinian militants in Gaza after a rocket attack seriously wounded an 8-year-old boy in Sderot. The boy's leg was amputated.

Instead, Israel retaliated with troops carrying out airstrikes in Gaza against Hamas targets.

Olmert has vowed not to "slacken" against the ongoing attacks on Israel, which he described as an "almost daily war."

"We will continue to struggle in order to reduce to nil the threat that is upsetting the quality of life of residents of the south," he said.

As part of that struggle, Olmert said, Israel will continue its military operations and its blockade of "materials that could serve the terrorist organizations, including energy."

Israel has allowed some fuel and medical supplies into Gaza, but has kept the border crossings closed except to meet emergency humanitarian needs. The block on food, fuel and medicine has led to long lines at stores and left hospitals without heat.

Human rights groups have protested against the blockade, accusing Israel of collectively punishing civilians along with the territory's Hamas leadership.

On Monday, thousands of people formed a human chain along Gaza's roads in a Hamas-led protest over the blockade. Hamas does not recognize Israel's right to exist, and Israel and the United States consider it a terrorist organization.

"This may not always be loved but it is an important part of counterterrorist activity," Olmert said.

He also said the Israeli government is building 13 new schools in Sderot and surrounding areas that will be reinforced to protect them from the salvo of rockets.

It is part of a $14 million plan approved by the Knesset in January.

The poll figures were obtained in a Haaretz-Dialog poll conducted Tuesday under the supervision of Professor Camil Fuchs of Tel Aviv University. E-mail to a friend

All About Israel • Hamas                                                                     0003097-22cd77148c690e5d6c6444c00a35940a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001717 00000000000 014666  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Image caption The Titan Arum is endangered in its natural habitat of Sumatra's tropical forests

The National Botanic Garden of Belgium is staying open late to give visitors a chance to see one of the world's largest and smelliest flowers.

The Titan Arum rarely blooms, though the Brussels specimen is said to have done so three times since 2008.

The flower rises 2.44m (8ft) off the ground and is expected to wane on Wednesday after only three days.

The Titan Arum is also known as the "corpse flower" because of the strong stench of rotting meat it gives off.

When the plant is ready to attract pollinators, the spike heats up and gives off the smell which, while revolting to humans, is very alluring to insects. It then develops a fruit which attracts birds before ending its life.

It is endangered in its natural habitat of the tropical forests of Sumatra.

A spokesman for the Jardin de Meise said it was "exceptional" that its specimen had flowered so frequently.                                                 0003025-847969855f545f4587bd7060638a12bd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001772 00000000000 014560  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Seller Notes:

“ Museum Condition-meaning VGC for something that was USED (though minimally) in real life-NOT showroom or MINT condition! Driven over 1300 miles since November 1, 2018-mainly to test/sort all the issues out. Was stored for about 10 years prior to that. Shake down driving worked! Issues replaced! New: Distributor, Coil, Ignition Control Module, Fuel Pump, Tune-Up, Oil Filter, Air Filter, In-Line Fuel Filters, Valve Cover Gaskets and probably a few other things in that time. Tires have only about 1500 miles on 5 meaty bias plies. Originally from KY, and though not "southwest pristine" has very minimal rust. All known interior auxiliary electrical works, but interior electrical outlets unknown-all wiring intact, but not sure how system works, and not an electrician, so don't want to push my luck. Minor paint chips or pin-stripe imperfections. 4x4 works as of 12/2018. About as good as something 37 years old that WAS driven 32,000 mile can be! Great for Van Life Expedition Van build out ”      0003241-4cbf3cacd65ef827db4d60a424e0d955.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007031 00000000000 015314  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Tim Campbell, a third-year campus doctoral student in computer science, died Sept. 15 at age 26 after living with cancer for four years. He is remembered by friends and colleagues for his positivity and his innovative mind.

At UC Berkeley, he studied human-computer interaction, a discipline that examines how humans engage with technology.

According to Eric Paulos, Campbell’s adviser and an assistant professor in the campus’s electrical engineering and computer science department, he was a pioneer in a field he called “digital apprenticeship.”

Campbell was first diagnosed with Ewing’s sarcoma, a rare form of cancer, in August 2011 and relapsed three times in the past four years. He was in the middle of chemotherapy and radiation treatment when he decided to attend graduate school at UC Berkeley.

“He had a terminal diagnosis four years ago, and instead of giving up, he chose to be an incredibly present and loving husband,” said his wife, Katie Campbell. “He chose to keep creating in spite of the very real possibility that he would never get to actualize any of his ideas. He kept investing in new relationships and developed best friends. He chose to start a Ph.D. program when he knew he would have weekly chemo, and he chose to just face it head on. I think that is remarkable.”

Tim Campbell was an active member of the campus community. He participated in the Computer Science Graduate Student Association, where he planned social events and mentored younger graduate students, and was also part of UC Berkeley’s Graduate Baking Club.

“He was a kind of a baking nerd,” said Campbell’s friend and fellow graduate student Cesar Torres with a laugh. “Fermentation (of yogurt and bread) was his hidden agenda, his hidden project.”

His wife noted how he would often wake up in the middle of the night and be overcome by the desire to do research on the subject, watching videos on fermentation for hours. She said he would often switch gears in the middle of conversations, frantically sketching out ideas on bundles of paper towels and other available surfaces.

While at UC Berkeley, Campbell worked for Autodesk, where he wrote instructables. In addition, he worked as a mechanical design engineer at Xerox, consulted for Adobe and helped invent hydrosense technology at the University of Washington.

“Tim was just overflowing with ideas,” said Paulos. “It was his character to always be so happy and so ready with ideas about what could be next. He never slowed down — that part of his energy and spirit here that really feels like a loss.”

Campbell was always working despite his diagnosis. According to Katie Campbell, he would ride his bicycle from chemotherapy to class and edit papers while getting chemo treatments.

Throughout middle school, high school and his undergraduate education, Tim Campbell worked with younger children as a Christian leader and mentor.

To honor his memory, Katie Campbell is working with Paulos as well as Tim Campbell’s family to create a scholarship at UC Berkeley “to fuel innovation at Cal and give other aspiring kids a chance to create,” she said.

“It’s been a tremendous loss for the human interaction community,” said Bjorn Hartmann, Tim Campbell’s colleague and an associate professor of electrical engineering and computer science at UC Berkeley. “He was such a positive force. It’s been really hard for everyone to grieve his loss, but we cherish the great luck we’ve all had to have known him and had the chance to work with him.”

Contact Maya Eliahou at [email protected].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0003278-0f4a54926900aebe6b0e67eeeffc22dd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002624 00000000000 015411  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Football Prize to reflect season rather than calendar year

Zidane, on the verge of being 'The Best'

FIFA want to change the format of 'The Best' award, as the organisation has discussed the possibility of changing the awards to recognise the best players from each season rather than the calendar year.

The Balon d'Or, meanwhile, will stay in its current format - the two awards will no longer be linked as The Best hopes to distance itself from the otherwise similar individual prize.

Only in South America does the football season fall in line with the calendar year, with football elsewhere running from August to June.

Ahead of this change to 'The Best', the timing of votes will be brought forward to the beginning of each season to allow for players and coaches to vote in each category with the previous season in mind.

The Champions League will therefore have an impact on the vote, with Cristano Ronaldo's decisive goals at the end of the season and Gianluigi Buffon's form in goal for Juventus likely to be a consideration for those who vote.

The timing of the final of the competition will also play favourably into both players' hands, with Real Madrid playing Juventus in Cardiff on June 3.

London has been chosen as the location for the awards this season and the gala will take place on October 23, at which the male and female players with the most votes will collect their awards alongside the World XI.                                                                                                            0003249-c376156eafd63d96d77e5dfb142dd9cf.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004671 00000000000 015360  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        President Medvedev wants to increase the combat readiness of Russian forces Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has said Moscow will begin a comprehensive military rearmament from 2011. Mr Medvedev said the primary task would be to "increase the combat readiness of [Russia's] forces, first of all our strategic nuclear forces". Explaining the move, he cited concerns over Nato expansion near Russia's borders and regional conflicts. Last year, the Kremlin set out plans to increase spending on Russia's armed forces over the next two years. Russia will spend nearly $140bn (£94.5bn) on buying arms up until 2011. Higher oil revenues in recent years have allowed the Kremlin to increase the military budget, analysts say. But prices have averaged $40 a barrel in 2009 compared with $100 last year. Outdated equipment In his first address to a defence ministry meeting in his capacity as supreme commander, Mr Medvedev said considerable sums are being channelled towards developing and purchasing modern military equipment.

Inside Russia's military Send us your comments "Despite the financial problems we have to cope with today, the size of these sums has remained virtually the same as planned." Analysts say the brief war in Georgia exposed problems with outdated equipment and practices within Russia's armed forces and led to calls for military modernisation. President Medvedev's remarks also appear significant for what they say about the diplomatic game between Moscow and the new administration in the United States, says the BBC's James Rodgers in Moscow. Both sides are looking for a solution to issues - such as US missile defence plans in Europe - which bitterly divided the Kremlin and the White House during the Bush administration. Neither, though, seems willing simply to abandon previously-held positions, our correspondent adds. The Russian Security Council is currently developing a new military doctrine which is expected to reflect current and forthcoming international developments, including any changes Nato may set out this year, missile defence deployments and WMD proliferation. "The Security Council will approve Russia's national security strategy until 2020 in the near future," President Medvedev said. Watch Tim Whewell's films on the Russian military on Newsnight on Tuesday 17 March and Wednesday 18 March, 2009 at 2230 on BBC Two.



Bookmark with: Delicious

Digg

reddit

Facebook

StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version                                                                       0003048-6ac419e4bb188a2794914b3debbdb002.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007057 00000000000 015157  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Vasko Kohlmayer is at it again. It was not too long ago that he wrote an article in the Washington Post claiming that there is no such thing as an Atheist. Well here we go again, another silly Washington Post article from Mr Kohlmayer.

Apparently he has now decided, in stark contrast to his previous article, that Atheists do actually exist, and are simply illogical. So how does he establish this? Well, he starts out like this …

…let us turn to the Secular Web (formerly Internet Infidels) which is the most widely frequented atheist website on the internet.

He then proceeds to pick one … count them … one single argument from a long list and proceeds to demolish it. Incidentally, it took me some time to actually find what he was attacking, I’ll not bore you with the details, but if truly curious, it comes from Number 7 on this page.

There are two of immediate key points.

1) I personally don’t gave a toss about proofs that God does not exist, and many others hold a similar view. It is not our problem to worry about disproving nonsense. Instead the burden of proof rests with the believers to present some credible objective evidence … so far that has been exactly zero.

2) Mr Kohlmayer is guilty of quote mining. He has plucked the argument away from the surrounding text and then proceeds to demolish it in isolation and so implies the author was being incoherent. What he fails to tell you is that the author expresses some concern regarding this specific argument, but nevertheless includes it for completeness. For example the author writes … “not all nontheists would accept…” … and also explains … “All such arguments, though, would lead into the same sort of difficult and controversial issues as does the Nonphysical-vs.-Personal Argument, and so should not be regarded to be among the most forceful of the various atheological arguments available”

The fact that Mr Kohlmayer is prepared to quote-mine and so craft a strawman is no surprise, it’s the sort of dishonesty and lack of integrity we have come to expect from believers, nope no surprise there at all. But he does not stop with that, he then goes on to claim that this is part of an atheist worldview because it comes from a popular web-site, and of course every breathing atheist considers every word on this website to be the absolute truth, especially when quote-mined and taken out of context … yea right.

OK, lets pause for a moment, what the heck is an atheist worldview? He keeps using that term, but I honestly have no idea what that actually means. Atheism is not a worldview, instead it is a conclusion ..no evidence has been presented to verify the claim that there is a god, so we simply reject the assertions regarding god. In other words, it’s the null hypothesis, that’s it, nothing more. It’s not a belief, it’s not a religion, it says nothing about how you should live, it says nothing about what is right and wrong … it is just the rejection of silly claims about supernatural gods due to zero evidence (So how many times need I repeat it before they get it? … many more I suspect).

In the end what am I to conclude? Well Mr Kohlmayer is well qualified, he has earned degrees in philosophy and literature, and has written for a number of newspapers, so what we learn is that being smart does not in any way prevent you from being either irrational or a complete kook, instead you simply think up really smart ways to justify nonsense.

Links

Share this: Facebook

Twitter

Reddit

Tumblr

Pinterest

LinkedIn

Pocket

Skype

WhatsApp

Email

Print



Like this: Like Loading...                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0003281-76d0cd8d35fc9346c6e62c6027dafc70.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005646 00000000000 015203  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The UK brokerage platform of Citibank, Citigroup's (C) consumer division, is now offering clients access to Ether exchange traded notes (ETNs), according to XBT Group, a Sweden-based company that is providing the cryptocurrency investing platform.

Ethereum is the second most popular cryptocurrency with investors after Bitcoin. What distinguishes Ethereum from Bitcoin is the technology behind Ether, the unit of cryptocurrency used on the Ethereum blockchain.

Today Ethereum is trading at $295 and has a market cap if $28 billion.

XBT Provider, a CoinShares Company is the group behind the first Bitcoin and Ether ETNS. Last month, the group listed the world's first two Ether-tracking ETNs on Nasdaq Stockholm.

Citibank move to give consumers access to Ether is yet again another positive move and for the cryptocurrency market.

Earlier this week, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) Group announced it will launch Bitcoin futures this year. That legitimized the cryptocurrency all the more and send its valuation skyrocketing above $7,000.

"I am particularly excited for UK investors who can now gain access to the exchange traded ether note via Citibank UK's brokerage platform," said Laurent Kssis, managing director of XBT Provider by CoinShares. "We've been working diligently to ensure that qualified UK investors have access to the ether ETNs, via their brokerage of choice, and the addition of access via Citibank UK is an important piece of this mission."

"The addition of the ether ETN to the Citibank UK platform is yet another indicator of the rapid maturation of the crypto-asset space," Kssis added. "At CoinShares our focus is satisfying market demand by delivering the most fit for purpose, professional investment vehicles possible; a mission validated thus far by the response to the ether product from investors - more than $20 million in AUM in less than three weeks - and institutions such as CitiBank UK."

At press time, Citibank failed to provide a comment on Ether ETNs.

It is no secret banks and traditional financial institutions have been resistant to acknowledging cryptocurrencies. The most vocal on this investment type has been JPMorgan (JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon who criticized Bitcoin and dubbed it a "fraud' and "worse than tulip bulbs."

There are a number of banks taking a look at crypto, some with a more positive outlook. For example Goldman Sachs (GS) CEO Lloyd Blankfein's has also in the past acknowledged Bitcoin and expressed the possibility that Goldman could get involved in the cryptocurrency, potentially via a trading operation focused on Bitcoin.

UK investors can also access Ether and Bitcoin ETNs through a capital markets company called Hargreaves Lansdowne. The Bitcoin and Ether ETNs can be placed in a self-invested personal pension (SIPP). The move from Citibank further confirms the continued momentum for the mainstream adoption of crypto-currency by financial institutions.

More of What's Trending on TheStreet:                                                                                          0003282-e883e6fc8665cd91e6767a0611defbd1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005115 00000000000 015207  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        "We are at the end of the Reagan era." Or, at least, that is the claim of voices as diverse as Newt Gingrich and Ed Rollins on the right and Sen. Chuck Schumer and pollster Stanley Greenberg on the left. It is true the Republican Party is having difficulty retooling its message for the 21st century. But so is the Democratic Party.

Every presidential election is about change, and no more so than at the end of a two-term president's time in the White House. Parties have to constantly update themselves if they hope to remain relevant. The difficulty for both Republicans and Democrats is that our political system is at a point where more than the normal amount of party growth and development is needed. Both parties are suffering the consequences of seeing substantial parts of their 20th-century agendas adopted; both parties are struggling to fashion new answers to the new challenges of a young century.

But that's not to say that the Reagan legacy is exhausted. Ronald Reagan's legacy was not simply that he was "a campaigner and orator of uncommon skill," as Don Campbell argued last week in USA Today. President Reagan's gifts to the Republican Party were ideas: growing the economy through tax cuts, limiting government's size, forcefully confronting totalitarian threats, making human rights a centerpiece of America's foreign policy, respecting unborn human life, empowering the individual with more freedom. Those ideas endure. They give Republicans a philosophical foundation on which to build. The Reagan coalition has a natural desire to stick together. Fiscal, defense and values conservatives have more in common with each other than with any major element of the Democratic Party's leadership.

Democrats have a similar philosophical storehouse in the ideas of FDR and LBJ. Both expanded the size and scope of the federal government and saw it in almost an entirely positive light: as an agent of economic redistribution from the rich to the less affluent, as a provider to the poor and the disabled and as an enforcer of equal rights and equal justice. The Democratic Party has two challenges. One is that the modern economy has led voters to prefer markets, decentralization and consumer choice far more than centralized control by government and the substitution of "expert" decisions for those of the individual. The other challenge is that many in that party mistake the "Third Way" tactics of the Clinton years for a substantive approach to governing. Triangulation--making yourself look good at the expense of allies and adversaries in both parties--is lousy for providing coherent answers to modern issues.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003166-1357bf68900a179d8a264e7bbb97af41.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004476 00000000000 015045  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Donald Trump doesn't drink alcohol, but that didn't stop the owner of Yuengling beer from endorsing him.

Richard "Dick" Yuengling Jr. threw his support to Trump this week. He even gave Eric Trump a tour of the popular brewery in Pottsville, Pennsylvania. Yuengling Jr. is a billionaire and head of the 187-year-old beer company, which his great-great grandfather founded.

"Our guys are behind your father. We need him in there," Yuengling Jr. told Eric Trump on Monday, according to The Reading Eagle.

The company did not respond to CNNMoney's request for comment.

Reaction on social media has been swift. Eric Trump's tweet from the brewery has over 1,100 retweets, but there's also been backlash. Some Yuengling beer fans have vowed never to take another sip.

Way to go @Yuengling_Beer ! You just alienated me and tons of people who drank you. I will never drink you again. Peace🖕🏻 — Christopher Fafalios (@chrisfafalios) October 27, 2016

"Way to go @Yuengling_Beer! You just alienated me and tons of people who drank you. I will never drink you again. Peace," one fan tweeted.

So far, Yuengling Jr.'s support is verbal only. He isn't listed as a Trump donor. He has mostly given money to the campaigns of Pennsylvania congressmen -- both Republican and Democratic -- over the years, according to OpenSecrets.org. His last presidential donation was to George W. Bush in 2000.

Related: Donald Trump is still ahead on this...

Pennsylvania is a must-win state for Trump. The Republican candidate and his family have visited numerous times in hopes of winning blue-collar workers upset with the disappearance of a third of the state's manufacturing jobs since 2000.

Thank you to Dick Yuengling for an amazing tour of the oldest brewery in the U.S! @Yuengling_Beer #PottsvillePA #MAGA pic.twitter.com/XrGVbbOiI3 — Eric Trump (@EricTrump) October 24, 2016

But Pennsylvania has been called fool's gold for GOP presidential hopefuls. It hasn't voted Republican in a presidential election since 1988. Democrat Hillary Clinton has a solid lead in the polls.

Yuengling Jr.'s life story is somewhat similar to Trump's. He bought the struggling brewery from his father in 1985 and built it up into a half-a-billion-dollar-a-year business, making the lager cheap but fashionable. He's listed as No. 361 on Forbes' list of the 400 richest people in America.                                                                                                                                                                                                  0003319-450348da152e6d0e85b963aa9d910396.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002006 00000000000 014665  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        This publication is available in Web form and also as a PDF document . Please forward any comments to tcc-doc@nmt.edu .

Describes an implementation of a class for representing rational numbers in the Python programming language.

1. Introduction

This document describes a Python module for working with rational numbers. It is intended as an example of a Python class for students new to object-oriented programming.

This publication assumes that the reader has had a general introduction to the construction of Python classes. In particular, you should know that the name of the class's constructor method is always __init__ . Method names such as __init__ , which start and end with two underbar ( _ ) characters are called special methods.

This class makes heavy use of Python special methods to implement the common mathematical operators such as + and - . For example, when you have two instances x and y of some class, using the - (subtract) operator invokes the special method __sub__( x , y ) .

Relevant online files:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003135-4fe2ac7e7b213ae2a7139c646bc8b4c0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003232 00000000000 015224  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Homes, businesses and vehicles were damaged in the clashes

Riot police and army troops have been deployed in southern Sri Lanka following an outbreak of violence between Buddhists and Muslims, and a curfew has been imposed for the second night running.

Nineteen people were arrested when clashes erupted in Galle province, after a traffic accident.

Homes and businesses were attacked and several properties damaged.

Authorities say the sectarian violence has now been brought under control.

"Additional police battalions, the police Special Task Force, the anti-riot squad and the military were called in last night to bring the situation under control," Law and Order Minister Sagala Ratnayaka said in a statement.

He also warned people not to stir up sectarian hatred on social media.

MP Manusha Nanyakkara told the BBC that 10 vehicles were destroyed, the majority of which were owned by Muslims, and 62 homes and businesses were attacked.

He said the 6pm-6am curfew was imposed as a security measure to prevent further violence.

Image caption A damaged motorbike is discarded in the street following the violence

Image caption Several properties in Galle province were vandalised

The outbreak of street violence between majority Sinhalese Buddhists and minority Muslims started after an incident involving a Muslim woman and a motorbike driven by a Buddhist man.

A police spokesman said people were arrested after "spreading false messages and rumours on social media" that contributed to the escalation in violence.

Similar clashes in a nearby area three years ago forced thousands of Muslims to flee their homes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0003071-d1dde8cf6aa0eb5b34416c597aabeead.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001572 00000000000 015610  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Research suggests the majority of women arrested in domestic violence incidents are themselves victims of ongoing abuse from their male partner.

The research, by the anti domestic violence group Shine, analysed the arrests of 60 women in Auckland City between April and September last year.

The report's author, Deborah MacKenzie, says of 35 women who assaulted their male partners, 19 used violence in response to ongoing abuse.

Dual arrests, where both parties are taken into custody, featured in nine out of the 35 cases.

Ms MacKenzie says this indicates the police sometimes have difficulty in identifying who the dangerous person is in the relationship.

She says officers should be trained to identify which party is most at risk.

Ms MacKenzie says in some cases men want to be the first person to call police, knowing they will be treated as the victim rather than the offender.                                                                                                                                      0003013-6e6df9c801001b3515c6a480b0f55be4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005113 00000000000 014775  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        1 people found this review helpful





Customer Review Rated Bad 8 - 8 out of 10

For a well-worn song title ‘Paparazzi’ is certainly a perfect vehicle for the Gee Gee girls; flashing cameras, intrusive attentions and story spins are inevitable when world domination is at stake, and a locale’s paparazzi must be spazzing out to high heaven when the GG girls are in town. Anyway, this new Japanese single for SNSD is an okay dance song, and the video stage setting is elaborately befitting (with some ‘Singing in the Rain’ on the MV version). But this ‘Paparazzi’ (Mi Youn Kan and Lady Gaga did one, too) is really only a moderate dance song with more of that allurement factor going on. Wink wink. The same repetitive 'seduction' merry go round, getting ‘bad publicity’, staging the double dark dance of camera and ‘star’ into a swirl of premeditated social and pop culture media. Yes, the paparazzi are in town, and it’s all vexingly watching the famous girls ‘luring’ the boys into their ‘come up and see me sometime’ world again (via TV camera) for the paparazzi to ‘scandalize’. Why are the girls so bad, the boys so bad? Its only theatre, smoke and mirrors, right? The Modern Tribal Cynical Sophistication Disco Dance, giving the masses their social tonic.



Okay, okay, this is the theatre I’m on about, not exactly SNSD themselves, more their personas and what’s in the lyrics. But ‘Paparazzi’ is another similar slant in modern pop perspectives to take sides on. The ‘bad’ paparazzi who scandal (run devil run? It’s a job isn’t it?), the good girls who might see their mirror image tarnished. But it could be the other way around, the ‘bad girl’ alluring the camera boy or the dance club DJ? That sort of thing; seducing and dividing. Template soft anger pop. But instead of the Jets and the Sharks that are verses, it’s the press and the famous, the VIP and the excluded, good/bad (or whatever). The concept’s okay, what the heck, it’s supposed to be fun. But a new song meaning to the words Girls’ Generation would be welcoming. For SNSD I really would love them to do…something spiritually unifying. “The Boys” album has strong songs and it’s a nice album, but SNSD should do something really different in their pop music now. This limited edition is a landscape packaging with CD/DVD but there’s no inner booklet with mucho photo here. I preferred this cover version, too, to the main edition; the girls look all pensive and moody, a bit 'edgy' maybe, and its alright. I like SNSD I really do, as I like Kara, T-ara and many others. No divisions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0003227-223175c490d902f498c7d440d7f90b1b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002366 00000000000 014672  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        NIH awards $1.8 million to Magnetic Insight for neurovascular MPI Detects magnetic nanoparticle tracers, enable deep-tissue imaging

One in five US rural hospitals are at high risk of shutting down: study Forging partnerships with academic providers may help

Kaiser Permanente School of Medicine to go tuition-free for first 5 years Aiming to reduce impact of debt on graduating students

Asheville Radiology Association joins Strategic Radiology The latest expansion by the imaging coalition brings 43 new physicians to the table

Maybe competition is good for what 'ails' hospitals Mergers may be good for business, but what about patients?

MITA proposes framework for defining 'service' versus 'remanufacturing' Also points to the need for quality management systems to be implemented

Radiologists key in identifying intimate partner violence IPV victims undergo four times more imaging exams than the general population

RI ED physicians subpoenaed over imaging order errors Three scans on wrong side, one on wrong patient

Now hospitals must post prices online, how is that working out? Complex figures and codes, and little insight into out-of-pocket costs

Rosemary Shull AMRA Medical welcomes senior vice president of global business development and marketing                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003231-2a6da421322f8a380ed4b43787095183.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004241 00000000000 014570  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Louisiana Supreme Court has ordered a priest to break the seal of confession, a move his diocese called an “assault” on the Catholic faith.

The court ordered Fr Jeff Bayhi, of Baton Rouge diocese in Louisiana, to tell a hearing whether he advised a young girl during confession to keep quiet about an incident of sexual abuse she said she had suffered.

The ruling by the Louisiana Supreme Court that overturned a lower court’s decision and ordered a hearing on a lawsuit brought by parents of a girl who was allegedly molested by an adult man.

The lawsuit compels Fr Bayhi, who is bound by canon law not to reveal what the girl confessed or what he said to her, to testify whether or not there were confessions "and, if so, what the contents of any such confessions were."

Both the girl and her alleged abuser were members of Fr Bayhi’s church in the town of Clinton.

The petition alleged that on three occasions in 2008 the girl, who was then 12, told Fr Bayhi that a church member had inappropriately touched her, kissed her and told her "he wanted to make love to her."

The child testified during deposition that Fr Bayhi's advice to her was to handle the issue herself because "too many people would be hurt". Court documents also say that she testified, "He just said, this is your problem. Sweep it under the floor."

The girl’s parents claim that the Fr Bayhi was negligent and that the abuse continued after the girl made her confession.

The alleged abuser died in 2009 while undergoing a criminal investigation.

The diocese, which has also been named as a defendant in the lawsuit against the girl’s alleged abuser, vigorously opposed the Supreme Court decision.

In a two-page statement released on Monday it said the Church had “great compassion” for those who have “indicated an experience of such egregious misconduct”.

But it added: “[The court’s decision] assaults the heart of a fundamental doctrine of the Catholic faith,” it said. “For a civil court to inquire as to whether or not a factual situation establishes the Sacrament of Confession is a clear and unfettered violation of the Establishment Clause of the Constitution of the United States.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0003259-1b3e469debb56df6fd6bfbfcc1e59581.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007272 00000000000 015513  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A mother-of-two who escaped with a suspended sentence after seducing a 14-year-old schoolboy has now been sent to prison.



Divorced Karen Ackland, from Deal, bedded the boy - who was 30 years her junior - after a drink-fuelled night out.



But the former sailor, of Cavell Square, has now been jailed for two years after three senior judges at London's Appeal Court upheld a bid by the Attorney General to have her "too soft" sentence increased.

Karen Ackland at Canterbury Crown Court in July, where she admitted three charges of sexual activity with a child. Picture: Mike Gunnill

The 44-year-old admitted three counts of sexual activity with a child at Canterbury Crown Court in July, but avoided jail.

Today, Lord Justice Pitchford said there were "no grounds" for suspending her sentence and branded her original punishment "plainly unduly lenient".

He said Ackland had "pursued" the teenager after drinking with him and others.

The pair had both drunk heavily before she kissed him and offered to perform a sex act on him.

Deal woman Karen Ackland seduced a schoolboy 30 years her junior after a drunken night out. Picture: Mike Gunnill

Later that night, as the boy prepared for his paper round the next day, Ackland stripped off and indulged in sex games with the boy in a bedroom.

But Ackland's illicit tryst was rumbled after the boy's older brother heard moaning noises coming from a bedroom.

During the noisy sex session, Ackland was heard saying: "I can't believe I'm doing this with a 15-year-old" - getting the boy's age wrong.

A court heard Karen Ackland was discovered when the boy’s older brother heard noises coming from a bedroom. Picture: Mike Gunnill

Ackland was later arrested after a child protection officer at the boy's school became aware of the offences, but she initially denied any wrongdoing.

However, Ackland changed her pleas to guilty minutes before her scheduled trial, abandoning claims that nothing happened between the pair.

Judge Simon James handed her a nine-month suspended sentence with an order to pay the court costs and placed her on the sex offenders' register for 10 years.

"This sentence was plainly unduly lenient..." - Lord Justice Pitchford

Lawyers for the Attorney General, today argued that the sentence was far too lenient after the judge underrated the seriousness of Ackland's crimes.

The Attorney General's barrister said the judge characterised the offence as a "drunken escapade" when it was in fact a "persistent course of conduct".

Ackland's barrister, Dominic Webber, said the punishment was entirely correct, arguing that the victim had encouraged her advances.

He said: "The offender has been named and shamed in the red-top press but she was somebody of exemplary character."

The barrister also said the judge had given an indication behind closed doors that, if Ackland pleaded guilty, he might be convinced a custodial term was not necessary.

Lord Justice Pitchford said today: "There should have been no indication that a plea of guilty might be the difference between a custodial sentence and a non-custodial sentence."

The case was heard at Canterbury Court

He accepted that the offence was "out of character" but also underlined the aggravating factors in the case.

Lord Justice Pitchford, sitting with Mr Justice Dingermans and Mr Justice William Davis, said: "This sentence was plainly unduly lenient.

"We shall quash the suspended sentence order and substitute what we regard as the least possible sentence - namely concurrent terms of two years' imprisonment.

"There are no grounds for suspending the sentences, and they will be served immediately."

The appeal judge ordered Ackland to hand herself into Folkestone Police Station by 4pm today to start her sentence.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0003126-9bf27fd8cea400588af4932c8450c028.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004135 00000000000 015031  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The venerable British medical journalhasretracted a 1998 study suggesting a link between autism and childhoodvaccination with the measles -mumps-rubella MMR vaccine .



The Lancet tells WebMD that it has retracted "10 or 15" studies in

its 186-year history. The retraction follows the finding of the U.K.

General Medical Council (GMC) that says study leader Andrew Wakefield, MD, and

two colleagues acted "dishonestly" and "irresponsibly" in conducting their

research.



The Lancet specifically refers to claims made in the paper that the

12 children in the study were consecutive patients that appeared for treatment,

when the GMC found that several had been selected especially for the

study. The paper also claimed that the study was approved by the

appropriate ethics committee, when the GMC found it had not been.

"We fully retract this paper from the published record," The Lancet

editors say in a news release.

The retraction means the study will no longer be considered an official part

of the scientific literature.



BMJ, formerly known as the British Medical Journal, has

competed with The Lancet since 1840. BMJ editor Fiona Godlee says

she welcomes the Lancet retraction.

"This will help to restore faith in this globally important vaccine and in

the integrity of the scientific literature," Godlee says in a news release.

In 2004, 10 of Wakefield's 13 co-authors disavowed the findings of the 1998

study. Although the study never claimed to have definitively proven a

link between the MMR vaccine and autism, sensational media reports ignited a

public panic . MMR vaccinations fell

dramatically.

More rigorous studies have found

no link between autism and the MMR vaccine . Last year, the U.S.

"vaccine court" rejected U.S. lawsuits claiming that there was a plausible

link between the vaccine and autism.

Wakefield continues to proclaim his innocence and defends his earlier work.

He now resides in Texas, where he is executive director of an alternative

medicine center for autism treatment and

research.

By Daniel DeNoon

Reviewed by Louise Chang

©2005-2008 WebMD, LLC. All rights reserved                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003023-948f3432d33d4038d86de0707e70ba55.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005535 00000000000 014670  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The government’s move to link one billion of these numbers to bank accounts and mobiles is fraught with security risks. Studies say that digital security must be beefed up before this happens

Alarm bells have been ringing in the ministry of electronics and information technology (MeitY). This was ever since Union finance minister Arun Jaitley announced on August 28 that the linking of one billion Aadhaar IDs with bank accounts and mobiles is very much on the cards. The minister, speaking at a function to mark the completion of three years of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna, said that the linkage would ensure “financial inclusion” which will be “nothing short of a social revolution”.

Officials in MeitY, are a worried lot. The ministry has been entrusted with the onerous task of ensuring cyberspace security in the country and managing the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In) which deals with hacking and related crimes. More importantly, it is also directly responsible for the functioning of the Unique Identity Authority of India (UIDAI) which operates the Aadhaar database. It will have an important role to play once the linkage referred to by Jaitley covers all Aadhaar cards—virtually the entire adult population in the country.

STOLEN DATA

A MeitY official told India Legal: “The finance minister has talked about a social revolution but we will need a cyber security revolution if the grand plan has to take off without floundering and losing its way. As things stand now, there are too many holes in the security set up which are being exploited by hackers. We have to prepare ourselves for a flood of cyber-related crime once the linkage happens. To make matters worse, no one is clear about the volume of Aadhaar data that has already been stolen or accessed by the wrong people.”

According to him, there are several reports with the ministry which point to the urgent need for a complete overhaul of the cyber security apparatus in the country. This will be a time-consuming process, but he feels it nevertheless needs to be done before any major three-way linkage is even attempted. “A new financial division of CERT-In has been promised. It has to be set up and tested. No system is fool-proof. The basic problem with Aadhaar is that the safety of data was not thought through when it was launched. Much of what is being done is a post facto response,” he added.

MeitY sources also point out that according to official data, 164 government websites were hacked during 2015. There have also been instances where government departments have placed Aadhaar numbers in the public domain. The problem, they say, has several dimensions. And laws alone cannot deter the criminals. Prevention and detection are key aspects in any fight because the cyber-criminal floats in cyberspace and may operate from a foreign land outside India’s jurisdiction.                                                                                                                                                                   0003288-42d027dcb797abf6fba1ea18daaca31f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015464 00000000000 015540  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        He never said any of this, you guys.

1. Donald Trump never said gun advocates should try to stop Hillary Clinton, you guys. Eric Thayer / Reuters

Despite Trump telling a North Carolina rally on August 9 that "Second Amendment people" may be able to stop Hillary Clinton from appointing judges who would rule against gun rights, he says he actually never said that. As the Trump campaign pointed out, it was the "dishonest media" that mischaracterized his remarks about harnessing the "political power" of "Second Amendment people." "There can be no other interpretation," Trump told Fox News. "Even reporters have told me. I mean, give me a break."

2. Donald Trump never said that Russia should hack Hillary Clinton's emails, you guys. Carlo Allegri / Reuters

Despite Trump telling reporters in Florida on July 27 that Russia should try to go into his opponent's emails to try to uncover her "missing" correspondence, Trump says he actually never really said that. "Of course I was being sarcastic," he told Fox News of his earlier request that “Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing. I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press. Let’s see if that happens. That will be next.”

3. Donald Trump never mocked a reporter with a disability, you guys. Randall Hill / Reuters

Despite flailing his arms about, making a claw with his hand, and stammering his speech while he performed an impression in November of a New York Times reporter with arthrogryposis, which limits the functioning of his joints, Trump says he never actually mocked the journalist. “I spend millions a year, or millions of dollars on ramps, and get rid of the stairs and different kinds of elevators all over [in Trump-constructed buildings] and I’m gonna mock? I would never do that,” he said last month. “Number one, I have a good heart. Number two, I’m a smart person.” Besides, despite telling the South Carolina crowd in November "you ought to see this guy," Trump says he has never actually even seen the reporter. “I didn’t know what he looked like. I didn’t know he was disabled. I didn’t know it, I didn’t know it at all. I had no idea. So I started imitating somebody — I didn’t speak to the guy — somebody that was groveling," he said later.

4. Donald Trump never blamed Megyn Kelly's menstrual cycle for her tough debate questions, you guys. Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images/Craig Barritt / Getty Images for Cosmopolitan Magazine and WME Live

Despite Trump telling CNN in August 2015 that Fox News' Megyn Kelly had “blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever" when she asked him tough questions at a GOP debate, Trump says he never actually said she was being forceful because of her menstrual cycle. He was simply referring to blood coming out of her nose, he tweeted shortly after. “I meant her nose or her ears or her mouth,” Trump said in Florida earlier this month. “But these people are perverted and they thought I was talking about somewhere else." This was despite him also telling a Wisconsin television station in March that his remarks about women are mostly in jest, except for his comments about the Fox debate. "I didn’t say that in jest at all. I said that 100% because Megyn Kelly never treated me fairly and everybody knows it," he said.

5. Donald Trump never said that John McCain is not a war hero, you guys. Scott Olson / Getty Images

Despite Trump disparaging Sen. John McCain for being captured by the enemy during the Vietnam War and saying he was "not a war hero," Trump says he actually "never did that." “I came here because you made a comment to John McCain that you don’t think captured soldiers are heroes,” a man, who was introduced as the father of a soldier who was captured and killed in Iraq, asked Trump at an Ohio rally in March. “Oh, no, no, no, I never did that,” Trump responded. “What I want you to do is just clarify that for me,” the man continued, “because I think it’s important for all … the veterans in Ohio [to hear your answer], because I know what you were doing–” “You knew what I was doing, you knew exactly what I was doing,” Trump said, shaking the man’s hand. “They are heroes just so you understand, real heroes, OK? You know that.”

6. Donald Trump never said he supported invading Iraq, you guys. Carlo Allegri / Reuters

Despite Trump explicitly telling radio host Howard Stern in 2002 that he supported the invasion of Iraq, and writing in 2000 that "Iraq remains a threat" because of its supposed nuclear arsenal, and saying in 2003 that the US-led Iraq invasion "looks like a tremendous success from a military standpoint," Trump has said again and again he never actually supported the invasion.

7. Donald Trump never actually supported the intervention in Libya, you guys. Eric Thayer / Reuters

Despite Trump saying in 2011 the US needed to "go in" to Libya "to save these lives," and criticizing the US for "not bringing [soldiers] in to stop this horrible carnage" by Libyan dictator Muammar al-Qaddafi, and saying that "if you don’t get rid of Qaddafi, it’s a major, major black eye for [the US]," he says he was never actually in favor of a Libyan invasion. "I never discussed that subject. I was in favor of Libya? We would be so much better off if Gaddafi were in charge right now," he said in February.

8. Donald Trump never said he supported the toppling of Egypt's Hosni Mubarak, you guys. Eric Thayer / Reuters

Despite Trump telling Fox News in 2011 that it was "a good thing" former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was ousted from power during that country's Arab Spring revolution and implying he was corrupt, the Republican nominee says he never actually supported Mubarak being thrown out of office. “[Obama] supported the ouster of a friendly regime in Egypt that had a longstanding peace treaty with Israel, and then helped bring the Muslim Brotherhood to power in its place,” Trump said in April.

9. Donald Trump never said he has a relationship with Vladimir Putin, you guys. Mindaugas Kulbis / AP

Despite Donald Trump saying in 2013 that he has "a relationship" with Vladimir Putin, and despite him saying in 2014 that the Russian leader sent him a present and that the two had spoken "indirectly and directly," and despite him saying at a 2015 debate that he "got to know [Putin] very well" when they were on 60 Minutes together (albeit from different continents), Trump says he never actually met with Putin. "I have no relationship with him," he told ABC in July. "Just so you understand, he said very nice things about me, but I have no relationship with him. I don't -- I've never met him. … I have no relationship with Putin. I don't think I've ever met him. I never met him."

10. Donald Trump never said he would pay the legal fees of supporters who assault protesters, you guys. Mary Altaffer / AP                                                                                                                                                                                                            0003287-0ecfb7bc16504738628c234890e82a30.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012234 00000000000 014666  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Volatility is all but certain to be the word of the year for the oil industry in 2017, as the uncertainty along all axes—politics, economic growth, supply disruptions, OPEC and non-OPEC quota compliance, and U.S. shale oil production—is probably as great as it has been since 1979 (Iranian Revolution, terrorism in Saudi Arabia, looming war between Iran and Iraq). Yet the price is high and predicted by many to go higher next year. (To many pundits, the optimism about next year’s oil price—and the U.S. stock market—should be taken as a bearish sign.)

Politics: Terrorism remains the headline this week but it’s not clear that it will be any worse than now, that is, the occasional attack on civilian targets in the West and a greater number against a variety of targets in Iraq, Turkey, and Afghanistan. Terrorism in the latter three, sad as they are, have minimal impact on the world economy or the oil market, but the former conceivably could create uncertainty and reduce consumer spending, slowing economic growth. Bearish

Russia emerges from the politic wilderness, sanctions end, improving the country’s economy and perhaps strengthening the ruble, which would be bearish for oil (stronger ruble lowers profits on oil sales in dollars). At the same time, Putin should have no trouble maintaining compliance with the agreed upon production cuts. Mildly bullish.

The Trump factor: While there might not be a trade war or recession due to economic policy uncertainty, as Trump’s intentions appear relatively unrelated to his statements or campaign promises, there is potential that his Administration will trigger or at least enable a recession. The unleashing of ‘animal spirits’ of businesspeople is thought likely to produce an economic/investment boom, combined of course with tax reform/reduction for corporations. Bearish early, bullish later.

Economic growth: Aside from possible Trump moves, economic growth in China, Latin America and Europe remain uncertain. Reforms in Argentina and Mexico are hopeful signs, but China remains an opaque mountain of debt, Europe has numerous trouble spots but shows hints of recovery, the strong dollar assisting their trade balance. Bearish, but with bullish hopes.

Supply disruptions: The level of ‘lost’ supply has dropped recently, especially with the lifting of sanctions against Iran, but Libya, Nigeria and Venezuela all remain very serious question marks. The former two keep threatening to restore shut-in supply, but their oil bark has been worse than their oil bite—to date. Libya could apparently restore a significant amount of supply quickly with resolution of local disputes (and has restored two fields to production in recent days), but Nigeria has a tougher political hill to climb. Bearish.

Venezuela only needs Mel Gibson in a supercharged Ford Falcon with a sawed-off shotgun to become wholly apocalyptic. (Alternatively, President Maduro reminds one of the liberator in Woody Allen’s “Bananas,” whose decrees include ordering the citizens to wear their underwear on the outside, so hygiene can be monitored.) The possibility of either widespread political unrest and/or an oil workers’ strike is growing and could mean at least a modest spike in oil prices, although it is unlikely to be a lasting increase. Bullish.

Initial signs are that OPEC/non-OPEC compliance with promised production cuts is robust, conceivably as much as 2/3s or about 1.2 mb/d. If Brent hits $60 or more, producers should be watched carefully for signs of backsliding, but initial compliance should reduce global inventories slightly. Bullish early, bearish later.

Shale: The supply/demand balance will crucially depend on investment in the U.S. Southwest, mainly the Permian Basin, with the STACK and SCOOP basins not quite ready to soar. However, if the result is that total U.S. production rises sharply, then markets will fear a new glut plus a potential shift by the Saudi government back towards defending market share. Bearish.

A suggested timeline:

First quarter, cold weather and the Trump boom will keep prices up, with WTI between $50 and 60/barrel. If Venezuela ceases production for more than a week or two, add $5-10/barrel, but only while production is shut down.

Going into the 2nd quarter, fears about the global economy rise, with U.S. stock markets in retreat and Trump trying to change U.S. trade policies. At this point, rising U.S. shale production should be growing fast enough to worry traders and foreign oil producers; if Libyan oil remains on an upward trajectory, the perception of a delayed market re-equilabration will grow. Prices dropping below $50 as quarter proceeds.

Third quarter, the combination of OPEC/non-OPEC compliance to production cuts and global economic growth will determine whether prices threaten the $40 level or remain close to $50. Poor compliance, especially from Iraq and Russia, and rapid growth in U.S. shale could move Saudi policy into reverse.

Fourth quarter, “hard to see is the future,” Yoda.

As always, recall my piece explaining how the short-term price is highly uncertain compared to the long-term price, but there seems little chance that volatility will decline.

Save

Save

Save

Save

Save

Save

Save

Save                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0003300-6cac7a9e6bae1f667b3c1bd2f8a6a0aa.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003311 00000000000 015512  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        After the sun sets over Tulane Avenue, shadows emerge under corner streetlights between North Claiborne and South Carrollton avenues. Women in high heels and short skirts flag down passing cars, selling themselves for as little as $50. This is what the avenue has become over the past few decades, a notorious destination for prostitution and drug activity.

It wasn't always this way. In the 1940s and 1950s, this was a bustling thoroughfare popular with tourists who stayed at fashionable hotels that dotted the strip. Construction of the interstate highway in the 1960s and later of high-rise hotels downtown took travelers away. Many Tulane Avenue businesses closed and some hotels deteriorated into seedy flophouses.

But city officials hope Tulane Avenue is on the cusp of a renaissance, led by construction of a $2 billion medical complex expected to create 17,000 well-paying jobs. Some entrepreneurs have started to open businesses along the Mid-City corridor. But some find their livelihoods threatened by the crime that prevail on the avenue. They're caught between Tulane Avenue's seedy present and its promising future, uncertain whether their businesses will survive long enough to see it.

Reporter Richard Webster and photographer Ted Jackson share the stories of those business owners, examine the Tulane Avenue real estate market, and describe a night spent in one of the strip's low-rate motel in "Uneasy Street." Read their full package of stories and photos Saturday afternoon on NOLA.com and Sunday in The Times-Picayune.

Tulane Avenue: Views of 14 Gallery: Tulane Avenue: Views of

Share your memories of Tulane Avenue and your thoughts on whether the new medical district will be the key to turn the area around.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0003302-7b79d0a33e509e3e102a06e03bbe753e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010406 00000000000 015056  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A surprisingly candid op-ed from a high-level Israeli official explains the role the Oslo Accords played in allowing Israel to maintain the occupation.

Dov Weisglass, former Prime Minister Ariel Sharon’s righthand man, recently had another very candid moment. After Before the disengagement from Gaza, Weisglass gave a famous interview to Haaretz in which he was honest about the rationale behind the move: the desire to fill the diplomatic vacuum and secure Israeli control of the West Bank forever.

Last week he went back to Oslo. Weisglass published an interesting op-ed in Ynet in which he explained the value of the 1993 Accords from a right-wing perspective. The agreement, he wrote, allowed Israel to maintain control over the West Bank without bearing responsibility for the Palestinians living there.

Responding to attacks on Shimon Peres by several of Prime Minister Netanyahu’s aides, Weisglass writes:

Today, as a result of the Oslo Accords, the PA, not Israel, is responsible for the daily life of some 3.5 million Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza. Remember, aides: Before “Oslo” Israel was responsible for the daily life of the Palestinians, in accordance with international law. Israel built the infrastructure, supplied electricity and water, and sustained health services, education, transportation, public order, policing and the courts. Israel also paid the salaries of thousands of Palestinian civil administration employees. Where would we be today if the Netanyahu government, which is having difficulties securing the social wellbeing of most of Israel’s citizens, would also have to care for millions of Palestinians as well? It would have been a disaster. A Palestinian once told me that the Oslo deal was “a brilliant Israeli arrangement.” How so? I asked him. “It created the only prison in the world where the prisoners have to provide for themselves, without the management’s participation.” Israel has the authority of the sovereign in the territories – without the obligations. This situation is a direct result of the Oslo Accords.

It should be noted that the Palestinians provide themselves with American and European money, and they also guard themselves. Yet more important than all the above is the role the Palestinian Authority is playing by providing the necessary “adversary” Israel deals with on a public and diplomatic level.

Weisglass rightly points out the fact that Prime Minister Netanyahu could have annulled Oslo on his first term in office, while the Palestinian Authority was still “searching for its way.” Yet he chose not to. What Netanyahu instinctively understood was that Oslo serves the agenda of the right – it creates the illusion of an independent Palestinian regime while maintaining the occupation.

In the last few years, there has been another important development in the way Israel uses Oslo to serve its needs. Under Oslo, the West Bank was temporarily divided into three areas (titled A, B and C). Area C, consisting of 60 percent of the West Bank, is kept under Israel’s full administrative and military control. Naturally, the fate of Area C wasn’t decided in the agreement itself. Yet today, Israeli authorities treat Area C as if it has been annexed to Israel: they prevent Palestinian construction in those areas, expand existing settlements, use natural resources in those areas, and in some cases, even try to push the Palestinian population to areas A and B.

A good example of this practice is taking place in the Susya region, in the South Hebron Hills; you can read more about it here. And here is an excellent infographic on the division of land under the Oslo agreement.

In short, by turning what was supposed to be an intermediate agreement (Oslo was set to expire in 1999) into a permanent situation, Israel was able to secure at least another two decades of Jewish colonization in the West Bank – a period which might have been just long enough to prevent for good the creation of a Palestinian state. I don’t share the view – now common in some leftist circles – that Oslo was intentionally designed to lead to the current state of apartheid, but looking back, one cannot imagine reaching the impasse we are now in without the diplomatic coverage and the legal infrastructure Israel established with the Oslo process.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003324-2faf15f738575cbd6a208c6a9080e259.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003252 00000000000 015030  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Insurance software startup Zenefits has agreed to pay $3.4 million in unpaid overtime to 743 of its account executives and sales representatives in California and Arizona, according to the Department of Labor. Zenefits also agreed to let the DOL monitor its practices to ensure the company does not violate the Fair Labor Standards Act.

This agreement comes after the DOL’s Wage and Hour Division found that Zenefits misclassified the above-mentioned employees as being exempt from minimum wage and overtime. Zenefits, according to the DOL, was wrong to pay those workers a flat salary, regardless of overtime and time spent in training.

“We have put money back in workers’ wallets while also working with Zenefits to ensure future compliance with federal labor law,” Ruben Rosalez, a regional administrator at the DOL Wage and Hour Division, said in a statement. “This case allows us to level the playing field for all of the employers who play by the rules. We are dedicated to protecting both workers and employers.”

Zenefits has had a rough time lately. Earlier this year, Zenefits laid off 45 percent of its workforce, shortly after bringing on board Jay Fulcher as its third CEO. Before all of that happened, Zenefits was fined $7 million for multiple license violations in California and was ordered to stop offering its software for free in the state of Washington.

“We are pleased that after the DOL’s review regarding classification of two jobs at Zenefits, there were no penalties, fines or damages,” Zenefits VP of Communications Jessica Hoffman said in a statement to TechCrunch. “Zenefits fully cooperated with the DOL and we are happy to have this issue behind us.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0003334-30470b581955876b2bcbd85a71657612.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001672 00000000000 014533  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        DAVID GREGORY: Is that how you think about health care reform? As something that ultimately would beat up on California?

GOVERNOR SCHWARZENEGGER: Yes, it is. Right now, it is-- and I just cannot imagine that why we would have-- like I said, you know, for instance, you know-- our Senators and Congressional people, how they would vote for something like that. Where they're representing Nebraska and not us? And-- by the way, as I said in my State of the State, that's the biggest rip-off. I mean that is against the law to buy a vote?

DAVID GREGORY: You're talking about Senator Nelson?

GOVERNOR SCHWARZENEGGER: Senator Nelson. That's like buying a vote. To say, "Hey--"

DAVID GREGORY: The Federal Government will pay for their Medicaid expansion

GOVERNOR SCHWARZENEGGER: "I'm holding out my vote, unless I get some extra kind of benefits here." I mean if you do that in Sacramento, you know, you'll be sued. It is illegal to do that, to buy votes.                                                                      0003267-8448c86db339b0401cd8ec8224412530.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007171 00000000000 014605  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        By , 13





Figure 1: SEM image shows an example of a needle-like tin whisker. (Courtesy of CALCE/University of Maryland)



Tin whiskers is not an imaginative, fanciful term for some aspect of electronics manufacturing. Tin whiskers are real, and they pose a serious problem for electronics of all types. When used as a finish material for electronic components, pure tin can spontaneously grow conductive whiskers. These structures can form electrical paths, affecting the operation of the subject device. This article discusses the problems caused by the removal of lead from electronics and describes some techniques to mitigate tin whiskers.Lead has been banned by the Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS) directive. Although RoHS originated in Europe, its directive now affects virtually every piece of electronics gear manufactured today or planned for the near future. Connectors, passive and active components, switches, and relays now must all be lead-free.Why such a restrictive mandate? The impetus does not originate with electronics and semiconductors (ICs), but with perceived public health. European safety agencies determined that it was necessary to prevent lead from entering landfills because it is a neurotoxin and is known to inhibit hemoglobin production and affect brain development. Children are clearly more at risk than adults. Wonderfully, the removal of lead from paint and gasoline has measurably improved our environment and has been especially beneficial for children. Unfortunately, the switch to alternative solders in order to achieve RoHS compliance has created some challenges for the semiconductor industry, especially tin whiskers.Tin whiskers are not a new phenomenon; in fact, they were first reported in papers written in the 1940s. Tin whiskers are almost invisible to the human eye and are 10 to 100 times thinner than a human hair (see figure 1). They can bridge fairly large distances between electrical device leads, and in so doing, can short out the conductors. They can grow fairly rapidly; incubation can range from days to years.There is no set timetable for when they commence growing.When a whisker grows between two conductors, the whisker usually fuses (disappears), creating a momentary short circuit. In some cases the whisker forms a conductive path, creating false signals at an incorrect location which can, in turn, cause improper operation of the device in question. In very rare cases, rather than disappearing like a fuse link, the whisker can instead form a conductive plasma capable of carrying over 200 A. Whiskers can also break and fall into contact with printed circuit board (PCB) traces and other conductive pieces where they interfere with electrical signals. In optical systems they can disrupt or diminish the transmitted light; in MEMS they can interfere with the intended mechanical function.Whiskers are real and they cause real problems, but they are also random. How big an issue are they really?Pure, tin-plated electronics have become ubiquitous over just the past five years. These electronic systems form the backbone of our communications and financial systems, our manufacturing and transportation systems, and, of course, our power plants (nuclear and conventional). Tin whiskers have created conductive paths and other destruction in unintended places. In 2005, a random full turn-off signal at the U.S. Millstone nuclear plant in Connecticut was attributed to a tin whisker.Because of the potentially dangerous and unpredictable risks of pure tin, it is not presently used in medical devices. Lead is allowed for use in external medical devices until 2014 and for internal medical devices until 2021.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0003236-2252173fd9932122822c1d3bf924bb79.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005114 00000000000 014577  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Iran has slapped a ban on oil and gas exports to the European Union, even though the EU has already forbidden Iranian petrochemicals from entering its territory.

“Despite many requests by EU countries on buying oil and gas from Iran, Iran will not sell any oil and gas to those countries,” Oil Ministry Spokseman Alireza Nikzad Rahbar told the official Mehr news agency.

It is not clear what “requests” Nikzad Rahbar was referring to, as the EU stopped importing crude oil in July last year, and gas under the latest round of sanctions that came into force earlier this month.

It comes as fresh restrictions are being implemented by the EU, preventing Iranian banks from dealing with Europe, unless for humanitarian purposes. The embargoes are aimed at hindering Tehrans nuclear program, which Brussels believes is aimed at developing a nuclear weapon.



Iran’s Central Bank’s assets in the EU have also been frozen and European shipyards cannot construct oil tankers destined for the Islamic Republic.

Nikzad Rahbar said Tehran’s counter-sanctions were a direct response to these “hostile decisions”.

The exact effectiveness and impact of the sanctions on Iran has been disputed, due to sketchy information coming from Tehran’s officials.

The US has estimated that Iran has lost more than $40 billion in revenues as a result of oil import bans gradually imposed over the past year, mostly by Western countries.

Earlier this month, Iranian oil minister Rostam Qasemi also confirmed that oil exports had fallen by 40 percent, which tallies with the US estimate.

At the same time, Nikzad Rahbar insisted to Mehr that the exports hadn’t been “affected much” and that “Iran has signed new contracts with other world oil companies”.

There has also been mounting speculation that Iran is circumventing the EU sanctions by setting up fronts in other countries, particularly neighboring Turkey, and exporting petrochemicals through third parties, though the scope of these transactions is unclear.

Officially, Iran’s GDP contracted by 1 percent last year, while its currency lost 80 percent of its value against the dollar.

Tehran insists that its nuclear program is entirely peaceful, while the US and the EU say Iran is producing ever-greater quantities of enriched uranium, which is a key component of a functioning nuclear weapon.

Latest negotiations between the sides have hinged on Iran accepting a new inspection program from the UN’s nuclear watchdog, the IAEA.

After continually failing to even set a date for possible negotiations, the sides are now likely to meet for talks next month.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0003193-4e2ffa093e356e1e2e58269d83be35b4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001731 00000000000 015117  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        WESTSIDE ADOPTION CENTER: I’m at LexiDog on 6100 SW Macadam Ave. Portland, OR 97239 (503-327-8219). I romp and play all day with the other dogs in doggy daycare so I might be a great fit with your canine family members! Looking for a lap dog? Well, guess what? I’m looking for a lap. I’m easy going, sweet, and I get along with most everyone. No point in you looking any further! I think I’m pretty close to perfect. If you can provide me with daily exercise, routine, and a little bit of training, I think I could be a great match for you. You know what sounds like fun? Taking a Basic Manners class, like the one here at OHS; training and treats, sounds good to me! I’m one of the lucky ones who came from Merced Co. Animal Control to OHS through the Second Chance Program.

The adoption fee includes spay/neuter, microchip ID, collar and OHS I.D. tag, initial vaccines, courtesy veterinarian exam, 30 days free PetPlan health insurance and plenty of post adoption support!                                       0003328-556c852484835560adc94875feed0368.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007660 00000000000 014646  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        With the offseason officially under way, Around The League will examine what's next for all 32 teams. The series continues with the St. Louis Rams.

What's changing?

In the NFL's grittiest division, St. Louis remains on the outside looking in. The offseason ahead presents a good news/bad news scenario: The bad news is a roster pushed up against the salary cap heading into free agency. The good news? That comes in May, when the Rams hold the second, 13th, 44th and 75th picks in the 2014 NFL Draft. Look for St. Louis to wave goodbye to a handful of overpaid veterans to fill holes on a defense now under the control of new coordinator Gregg Williams. On offense, everyone's waiting for Sam Bradford to emerge as the starry franchise passer the Rams drafted him to be. Until that happens, it's hard to predict a power shift in the NFC West.

» OL Rodger Saffold: The Rams don't have a laundry list of high-octane free agents. Saffold sits atop the heap after playing well down the stretch at right guard, where he thrived as a run blocker. With fellow interior lineman Harvey Dahl a likely candidate for release, look for St. Louis to make a play at locking down Saffold without having to use the franchise tag.

» QB Kellen Clemens: He's far from a "must" addition, but Clemens knows Brian Schottenheimer's system and gives the team a serviceable backup. St. Louis leaned on a run-heavy attack during his nine starts, scheming around his weaknesses, but we wouldn't be surprised to see the Rams re-up.

Other key free agents: QB Brady Quinn, OL Chris Williams, LB Jo-Lonn Dunbar, LB Will Witherspoon, S Matt Giordano, S Darian Stewart, OL Shelley Smith

What they need

Likely to part ways with a handful of pricey veteran O-linemen, the Rams could use new bodies up front. But don't expect St. Louis to use a first-round pick to fill the void: coach Jeff Fisher has never used a first-round pick on an offensive lineman in 18 previous drafts. On defense, there's a dearth of talent at safety, a position the Rams might address in free agency if they free up cap room. Cornerback also could use help if Cortland Finnegan departs. While the team has used a horde of past picks on receivers, there's still no legitimate No. 1 wideout on this roster -- Sammy Watkins, anyone?

On the way out?

» CB Cortland Finnegan: Due $6 million in base salary along with a massive $3 million roster bonus, Finnegan is a prime candidate for release on the heels of an injury-marred campaign. We could see St. Louis bringing him back at a fair rate, but they save $4 million by cutting him.

» C Scott Wells: Along with Dahl, look for St. Louis to part ways with Wells. Dahl's release would save $4 million for the Rams, who could gain back another $4.5 million by parting with Wells. One or both of these linemen won't be back.

» LB Jo-Lonn Dunbar: While defensive lineman Kendall Langford's release could save the team $4 million, he offers more on the field than Dunbar. Coming off a campaign that includes a four-game suspension for violating the NFL's performance-enhancing drug policy, the linebacker is no lock to re-sign with the club.

Offseason crystal ball

"It's a nice piece of real estate," Les Snead said of the team's four picks in the top 75 slots in May's draft. The GM's high-octane swap with the Redskins two offseasons ago is the gift that keeps on giving for the Rams. Cap issues might prevent St. Louis from adding talent through free agency, but the front office has an opportunity to energize both sides with rookie additions.

That doesn't answer the long-term question haunting this franchise: Is Bradford the answer under center? "Sam's our starting QB," Snead said last month, continuing a theme of unwavering support from the organization. But coming off a torn ACL, the hyper-pricey starter is under pressure to deliver. If he doesn't, next offseason could be one of great change in St. Louis.

The " Around The League Podcast" is now available on iTunes! Click here to listen and subscribe.                                                                                0003338-968b2de8bbfcd35a4c878f3b3cbc0aa3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001512 00000000000 015461  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Posted in: Android, Mobile phones, Mobile software

CyanogenMod 11 Nightly builds are now available for the Sony Xperia Z1 Compact. This is the first CyanogenMod treatment the Xperia Z1 Compact is getting since its launch earlier this year.

CyanogenMod 11 is based on the latest Android 4.4.2 KitKat version. The custom ROM weighs about 250MB and you can have it right now.

Before jumping in, you should consider the “nightly” nature of the available ROMs though. This means there will be some bugs or features not working properly, but those will be fixed within the upcoming “stable” release.

Finally, if your Xperia Z1 Compact doesn’t come with unlocked bootloader or you don’t know your way around custom ROMs, I strongly advice you not to proceed because you may end up bricking your device.

Source (download links) | Via                                                                                                                                                                                      0003349-f2bf6a261a552e744bac1554ac139272.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003612 00000000000 015011  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As we add more connected devices to our homes, it seems like we’re increasingly at risk of being hacked through our doorbells and thermostats. You can now add smart TVs to the list of vulnerable devices – only this time around, turning off your internet connection won’t save you.

Security consultant Rafael Scheel demonstrated an attack on a couple of Samsung smart TVs, in which he was able to gain root access to them. He told Ars Technica that this sort of breach would allow hackers to do things like “attack further devices in the home network or to spy on the user with the TV’s camera and microphone.”

Scheel, who developed this method for Swiss security consulting company Oneconsult, explained that he used a cheap transmitter to embed malicious commands into a Digital Video Broadcasting – Terrestrial (DVB-T) signal.

Most TVs are tuned to DVB-T stations, and the transmission standard contains a vulnerability that Scheel was able to exploit in order to target known security flaws in the Web browsers that the smart TVs run in the background to enable access to online content.

That’s scary because such attacks can target several TVs at once, without the need to physically tamper with them. And while it sounds like all that’s needed is a firmware update, manufacturers aren’t always quick to patch the devices they sell in a timely manner.

However, you may not have to worry about having your TV taken over just yet. Engadget notes that only certain countries use DVB-T, and a smaller subset continue to support the hybrid broadcast broadband TV format needed to execute this exploit.

Plus, you’ll not only have be connected to the Web, but also have a DVB-T channel locked in. As such, most folks in North America who are tuned into ATSC channels won’t be affected. That’s a relief… right?

Read next: You can now kinda-sorta try Samsung's Bixby assistant on older Samsung phones                                                                                                                      0003240-779aa823640cf7a0aa9e79e47f120813.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000034126 00000000000 014747  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        DIGG THIS

Angelo Mozilo is the Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of the failed Countrywide Financial Corporation. Mr. Mozilo co-founded this company, nearly 40 years ago, in 1969. To be in business for almost forty years, and to become America’s top private home-mortgage lender, are testimonies to genuine business acumen. However, success can breed arrogance, and a sense of supreme power, to the point where a corporate chieftain believes his personal will can override the free market and reshape society according to a grand vision — which, for Angelo Mozilo, entailed making America a better country by bringing home ownership within reach of all and sundry. For Countrywide Financial, unfortunately, Mr. Mozilo’s dream of social engineering demanded that sound credit-underwriting principles be abandoned. And now, Countrywide Financial Corporation’s failure stands as a monument as to how integrating egalitarianism and political correctness, into a business plan, is downright poisonous.

February 4, 2003 marks the day when Countrywide Financial’s shareholders should have dumped every last share of their stock. For on this day Angelo Mozilo made a presentation, at The Joint Center for Housing Studies of Harvard University, titled The American Dream of Homeownership: From Cliché to Mission. This is the day that Mr. Mozilo revealed to the world that political correctness had infected his mind. He openly declared that sound credit underwriting was tantamount to judgmentalism and, therefore, anti-egalitarian. How dare anyone judge anyone else — credit standards be damned. Subprime mortgages, accordingly, were going to be a blessing for America since everyone deserves a house. Oh how political correctness feels so good. He worshiped the mortgage socialism hatched in the New Deal along with every federal-housing program introduced in the succeeding decades. A true credit professional would have been horrified by this speech; which indubitably was met with approving applause by the pseudo-intellectual, limousine liberals populating Harvard University. February 4, 2003 is the day Countrywide Financial’s Board of Directors should have fired Mr. Mozilo.

Over the years, Angelo Mozilo has been handsomely rewarded by Uncle Sam’s mortgage socialism. Here’s how it works. Countrywide Financial makes a conforming home loan, sells it to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac (both are government sponsored enterprises), and has its coffers replenished in doing so; hence, allowing Countrywide to keep churning out loans. Countrywide, in turn, remains the mortgage servicer on each loan and earns a fee for doing so. These fees most certainly add up when you are servicing $1.5 trillion in home loans (not all of which are Fannie and Freddie loans). Needless to say, Countrywide had other sources of revenues but mortgage servicing was top-shelf when it came to profitability.

Thus, it is no wonder why Mr. Mozilo waxed fondly, in his Harvard speech, regarding America’s foray into mortgage socialism. After all, it made him very wealthy. Here is an excerpt:

Our Nation took another important step in 1938 — in fact, 65 years ago this week — when Fannie Mae was created to buy those FHA loans, and as a result, the secondary mortgage market was born. We took a few more giant steps in the 1940s with the G.I. Bill in 1944 and the Housing Act of 1949, which stated the goal of "a decent home and a suitable living environment for every American family." We witnessed the Fair Housing Act in the 60s, the creation of Freddie Mac in 1970, the expansion of Fannie Mae’s activities, the Community Reinvestment Act in the 70s, the introduction of adjustable-rate mortgages in the 80s, and more recently, the National Affordable Housing Act of 1990.

We have traveled so far — thanks to a mortgage-finance system that remains the envy of the world; thanks to a constant stream of creative and innovative mortgage products, and efforts directed at encouraging the offering of loans to those who have been previously shut out; and simply put, thanks to housing being an enduring public policy objective and the lasting commitment to that objective symbolized by our partnership.

We have transformed from a Nation of renters to a Nation of homeowners. The overall U.S. homeownership rate, which was at 44 percent in 1940, hit 68 percent by the end of the third quarter of 2002.

One can only imagine Mr. Mozilo’s broad smile as he delivered these words. Between his compensation and stock sales, Angelo has made hundreds of millions of dollars. Socialism certainly can be beneficial for an elite few.

Do you remember President George W. Bush’s initiatives to increase homeownership in the United States? His administration definitely played a role in creating America’s housing bubble. When speaking about housing assistance, President Bush evoked the emotion of envy and declared that the U.S. had a "homeownership gap." Angelo Mozilo, being a kingpin of political correctness, couldn’t resist playing the envy-card to an approving Harvard audience. He stated:

It started with the New Deal, and now, we’re in a new century. But through it all, one thing has remained, more or less, constant. This constant is our challenge. And this challenge is to increase the access to affordable housing. And in order to do this, we must close the homeownership gap that still exists.

As President Bush said last October:

"Two thirds of all Americans own their homes, yet we have a problem here in America because fewer than half of the Hispanics and half of the African Americans own their home. That’s a homeownership gap. It’s a gap that we’ve got to work together to close for the good of our Country, for the sake of a more hopeful future. We’ve got to work to knock down the barriers…"

While the number of minority homeowners has advanced recently, climbing from 9.5 million in 1994 to 13.3 million in 2001 — an increase of 40 percent — the fact remains that it is still not at a level equal to that of white homeownership. And as President Bush pointed out, the homeownership rate for African Americans is 47 percent and for Hispanic Americans it is 48 percent, a stark contrast to the homeownership rate of 75 percent for white American households. That means there is currently a homeownership gap of over 25 points when comparing white households with African Americans and Hispanics. My friends, that gap is obviously far too wide. It has been far too wide for far too long. And when adding new factors into the equation — like an influx of new immigrants or continued reduction in the supply of affordable housing — it has the potential to become far worse.

Credit underwriting has nothing to do with race, creed, skin color, gender, or religion. Sound credit underwriting has everything to do with the "Five Cs" of credit — i.e., character, capacity, capital, collateral, and conditions. Under pure capitalism, a credit underwriter is not concerned about making people happy by lending money regardless of a person’s creditworthiness. An underwriter’s primary objective is to make profitable loans and this demands nothing less than effectively assessing risk on a case-by-case basis. This, undeniably, requires underwriters to exercise learned judgment. Ah, but to say this in the cradle of political correctness (Harvard) would have been met with resounding "boos."

To be sure, Mr. Mozilo did not disappoint his fellow limousine liberals. He goes on the attack and smears credit underwriters as being judgmental — the antithesis of political correctness. Considering that Countrywide had become the largest private mortgage lender in the U.S., the following words depict a man who had taken leave of his senses:

I have two issues with our industry’s current underwriting methodology. The first is that the automated underwriting systems kick far too many applicants down to the manual underwriting process, thereby implying these borrowers are not creditworthy; and the second issue is that once arriving in the hands of a manual underwriter, the applicant is subject to basic human judgment that can be influenced by the level of a borrower’s credit score.

Let’s address my first issue. I acknowledge that credit scoring uses proven statistical methods to provide lenders with the ability to quantify the risk of extending credit. And there is little question that the technique effectively and efficiently separates those with very good credit from those with questionable credit.

However, far too many borrowers are being referred to an arduous manual and cumbersome underwriting process. To me, that is clear proof that the level deemed to be an acceptable risk by our automated underwriting systems is much too high. While many of these borrowers may ultimately be approved, it is because the manual process, or human underwriter, has analyzed non-traditional factors such as the borrower’s rent and utility payment history, which should be imbedded in the automated underwriting process.

Now, let me address my second issue, and that is the manual underwriting process itself. While Countrywide’s own internal evidence supports the notion that manual underwriters are approving a good majority of the loan applications that get referred, the fact of the matter remains that a human is involved in this step of the process thereby creating the possibility that a decision is made based upon the level of the borrower’s FICO score.

Thus, the current protocol intentionally creates an environment where borrowers with lower FICO scores are subject to being disproportionately affected by the manual underwriting process. I say we need to amend these systems to do more than just approve the "cream of the crop," by creating a system that says "no" only to those deemed unwilling to make their mortgage payments.

We must understand that the credit scoring system we have built is still imperfect, and that if we are to have any chance at closing the homeownership gap, we must make a serious investment in improving its capacity and capabilities. We must do this through improved automated underwriting models that take into account more variables, and measure true indicators of risk and willingness to pay. We need an ongoing educational process, not only at the primary market level, but also in the secondary markets and with mortgage insurers to help lead this effort to recalibrate the scoring system. And finally, it must be recognized that borrowers with credit scores below what is currently defined as "creditworthy" levels can still be acceptable credit risks. Thus, the credit score bar dividing creditworthy from high-risk borrowers, must be substantially lowered by the GSEs, the secondary market in general, and with bank regulators. The GSEs have made good progress over the last few years in expanding their credit criteria, but I encourage them to become much more aggressive in this regard.

What Angelo Mozilo desires to accomplish is to replace human underwriters with computers. He never mentions the Five Cs of credit because sound credit underwriting requires human judgment; which can be aided with, yet never replaced by, technology. In Mr. Mozilo’s daffy world of credit progressivism, he may as well distill the mortgage application down to a one-page document containing a single question: Are you willing to make your mortgage payment? If the answer is "yes" then the loan is approved and if the answer is "no" then it is declined. Under such circumstances, a computer would work perfectly.

As I have asserted before, political correctness is an enfeebling infection of the mind. Mr. Mozilo’s vision of politically-correct, and "enlightened," credit underwriting was nothing short of daffy. Yet, one can only imagine how approvingly this pabulum was met by his Harvard chums.

Angelo Mozilo had no intention of disappointing his fellow travelers. There was hope as to closing the homeownership gap. It was something called the subprime mortgage. In his bizarre mind, the more subprime mortgage originations there were, the better off America would be. To wit:

Historically low interest rates along with new, creative and flexible underwriting techniques are continuing to fuel a record period of growth for our industry. According to the Federal Reserve, the amount of overall mortgage debt outstanding is nearly $6 trillion. And, increasingly, the sub-prime market is boosting that number and the industry as a whole. During the first nine months of 2002, sub-prime originations rose an estimated 26 percent over the same period in 2001 — outpacing the overall market.

Had Mr. Mozilo delivered this speech today, he would have immediately been fitted into a straightjacket and then driven to the nearest loony bin.

Countrywide Financial and many other financial institutions ended up throwing all credit standards out the window in order to package and sell as many subprime mortgage-backed securities as possible. To be sure, many did not do so sharing Mozilo’s politically-correct and egalitarian hallucination — they just wanted to make a fast buck.

An important distinction to convey here pertains to the fact that Countrywide and others were not selling all of their loans to Freddie and Fannie. The aforementioned mortgage-backed securities were purely packaged and sold under private labels. When America’s housing bubble was expanding, buyers of such subprime securities obviously felt there was no downside. Such are the delusions that materialize when central bankers flood the world with the opiates of easy money and credit.

Regrettably, by completely ignoring underwriting fundamentals, Countrywide and its ilk have set up so many borrowers for failure (as have the king and queen of mortgage socialism, Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae; both of whom, by the way, may be on the brink of their own financial meltdowns). The pain and anguish of losing a home, and having one’s family displaced, will be visited upon countless families. Of course, such borrowers must look in the mirror when the urge, to pass around the blame, emerges. Nonetheless, Angelo Mozilo’s dream has transmuted into a nightmare for millions.

My, oh my, aren’t political correctness, egalitarianism, and social engineering wonderful? You be the judge.

The Best of Eric Englund                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003335-e017bde958a811b6d67a0fc194eb6ac8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005542 00000000000 015251  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        'Science Guy' Bill Nye discusses climate change in a video posted earlier this month by National Geographic.

Creationist Ken Ham launched another attack against Planetary Society CEO Bill Nye on Sunday after Nye released a short video explaining key things to remember about climate change, the Friendly Atheist reported.

“We don’t need to be concerned about drastic climate change,” Ham wrote on his blog. “Our climate, and the checks and balances that keep it operating within safe parameters, were designed by an all-wise Creator.”

In the video, released by National Geographic earlier this month, Nye identified five key points for viewers to remember about global warming, listed below in his words:

“The atmosphere is thin. Barely 60 miles, 100 kilometers, in outer space.”

“There’s 7.3 billion people breathing and burning.”

“All this heat energy in the atmosphere is changing things. It’s not just getting warmer, it’s changing.”

“This warmth is making the ocean get bigger. When the ocean rises [by a few inches], this whole area will be under water, and not just this area, that area, that’s Miami.”

“But the main, main, thing, everybody, is the speed, it’s the rate at which things are changing. Oh yes, the world was once warmer, there was once more carbon dioxide in the atmosphere than there is today, but all of this never happened this fast. And that’s what you gotta get your heads around.”

Ham, who debated the “Science Guy” last year, tried to dismiss Nye’s first point by claiming that the world was already the “perfect size” for its type of atmosphere.

“We certainly need to make sure we don’t fill our atmosphere with pollutants or punch holes in the ozone layer,” Ham wrote. “But we also need to remember that our atmosphere was carefully put in place by our Creator. God knew exactly what kind of atmosphere we needed and He gave us that atmosphere.”

He also said it was “inconsistent” of Nye to express concern for residents in coastal areas like Miami after raising the point about the Earth’s population.





“Does he realize that, from his atheistic perspective, man is just an evolved animal and, in being consistent with an evolutionary ‘survival of the fittest’ worldview, population alarmists could suggest mass killings or forced sterilizations as possible solutions in reducing the population?” Ham argued. “I’m sure he would be aghast at such suggestions — but then on what basis does he anchor his morality and determine what is ultimately right and wrong in this world? It comes down to one’s worldview. What solutions are there in Nye’s game of ‘blame man and his increasing population’?”

Last month, Ham accused Nye of attacking the Bible itself after Nye argued that opposition to abortion was based on “bad science.”

Watch Nye’s video, as posted online, below.                                                                                                                                                              0003346-ace5db8097b0805643421e1383864ac2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004766 00000000000 014672  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        New Kids on the Block Genre Animation Developed by Kayte Kuch

Sheryl Scarborough Country of origin USA Original language(s) English No. of seasons 1 No. of episodes 15 Production Executive producer(s) Andy Heyward

Dick Scott Running time 22 minutes Release Original network ABC Original release September 8 –

December 14, 1990

New Kids on the Block is an animated television series featuring the adventures of the New Kids on the Block. The series lasted a season from 1990 on ABC. Beginning the following year, it aired in reruns from October 12, 1991[1] to 1993 on The Disney Channel.[2][3]

Though the group appeared in live action clips, their voices were done by other voice actors, due to licensing reasons.[citation needed] "You Got It (The Right Stuff)" was the opening theme, while an instrumental version of "Step by Step" was the closing theme.

Plot [ edit ]

The series focuses on the group's misadventures along with their managers, who are based on their real-life one Maurice Starr.

Episodes [ edit ]

"The New Kid In the Class" (September 8, 1990) "Sheik of My Dreams" (September 15, 1990) "In Step... Out of Time!" (September 22, 1990) "Cowa-BONK-a" (September 29, 1990) "Kissed, Missed 'n Double Dis't" "Dis't Dream Date" "Hot Dog!" "Overnight Success" "The Legend of the Sandman" (November 19, 1990) "Homeboys On the Range" "New Heroes On The Block" "The New Kids on The Old Block" "The New Kids Off The Wall" "Rewind Time" "Christmas Special" (December 14, 1990) (This episode aired on prime time, not Saturday morning.)

Principal cast [ edit ]

Crew [ edit ]

Susan Blu - Voice Director

VHS releases [ edit ]

Year Title Production details Notes Certifications 1990 The New Kid In The Class Released: November 6, 1990

Label: Sony Music

Format: VHS Includes "The New Kid In The Class" episode. RIAA: 2× Platinum[4] 1990 Sheik of My Dreams Released: November 6, 1990

Label: Sony Music

Format: VHS Includes the "Sheik of My Dreams" episode. RIAA: 2× Platinum[4] 1990 In Step...Out of Time Released: November 6, 1990

Label: Sony Music

Format: VHS Includes the "In Step...Out of Time" episode. RIAA: 2× Platinum[4] 1990 Kissed, Missed and Double D'ist Released: 1990

Label: Sony Music

Format: VHS Includes the "Kissed, Missed and Double D'ist" episode. 1990 Overnight Success Released: 1990

Label: Sony Music

Format: VHS Includes the "Overnight Success" episode. 1990 New Heroes On The Block Released: 1990

Label: Sony Music

Format: VHS Includes the "New Heroes On The Block" episode.

References [ edit ]



          0003029-33ceaf7072e09a06c39ee0d43a1dc870.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012020 00000000000 015141  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Dutch and Canadian technology could be key to managing UK pigs more effectively, including the use of sound to sense the early signs of disease.

Technology that detects how pigs are feeling will be used on farms within years to help producers find ways to manage them more effectively, according to a leading scientist.

Precision farming tools will measure the mental state of individual animals, allowing farmers to make decisions about rearing pigs, from the way they are housed to the feed they are given.

Daniel Berkmanns, professor in bioengineering at KU Leuven in Belgium, says real-time monitoring of pigs’ actions, movements and interactions could help improve the health, welfare and performance of herds.

See also: Farmer Focus: Pig performance improves just in time for hog roasts

“I am convinced we will see the mental state of animals being monitored on a commercial basis in the next few years,” he says.

“Pigs are intelligent animals and we should use their intelligence. If you put animals in a pen they will behave like stupid animals, but if we recognise that they are individuals with different needs and responses, we can react accordingly.

“It will enable us to make things more interesting for them and us, and potentially result in better outcomes.”

Prof Berkmanns says the technology is almost ready to be introduced into broiler units, and it is only a matter of time before it could be used on pig farms.

“The technology is just at the beginning,” he adds. “Continuous, real-time monitoring through image analysis, sound analysis and sensors could have a huge array of uses such as monitoring health and welfare.”

Prof Berkmanns says researchers at the University of Ghent have devised a system to analyse the sounds pigs make to detect illness.

“Most disease in pigs is respiratory. With some diseases you can detect signs just three hours after infection,” he says.

“The system detects a sick cough and sends an SMS message to the farmer, who can go out and decide if they need to call a vet. This kind of system reduces the use of antibiotics on farm.”

Another system being tested involves monitoring pigs’ drinking behaviour.

“We can create models to estimate water use to within 92% or 200ml over 13 days,” Prof Berkmanns says. If water use drops, farmers are alerted and inspect what is happening on the unit.

“This technology doesn’t mean that farmers will be replaced by the technology,” he adds. “It has to be part of the management system.

“The idea with monitoring is that daily checks are taken over by the technology and the farmer enters to solve the problem, not find it.

“It doesn’t have a value if it is just interesting technology, it has to be able to help the farmer make improvements.”

Tailored diets could cut feed costs

Feeding pigs diets tailored to their individual daily needs can slash feed costs and ensure the sustainability of the UK pig industry, say scientists.

Using precision farming technology to ensure pigs are only provided with the nutrients they need can result in feed costs being cut by as much as 10%, research at the Department of Agriculture and Agri-Food in Canada found.

While traditional three-phase feeding aims to maximise growth by ensuring the top-performing animals have the nutrients they require, it does not take into account that every pig’s nutritional needs are different on different days, says the department’s Candido Pomar.

Often pigs are overfed nutrients, which are excreted in faeces and urine, creating a waste of feed and a negative effect on the environment, he says.

Instead, investing in technology that will allow pigs to receive formulations based on their real-time needs will vastly improve efficiency.

“Precision technologies help get the right amount of feed to the right pig at the right time,” says Dr Pomar. “It is a total shift in pig nutrition. Instead of basing their nutritional requirements on estimations collected from data, feeding with technology depends on an individual animal’s health, genetics and nutritional status, as well as external factors such as stress and management systems.”

In experiments run by Dr Pomar and his team, 60 pigs were fed diets with varying amounts of lysine from automatic feeders.

Each pig was tagged and identified by the feeder and given a serving of 15-25g of feed. The pigs could return to the feeder as many times as they liked.

During the experiment, the pigs visited the feeder up to 110 times a day, but the overall amount of feed they consumed was 8-10% lower than traditional three-phase feeding.

Further trials discovered that typical lysine use could be reduced by as much as 27% without having any effect on growth performance, resulting in a 50% reduction in nitrogen excretion, Dr Pomar says.

“Precision farming is an effective approach to improving efficiency, reducing nutrient excretion and reducing costs,” he adds.

Sound sensors could detect some diseases within three hours of infection and alert farmers by text.

More from from the Bpex Pig Innovation Conference 2014                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0003283-0dc4891f4776ee5e584e682599d423d1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001571 00000000000 014724  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        University of Minnesota police arrested a student Thursday for allegedly vandalizing a public area of a residence hall with anti-Semitic graffiti.

The 18-year-old student from St. Cloud faces a charge of criminal damage to property, according to a police report, and university officials called the case a bias crime. The student allegedly drew a swastika on a desk in a public part of the 17th Avenue Residence Hall, where he lives.

The incident reported to police on Feb. 7 is one of seven cases of anti-Semitic graffiti or propaganda reported to the university’s Bias Response and Referral Network since the beginning of December.

Thursday’s arrest occurred a week after another student found a swastika and a picture of a concentration camp drawn on a white board inside his room.

“The University of Minnesota condemns all acts of hate on our campus,” a news release noted.                                                                                                                                       0003230-812a4139fb19713615f185dc79a81aa4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006001 00000000000 014650  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        DUBAI (Reuters) - Saudi authorities rounded up thousands of illegal foreign workers at the start of a nationwide crackdown ultimately aimed at creating more jobs for locals, media reported on Tuesday.

Hundreds of thousands of workers have already left the kingdom following a grace period of seven months during which authorities told expatriates that if they did not fix their legal status they had to leave the country or face jail.

The government hopes that reducing the number of illegal workers will create opportunities for Saudi job-seekers. The official Saudi unemployment rate is 12 percent but excludes a large number of citizens who say they are not seeking a job.

However, the majority of the kingdom's nine million foreigners are unskilled laborers or domestic workers, jobs usually shunned by Saudis.

"Since early (Monday) morning, the security campaign got off to a vigorous start as inspectors swung into action," Nawaf al-Bouq, a police spokesman, told Saudi Gazette newspaper.

Police carried out raids on businesses, markets and residential areas to catch expatriates whose visas are invalid because they are not working for the company that 'sponsored' their entry into the kingdom.

For a second day on Tuesday parts of the capital Riyadh were unusually empty as many expatriates stayed at home to avoid potential arrest.

CHALLENGE

Raising private sector employment in a country where most Saudis are in government jobs and where businesses employ more foreigners than locals is a major challenge for the kingdom.

Bouq told the paper that at least 1,899 illegal workers had been arrested in the Red Sea port city of Jeddah.

The paper also said police had arrested at least 2,200 people in the southwestern city of Samta, 379 in the Eastern Province and hundreds of others in other cities.

In Jeddah, dozens of Indonesian workers, mostly women, staged a sit-in to pressure the authorities to hasten their deportation, according to Arab News newspaper.

Many workers cannot leave the country because they lack official papers, including passports, the paper said.

The remittances sent home by expatriates in Saudi Arabia are often vital for their own nations, which include Yemen, Ethiopia, the Philippines, Indonesia, India, Pakistan and Egypt.

Saudi Arabia's mass expulsion of Yemeni workers in 1990 in retaliation for Sanaa's support of Iraq after it invaded Kuwait contributed to an economic collapse that accelerated the impoverished Arab country's 1994 civil war.

For decades, Saudi authorities ignored irregularities such as working for firms that had not sponsored their visas or in trades other than those listed on their immigration documents.

That spurred a black market in which foreigners overstayed visas, set up illegal businesses or took low-paid jobs in areas where authorities wanted Saudi workers hired on higher salaries.

This thwarted implementation of wide-ranging labor reforms to penalize companies for hiring more foreigners than locals.

(Reporting by Mahmoud Habboush, Editing by William Maclean and Gareth Jones)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0003350-553e33c8402f3017759863612c673dc4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003750 00000000000 014451  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Fare scofflaws, consider yourself fairly warned.

The Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority’s commuter rail provider plans to install fare gates at North, South, and Back Bay stations next winter, a proposal designed to cut down on ticket evasion.

Keolis Commuter Services would kick in an estimated $10 million for construction costs, as well as $7 million in yearly operating expenses, to cut down on fare evasion that costs the MBTA as much as $35 million a year. Riders have complained for years about commuters who get free rides because conductors fail to check tickets consistently.

Advertisement

The plan would also allow Keolis to collect a portion of MBTA fare revenue. The company currently receives none, giving it little incentive to boost ridership or collect fares, MBTA officials say.

Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here

Under a proposal presented Monday, Keolis would receive about $9 million in fares collected over a certain threshold, which has yet to be determined. The MBTA would receive the $1 million collected after that, and additional revenue would be divided evenly.

The proposal “evolves the contract and brings us closer together,” said David Scorey, Keolis’s general manager. “And it does give us the opportunity to share in the extra revenue that’s generated.”

That would let Keolis spend more on marketing, staffing the gates, and better equipment to check tickets on board.

“We think this can increase ridership,” said Evan Rowe, the MBTA’s director of revenue.

Advertisement

In 2014, Keolis won an eight-year contract with a low bid that helped lead to millions in losses. Last year, the MBTA’s board approved paying the French rail giant millions more each year to add more coaches and improve maintenance.

Nicole Dungca can be reached at nicole.dungca@globe.com . Follow her on Twitter @ndungca                        0003204-b31c7e943e417cedd6461bffed43bb32.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005663 00000000000 015323  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Despite the fact that Jeb Bush represents a virtual royal dynasty with vast connections among the moneyed elite, he’s only raised a little over half of what his campaign needs at this point – and most of that has been spent. Currently, his campaign staff has seen their paychecks reduced (top campaign chiefs saw their pay shaved by $75,000). Reportedly, they’re eating at downscale diners and staying at economy lodging facilities as well. According to a report at RedState.com, Jeb Bush has even started flying commercial. One insider quipped, “The high life has ended.”

Of the top GOP contenders (not counting Trump), Jeb has the least amount of cash on hand, coming in fourth behind his former protégé and current rival Marco Rubio. Since announcing his candidacy last summer, he’s raised $13.4 million. Most of that was raised in the first sixteen days, and $11.5 million of it has been spent. Jeb Bush’s campaign must still contend with a $1.7 million payroll for this quarter as well as $2 million for consulting, fundraising and legal counsel.

So much for “shock and awe.” Jeb Bush apparently thought that he could intimidate his rivals by raising so much in such a short time. He also believed he could run on his family name and connections. Now, the Republican’s former “Golden Boy” might have to roll up his sleeves and actually go to work if he has any chance of securing the GOP nomination. Even that is looking unlikely. His poll numbers are averaging around 7 percent nationwide. The news is not much better in New Hampshire, a state political analysts believe he must win. Despite a $4.8 million “ad blitz” courtesy of his Super PAC Right to Rise, Jeb’s numbers slid from 9 to 8.7 percent in the Granite State. At the same time, big GOP donors, increasingly nervous about Bush’s chances, are starting to look more favorably at Rubio, despite the fact that his numbers are only slightly better.

In short: Jeb Bush’s star is falling from the status of leading man to that of bit-players like John Kasich, Rand Paul and Chris Christie. However, his dismal fundraising record is really the symptom of a deeper problem afflicting the entire field of Establishment, “mainstream” GOP candidates. They’re having a problem attracting campaign donations compared to the “outsiders” like Fiorina and Carson. Even Trump, whose campaign is largely self-funded, is picking up outside donors.

Furthermore, GOP candidates across the board are trailing Democrats in terms of individual contributions. While those big-money billionaire donors are happy to back easily bought-and-paid for GOP candidates, the power of those big donations pale in compared to those from hundreds of thousands of small donors supporting Bernie Sanders, Hillary Clinton and others.

It says something about average people driven by passion as opposed to oligarchs motivated by greed and lust for power and control.

Watch our commentary on Jeb’s faltering campaign:                                                                             0003248-414c30ecad753149741c00bd3e60d757.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000021066 00000000000 014733  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Apple will update its smartphone and tablet lines later this year, not only with the likely introductions of the iPhone 6S and iPad Air 3, but with iOS 9, a new software update set to transform existing iDevices.

Introducing a number of new features, functions and services, the software patch will offer a variety of enhancements, from an improved Siri experience, to battery life benefits and revamped multitasking options. Set to be rolled out in a matter of months, iOS 9 will revitalise iPhone and iPad ownership for millions of users. Here's what you need to know.

What's new in iOS 9?

Unlike in recent years, the iOS 9 update is more about adding new features than a new look and feel. The Apple Watch maker has claimed the update will "elevate the foundations of the platform", addressing everything from search and maps to in-car options and Android migration.

Many of the new iOS 9 features are about bringing the platform into closer competition with Google and its Android OS. This is no more true than with Apple's reworked search offering. Populating your screen with contacts, apps, news feeds and nearby services, Apple wants to give you instant access to the most relevant data possible.

Taking things to the next level, it doesn't want you having to search for information at all where possible. A smarter caller ID system will do all of the leg work for you, looking through your emails in a bid to pair unattached numbers to a name you might recognise. This is just the tip of the iOS 9-themed offering, however.

Notes

Ignored by some, loved by many, Apple's Notes app is set for a sizeable refresh, becoming more relevant and useful to your daily life.

Gaining access from whatever app you're in, Notes will be about far more than a simple location to jot down your latest musings, with checklists, category headings and image, map and URL support all being added. With iCloud backing also joining the mix, the new Notes app will even let you use your finger to create handwritten reminders and image annotations – just like a real notebook.

Maps

Once the laughing stock of Apple's app line-up, Apple Maps has moved on from warped roads, lost locations and bendy buildings. Now a legit challenger to Google's market-leading free service, it's gaining transit directions in iOS 9.

Throwing public transport into the mix alongside walking and driving-based navigation, nearby points of interest, including landmarks, restaurants and cafes will now also be highlighted.

News

One of the biggest new additions to Apple's next software refresh is the introduction of an all new News platform. The company's latest can't-delete app is an imitation of sorts of Flipboard or HTC's Sense skin on Android. News will collate all of the articles you might be interested in, presenting them in one stylish, easy to access location.

With thousands of leading news creators on board for launch, Apple will package the written word alongside all manner of high-production image and video content.

The more you read, the more personalised the service will become, learning your interests and better attuning the promoted content collection to you.

Wallet

Replacing Passbook, Wallet will be the new one-stop app for all things payment-based. Apple Pay – the company's contactless mobile payment service due to launch in the UK later this month – will be managed through the new Wallet platform, gaining new features courtesy of the latest iOS push.

Joining your banking information in your digital wallet, store cards and reward cards are also being cloned, living in your handset for more convenient shopping.

iPad-exclusive iOS 9 features

Introducing something that users of Apple's slates have been requesting for years, iOS 9 will finally bring split-screen multitasking to the market-leading tablet line.

Echoing a number of Android slates, the single-screen, multi-programme options will see users able to have a second app share the screen space equally with another, or display as a small sidebar. The result – more natural, intuitive cross-app collaborations and a smoother, quicker working experience.

What's more, FaceTime will no longer be an all or nothing affair, with the video calling service able to run as a picture-in-picture option while performing other tasks – such as checking your calendar while on a work call, or searching for gig tickets while chatting with your beau.

Siri graduates in iOS 9

Forget 0 ÷ 0-themed backchat, Siri is about to become less gobby and more helpful. iOS 9 will see the voice-activated personal assistant become 40% faster and far more accurate in its feedback. In true Her fashion, it will soon understand context too, allowing for a more conversational tone - creepy.

Siri's updates aren't just about polishing the service, though. In a slightly sinister Google Now fashion, the digital PA will soon be able to pre-empt your likely requests, surfacing information it thinks will be useful before you've even asked the questions.

It does this by monitoring your daily activities, picking up on your regular habits – say, playing music when you get home – and learning when to second-guess your next move and cut out the middle man.

Gaining the ability to search your image library for people and places, in iOS 9 Siri will also gain the skills required to automatically add events to your calendar based on details received in email. She's getting smarter…

iOS 9 will make your devices more secure

If, like many, you use the same four-digit code to unlock your iPhone as you do to get money from a cashpoint, things are about to change. Doing away with four-figure codes in favour of a new six-digit method, Apple is switching the number of possible passcodes from 10,000 to a cool million.

This isn't the only way the Cupertino-based company is keeping your data secure, either. Having pledged not to share your personal information, even between internal Apple services, the company is also adding dual-factor authentication for those with multiple Apple products.

iOS 9 will boost your battery life

Draining batteries are the bane of any smartphone owner. Apple is looking to address this with iOS 9, introducing some clever software tweaks which will better manage your handset's staying power, all without you noticing the difference.

Instead of simply throttling the device in order to conserve power, iOS 9 will use your iPhone and iPad's ambient light and proximity sensors to work out when the device is face down, preventing the screen from turning on, even when you receive notifications.

This is just one of a number of battery usage trimmings which will add up to around an hour's additional use on a single charge, a figure not to be sniffed at.

What is iOS 9's release date - and is there a beta?

Keeping with tradition – and its annual launch cycles – Apple first debuted iOS 9 during its annual developers' conference back in June, confirming the software would be rolled out to consumers this 'fall'. Although an exact release date has yet to be announced, it is expected that the patch will launch in mid-September, in the days leading up to the company's next smartphone introduction.

Can't wait till the autumn? Well Apple has decided to be kind and give you an early play. An iOS 9 public beta will be held months ahead of launch for those too impatient to wait. With iPhone and iPad owners able to register their interest now, the public beta programme will officially kick off on an as yet undetermined date later this month.

This is the first time Apple has offered a public beta on its iOS software having previously limited avid fans to Mac OS X previews.

Is my device iOS 9 compatible?

Unlike when new Android updates drop, Apple is pretty hot in ensuring most existing smartphone and tablet owners are offered the patch on day one. iOS 9 is no exception, heading to all versions of the iPhone and iPad launched in the past couple of years.

On the phone front, everything from the iPhone 4S onwards – yes, that includes your recently purchased iPhone 6, don't worry – will be offered iOS 9 in some capacity, while all but the original iPad will make the move on the tablet side.

Still clinging on to an iPod touch? Sadly, only the fifth-gen offering will be making the move to the new OS.

The iOS 9 diet

Last year, iOS 8 saw Apple's annual software update cause millions of users to struggle for storage space. Lining up at 4.58GB in size, the hefty patch forced many to delete apps, photos and files in order to free up the necessary space.

For 2015 the new iOS update has been trimmed and toned down, requiring just 1.3GB of available space. Hopefully this should do away with storage concerns for most.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003354-9253f34a42f1f672a33a9eb5b160f9a3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002465 00000000000 015024  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The rust-coloured animal was seen by a tourist at Uhuru peak, the mountain's highest summit between 5,730 and 5,895 metres above sea level where temperatures range from minus four to 15 degrees centigrade.

The sighting has baffled animal scientists who have questioned what motivated the dog to scale such heights and how he could have survived without a proper food source on the desert-like, stony plains of the volcanic Tanzanian mountain.

One veterinary expert suggested that the dog might be rabid – one explanation for his mountaineering inclination – are warned other climbers to keep a safe distance.

Antoine le Galloudec, a French tourist, was climbing the mountain with three colleagues and took a picture of the dog using his mobile phone.

In an email to Tanzania's Citizen newspaper, Mr Galloudec said he spotted the dog when he went to answer the call of nature.

"I saw the dog lying one metre away from where I stood on a rock," he said.

Abel Edward, from Ahsante Tours which hosted the group, told The Citizen that a dog was spotted at Baranco Camp (3,960 metres above sea level) on the mountain 10 years ago.

"When the tourists showed us the picture of this dog we could not believe our eyes," he said. "How it survived in such freezing conditions and what it ate during that time remains a mystery to us."                                                                                                                                                                                                           0003379-51a6dd4efec991653a08cade0f7ea12c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012224 00000000000 015405  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        SILVER SPRING, Md. - Walter Reed Army Institute of Research (WRAIR) researchers recently published the results of testing a Plasmodium vivax malaria vaccine candidate in a human challenge model.

A vaccine to prevent infection and disease caused by P. vivax is critical to reduce sickness and mortality from vivax malaria, a common cause of malaria among deployed service members. While malaria no longer poses a significant threat in developed countries, it affects millions of people every year around the world. P. vivax malaria is challenging to control because it can be dormant, causing no symptoms, and then become active causing symptomatic malaria weeks to months after initial infection.

The vaccine candidate developed by WRAIR and tested jointly with GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) to prevent vivax malaria infection is the first in-human study of its kind under an investigational new drug application with the US Food and Drug Administration. WRAIR investigators immunized 30 volunteers with three doses of the vaccine candidate. Malaria is only transmitted through the bite of a female mosquito. Immunized volunteers took part in WRAIR's well-established controlled human malaria infection (CHMI) model where they were bitten by malaria-infected mosquitoes. The efficacy of the vaccine candidate was then determined based on whether or not volunteers developed malaria by looking at blood smears or if it took longer for malaria parasites to appear in the blood.

"This study represents the first vaccine study to test the effectiveness of a P. vivax vaccine candidate in humans using controlled human malaria infection," said Lt. Col. Jason W. Bennett, the study's lead investigator. The study's results were published today in the journal PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases. Unlike P. falciparum where a CHMI model is well established, the P. vivax CHMI model must rely on blood donations from infected humans to initiate infections in mosquitoes.

For this trial, the WRAIR investigators worked with the WRAIR overseas lab in Bangkok, Thailand, the Armed Forces Research Institute of Medical Sciences (AFRIMS), to acquire P. vivax-infected mosquitoes which were then transported to WRAIR for the malaria challenge. The vaccine candidate was well tolerated in all volunteers and generated robust immune responses. While the vaccine candidate did not prevent malaria infection, it did significantly delay parasitemia in 59% of vaccinated subjects.

Col. Robert Paris, director of the US Military Malaria Research Program at WRAIR, is optimistic that an improved vaccine can be designed. "Findings from the analysis of the immune response of vaccinated subjects have given us clues to improve vaccine candidates and studies are now underway at WRAIR to develop next generation vivax vaccines," says Dr. Paris, "Vaccines and antimalarial drugs are both critical needs for the DoD to protect service members from malaria."

Malaria challenge models require effective treatment for any resulting malaria infections. Investigators were also able to demonstrate that individuals with low or absent levels of a specific liver enzyme were unable to convert primaquine to an active drug form to kill the dormant stage of the parasites. These volunteers were more likely to experience vivax malaria relapse. The clinical data in this study is the first to show that differences in a person's genetics can result in primaquine treatment failure. Despite this newly identified limitation, primaquine remains the only FDA-approved drug to treat the dormant stages of vivax malaria.

WRAIR remains dedicated to developing vaccines, cures, and other products to eradicate and curb the transmission of infectious diseases. Decades of research at WRAIR have culminated in many effective products, including vaccines for yellow fever, dengue fever, and Japanese encephalitis. This study demonstrates WRAIR's continued dedication to malaria prevention and marks an important step towards an effective P. vivax vaccine.

###

About VMP001/AS01 B vaccine candidate

To take into account the diversity of P. vivax strains, WRAIR researchers and collaborators developed vivax malaria protein 001 (VMP001) as a candidate vaccine for P. vivax malaria. The vaccine antigen VMP001 is an Escherichia coli produced synthetic chimeric recombinant protein that incorporates the three major domains of circumsporozoite protein (CSP), but is distinct from the native molecule. The VMP001 antigen was adjuvanted with AS01B, a proprietary liposome-based adjuvant system from GSK. This adjuvant system has been used in other malaria vaccine candidates, including RTS,S. The clinical trial was funded by the PATH Malaria Vaccine Initiative (MVI) and the U.S. Army Military Infectious Diseases Research Program (MIDRP).

About the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research

Headquartered in Silver Spring, Maryland, the Walter Reed Army Institute of Research (WRAIR) has a long history and diverse mission as the premier military research institute in the Department of Defense. With comprehensive research units in Africa, Asia, and the Caucasus region, WRAIR is comprised of two Centers of Excellence, the Center for Infectious Disease Research and the Center for Military Psychiatry and Neuroscience.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0003322-d34dc5f320501e635a6f67887fbc325f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001365 00000000000 015030  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        “Today is a sad day for the Raider family and entire Raider Nation,” said Owner Mark Davis. “My father once said that I would have a tough time running this organization because I was too close to the players, and that rings true today. Marcel Reece has been a pillar of the organization for nine years and was the glue that held us together during a tough transition after my father’s passing. He helped put us on the upward path we are on today and his leadership will be sorely missed. The motto, ‘Once a Raider, Always a Raider,’ has never been more appropriate. When Marcel finishes his playing career, there will always be a spot for him within the Raider organization. Until then, I wish only the best for Marcel and his entire family.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0003384-254802886638bc6741e91def66584a9c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015765 00000000000 014655  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Former Alabama Governor Robert Bentley speaks after officially resigning on Monday, April 10, 2017, in Montgomery, Ala. Bentley resigned Monday rather than face impeachment and pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor campaign violations that arose during an investigation of his alleged affair with a top aide. (Albert Cesare/The Montgomery Advertiser via AP)

MONTGOMERY, Ala. (AP) — Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley resigned Monday rather than face impeachment and pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor campaign violations that arose during an investigation of his alleged affair with a top aide.

In a remarkable fall, the mild-mannered 74-year-old Republican and one-time Baptist deacon stepped down as the sex-tinged scandal gathered force over the past few days. Legislators turned up the pressure by opening impeachment hearings Monday. Last week, the Alabama Ethics Commission cited evidence that Bentley broke state ethics and campaign laws and referred the matter to prosecutors.

“There’ve been times that I let you and our people down, and I’m sorry for that,” Bentley said in the old House chamber of Alabama’s Capitol after he pleaded guilty.

The violations were discovered during the investigation of his affair but were not directly related to it.

In court, Bentley appeared sullen and looked down at the floor. He stood up and said “yes, sir” in a gravelly voice as the judge read out the charges he was pleading guilty to.

One misdemeanor charge against Bentley stemmed from a $50,000 loan he made to his campaign in November that investigators said he failed to report until January. State law says major contributions should be reported within a few days. The other charge stemmed from his use of campaign funds to pay nearly $9,000 in legal bills for political adviser Rebekah Caldwell Mason last year.

“He did what he did, and he deserves now to be called a criminal,” said Ellen Brooks, a retired district attorney overseeing the state investigation.

The resignation and guilty plea were a dramatic reversal from the man who on Friday stood on the Capitol steps and said he would not leave office because he had done nothing illegal.

The plea agreement specified that Bentley must surrender campaign funds totaling nearly $37,000 within a week and perform 100 hours of community service as a physician. The dermatologist also cannot seek public office again.

Bentley’s successor is Lt. Gov. Kay Ivey, who became Alabama’s second female governor. The first was Lurleen Wallace, wife of segregationist and four-term Gov. George C. Wallace. She ran as a surrogate for her still-powerful husband in 1966 when he couldn’t seek re-election because of term limits. She won, but died in office in 1968.

“The Ivey administration will be open. It will be transparent. And it will be honest,” Ivey said.

Bentley said in his statement that he no longer wanted to subject his family and staff “to the consequences that my past actions have brought upon them.” His staff gave him a standing ovation as he entered and exited the old House chamber.

Bentley’s resignation follows the ouster of former House Speaker Mike Hubbard, who left office in 2016 after being convicted on ethics charges, and former state Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore, who was suspended from his post last year over an order opposing same-sex marriage.

Bentley, a staunch family-values conservative who won two terms partly because of his reputation for moral rectitude, was first engulfed in scandal last year after recordings surfaced of him making sexually charged comments to the 45-year-old Mason.

An investigative report prepared for the House Judiciary Committee and released last week said Bentley encouraged an “atmosphere of intimidation” to keep the story under wraps and directed law enforcement officers to track down and seize the recordings. The report portrayed the governor as paranoid and obsessed with trying to keep the relationship secret.

The committee on Monday started what was expected to be days of hearings.

Bentley lawyer Ross Garber had argued that impeachment should be reserved for only the “most grave misconduct,” noting that only two U.S. governors have been impeached since 1929, and both were indicted for serious felonies.

“It is not unusual for elected officials to have ethics and campaign finance issues. In fact, many governors face these things. It is very rare, though, for legislators to try to leverage those issues to impeach a governor. In fact, it is simply not done,” Garber told The Associated Press in an email.

The last U.S. governor to be impeached was Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich in 2009. He was removed from office and is now serving a prison sentence for conspiring to sell an appointment to President Barack Obama’s vacant U.S. Senate seat.

The investigative report contained text messages that the governor sent to Mason. They were intercepted by Bentley’s then-wife, Dianne Bentley, who was able to read the messages because they also showed up on the governor’s state-issued iPad, which he had given her.

“I sure miss you. I need you. I want you. You are the only one,” one message read.

Dianne Bentley divorced her husband in 2015 after 50 years of marriage.

Bentley denied having a physical relationship with his former aide, though in some of the recordings he talked about the pleasure he got from fondling her breasts.

At one point, according to the investigative report, the governor sent the head of his security detail to fetch the recording from his son Paul Bentley, who responded: “You ain’t getting it.” Dianne Bentley had secretly recorded her husband by leaving her phone on while she went for a walk.

The former first lady’s chief of staff also charged that Bentley threatened her job because he believed she had helped his wife make the recordings.

Former Law Enforcement Secretary Spencer Collier, who a day after being fired by Bentley last year held a news conference where he publicly revealed the affair accusation, said he feels vindicated by the resignation and plea deal.

GOP leaders in the House and Senate called on Bentley to resign, as has the Alabama Republican Party’s steering committee.

“It’s really time for us to look ahead and start moving forward on more pressing matters,” Republican Sen. Cam Ward said. “It was a constant distraction, one that was never going to change, and it’s time for us to get back to work.”

Two of Bentley’s predecessors in the past three decades have been convicted of crimes: Republican Guy Hunt in the 1990s, for misusing funds, and Democrat Don Siegelman, who was convicted of bribery in 2006.

___

Associated Press writer Jay Reeves in Birmingham contributed to this report.

____

This story corrects an earlier version that said two of Bentley’s predecessors went to prison. Former Gov. Guy Hunt was convicted, but did not go to prison. It also corrects that Bentley lawyer Ross Garber represented former Gov. Mark Sanford of South Carolina and Gov. John Rowland of Connecticut during impeachment proceedings, not Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich.           0003207-e0e9da3b647e6e46f3098614d63941ec.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003065 00000000000 015042  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Apple has been dealt yet another blow by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office after receiving confirmation that its famous “rubber banding” patent, which plays a key role in the company’s fight against Samsung, is invalid. The “final” decision comes after the USPTO tentatively rejected all claims in the ‘381 patent back in October 2012.

While the initial ruling invalidated all 20 claims in patent ‘381, three of them (14, 17, and 18) have been reinstated in the latest decision. The other 17, however — which includes the key “over scroll bounce” feature that Apple is so protective of — are still considered invalid.

But according to FOSS Patents, this “final” decision can still be appealed. Apple now has two months to respond to the Central Reexamination Unit, and if necessary, the company can send its appeal to the Patent Trial and Appeal Board. If Apple still doesn’t get the decision it’s looking for after that, then the appeal can go to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.

It will “take years” before a true, final decision is made on the validity of this patent, FOSS Patents reports.

Patent ‘381 played a key role in Apple’s $1.05 billion damages award against Samsung last summer. At the time, Judge Lucy Koh didn’t consider the first Office action deeming the patent invalid to be relevant, but this decision could have an impact on whether or not we see a new trial.

This is the second blow Apple has been dealt by the USPTO in under a week, with the company having been denied its trademark for “iPad mini.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0003365-66e43e857ce257d8c7be34dbe55e6e9e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005374 00000000000 015312  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        BlackBerry (BBRY) is very unhappy with Detwiler Fenton analyst Jeff Johnston. The company is accusing Johnston of making false claims about BlackBerry Z10 return rates in the U.S. and it plans to ask regulators in both the United States and Canada to launch a formal investigation into the matter. Johnston on Thursday claimed that “key retail partners have seen a significant increase in Z10 returns to the point where, in several cases, returns are now exceeding sales, a phenomenon we have never seen before.” BlackBerry Chief Legal Officer Steve Zipperstein says that these claims are “materially false and misleading” and says that they were “deliberately purveyed for the purpose of influencing the markets.” BlackBerry’s full press release is posted below.

BlackBerry Seeks U.S., Canadian Review of False Reports on Return Rates

WATERLOO, ONTARIO–(Marketwired – April 12, 2013) – BlackBerry® (NASDAQ:BBRY)(TSX:BB), a world leader in mobile communications, today said it would seek Securities and Exchange Commission and Ontario Securities Commission review of a false and misleading report about retail return rates for the Company’s new BlackBerry Z10 smartphone.

“Sales of the BlackBerry® Z10 are meeting expectations and the data we have collected from our retail and carrier partners demonstrates that customers are satisfied with their devices,” said BlackBerry President and CEO Thorsten Heins. “Return rate statistics show that we are at or below our forecasts and right in line with the industry. To suggest otherwise is either a gross misreading of the data or a willful manipulation. Such a conclusion is absolutely without basis and BlackBerry will not leave it unchallenged.”

BlackBerry and Verizon Wireless, the largest U.S. carrier, on Thursday refuted claims from research and investment firm Detwiler Fenton that BlackBerry Z10 devices were being returned in unusually high numbers. Detwiler Fenton refused to make either its report to investors or its methodology available to BlackBerry, even after the Company said the firm’s findings were “absolutely false.”

BlackBerry Chief Legal Officer Steve Zipperstein said: “These materially false and misleading comments about device return rates in the United States harm BlackBerry and our shareholders, and we call upon the appropriate authorities in Canada and the United States to conduct an immediate investigation. Everyone is entitled to their opinion about the merits of the many competing products in the smartphone industry, but when false statements of material fact are deliberately purveyed for the purpose of influencing the markets a red line has been crossed.”

Zipperstein said BlackBerry would present its formal request to U.S. and Canadian regulators in the next several days.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0003296-8fb8951c48f040c7eab33e9fb226a6ed.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001731 00000000000 015260  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        GST ensures, the number of inter-state check posts between Delhi, Mumbai where transport vehicles have to stop will come down to just one.

Mumbai: Union Minister for Road Transport and Highways and Shipping Nitin Gadkari on Saturday said that implementation of Goods and Services Tax will increase Maharashtra's revenue by 20-25 per cent.

"GST, which came into force on Saturday, will increase Maharashtra's revenue by 20-25 percent," Gadkari said, speaking at an event organised by the Institute of Chartered Accountants (ICAI) in Mumbai.

It would provide relief to the state which recently declared a farm loan waiver of Rs 34,000 crore, he said. With the roll-out of new tax regime, the number of inter-state check posts between Delhi and Mumbai where transport vehicles have to stop will come down to just one, he said, adding that it would reduce prices.

GST has ushered in economic freedom, Gadkari said, adding that logistics sector will be one of its biggest beneficiaries.                                       0003359-44c0647f1c1de07bf16458a67e589f52.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020615 00000000000 014767  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        An Uber self-driving car drives on March 28 in San Francisco. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images

Two weeks ago, a driver failed to yield to another vehicle making a turn at a cross street just minutes away from my office in Tempe, Arizona. The two cars collided, causing the one making the turn to roll on its side. Sadly, this kind of thing happens all the time. A colleague who lives in the neighborhood in which the crash happened told us, “That intersection has crashes weekly—and not just fender-benders. … [T]wo weeks ago, there was a car in our yard.”

So why did this particular crash make the national news? It just so happened that one of those vehicles was driving itself.

As part of a national test of its autonomous vehicle program, Uber has in recent months introduced self-driving cars in San Francisco, Pittsburgh, and our own town of Tempe. These cars see the world around them using a powerful array of sensors in combination with a LIDAR (Light Detection and Ranging) beam on the roof. The cars use LIDAR to emit light or radio waves into their immediate surroundings, and then those waves bounce back according to the environment’s shape and characteristics—much like the way a bat uses echolocation to “see” its prey at night. The cars are also equipped with optical sensors for knowing when a traffic light goes from yellow to red, for example, and cameras for seeing pedestrians and other obstacles.

Just as with any crash, the news coverage immediately following the Tempe incident raised questions of who was at fault. But in this case, the discussion focused on whether the Uber self-driving car could have anticipated the collision and moved out of the way. Uber temporarily took the self-driving fleet off the road while it assessed the situation, but it has since put the cars back on the road a few days later, and we’ve started passing them on the street again.

This wasn’t the first high-profile mishap with an autonomous vehicle. Back in September, one of Google’s self-driving cars was involved in a crash with a public transit bus. The car was driving itself at the time, but the human driver slammed on the brakes when he anticipated the collision. Unfortunately, neither he nor the car were fast enough. No one was hurt, thankfully, but the incident prompted similar questions of why the Google car failed to get out of the way.

We study the risks of emerging technologies, so we’re very glad to see people beginning to think through some of the stickier questions of responsibility when it comes to these vehicles. When analysts and policymakers talk about these kinds of events, they often turn toward theoretical and philosophical thought experiments such as the trolley problem.

Even if you didn’t know that’s what it was called, you have likely encountered a variant of the trolley problem. It usually goes something like this:

You see a runaway trolley barreling down some tracks, quickly approaching a junction. Just past that junction, several people are bound to the tracks, unable to free themselves. The trolley is heading straight for them. For some reason, you are standing next to a lever that switches the tracks, so it seems you might be able to avert the coming the disaster—but then you look down the other tracks and see a baby lying there. You have two options:

1. Do nothing, making you complicit in the deaths of five innocent people

2. Save the five by switching the tracks, allowing the trolley to kill the one baby

In the case of self-driving cars, this problem often comes in the form of asking whether we care more about pedestrians or vehicle passengers, or the passengers of the autonomous vehicle or the human drivers with whom it shares the road. MIT even made a game out of it.

It’s important to think about ethical decision-making in autonomous cars. But the trolley problem, with its action movie–like scenario, can overshadow questions that are more mundane but also more pertinent to most people. It’s not as much fun to have a philosophical conversation about how real people in real situations deal with the risks of living with these new technologies. Most of us won’t have to make a life-or-death decision like in the trolley problem, but we may well have to deal with technologies that decide who gets the raw end of a car-on-car, or car-on-human, situation. Take the woman suffering whiplash after her self-driving car braked too fast or the school crossing guard, accustomed to making eye contact with drivers when putting up stop signs, who now has to learn to trust autonomous vehicles to brake for kids walking to school. So many of the questions here are mundane: How will this technology change the shape of personal injury law? What do self-driving cars mean for license regulations?

Of course, there’s no such thing as a completely benign crash. Someone always pays a price for vehicle-related damage, whether it’s bumps and bruises, stress and anxiety, or loss of earnings (especially if driving is your business). But fender-benders involving self-driving cars that don’t cause deep and lasting damage do provide insights into challenges that are easily overlooked by the philosophically minded.

Here, there’s something to be learned from relatively low-stakes crashes like the one in Tempe, but only if we step back and resist the temptation to turn these individual lives affected into players in grand moral and ethical dramas. And in the case of the Tempe crash, the local news media did an excellent job of doing just that.

According to the Arizona Republic, the human driver reported in her statement to police that “As far as I could tell, the third lane had no one coming in it so I was clear to make my turn. Right as I got to the middle lane about to cross the third I saw a car flying through the intersection but couldn’t brake fast enough to completely avoid collision.” It’s interesting that she focuses not on who or what was driving the other car, but instead on the vehicle was doing in relation to her.

Local reporting also highlights the statements from two witnesses, who each provided a different account of who was at fault. One echoed the police report in stating that the human-driven vehicle struck the Uber. But the other said that it was the Uber vehicle’s “fault for trying to beat the light and hitting the gas so hard.”

This latter statement in particular is telling in that the witness, perhaps unconsciously, assumed that the Uber had motivations behind its behavior, just like a human driver—in this case, beating the light to avoid getting held up.

These statements speak volumes about how people perceive and interact with self-driving cars: not as some esoteric technology demanding deep levels of ethical and philosophical angst, but as vehicles that can cause harm and sometimes behave unpredictably, just like human-driven cars.

It’s this rubber-meets-the-road type of pragmatism that we need when thinking through the very real challenges and opportunities of self-driving vehicles and that fender-benders give us invaluable insights into.

And those insights help us focus on potential impacts that aren’t as dramatic as deaths or serious injuries, but are nevertheless important to those that suffer them. For instance, local news outlets emphasized the fact that there were no passengers in the self-driving Uber. If there were, how—if at all—would the car have modified its behavior to prevent minor injuries, including whiplash? And if the car could have taken evasive action, how would it be programmed to balance potential bumps and bruises to passengers and driver with the potentially more serious injuries associate with a collision?

There’s a really important national debate to be had about how to define the role of autonomous vehicles in our increasingly complex society, but let’s not get sidetracked by armchair philosophizing or tantalizing moral dilemmas. Instead, we should be looking at real challenges faced by real people.

And for goodness’ sake, let’s not overreact and force every self-driving Uber to execute a hand brake turn when it senses hesitation in a human driver, turning our neighborhood here in Arizona into a scene from Fast and Furious 9: Uber Tempe Drift.

This article is part of Future Tense, a collaboration among Arizona State University, New America, and Slate. Future Tense explores the ways emerging technologies affect society, policy, and culture. To read more, follow us on Twitter and sign up for our weekly newsletter.                                                                                                                   0003024-40db9522cb0f21c34074cf4651659e8d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002112 00000000000 014724  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Some time ago, I posted the cover art for the ebook editions of The Wheel of Time series by Robert Jordan. For the sake of comparison, here is the art for the US hardback editions. All of these covers were done by Darrell K. Sweet except for the last book, A Memory of Light, which was done by Michael Whelan.

Click each image to see a larger version.

Prequel — New Spring cover art



1. The Eye of the World — outside cover art



The Eye of the World — inside front cover art

2. The Great Hunt cover art

3. The Dragon Reborn cover art

4. The Shadow Rising cover art

5. The Fires of Heaven cover art

6. Lord of Chaos cover art

7. A Crown of Swords cover art

8. Path of Daggers cover art

9. Winter’s Heart cover art

10. Crossroads of Twilight cover art

11. Knife of Dreams cover art

12. The Gathering Storm cover art

13. The Towers of Midnight cover art

14. A Memory of Light — Darrell K. Sweet unfinished concept art

Mr. Sweet passed away before finishing the cover.



A Memory of Light cover art — Michael Whelan

Wheel of Time Cover Art for the US Hardback Editions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0003039-193ba8a2881de7b8f244e73020027b30.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006177 00000000000 014661  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Alabama-Coushatta tribe plans to hold a job fair soon for their new Class II casino, Naskila Entertainment near Livingston, Texas. On Tuesday April 19 Tribal members are invited for either of two sessions to be held at the Tribal Multi-Purpose Center (Gym). Tribal Members and the general community are welcome to attend on Wednesday, April 20th.

The Multi-Purpose Center is located at 333 State Park Rd 56. Tuesday’s job fair will be held from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 pm and 4:30 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. with Wednesday’s running from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 pm and 3:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m.

The Job Fair will be facilitated by Naskila Management along with Tribal departmental staff. The open meetings will allow interested people to get face to face time and learn more about career opportunities. A variety of positions are available from managerial and technical to service and support. A flyer, also posted on the Entertainment Center’s Facebook page offers a phone number for those with questions.

Our phone calls Friday and Saturday went directly to voice mail and a Friday email has not been returned yet. We are monitoring social media and local news outlets for updated information in regard to an opening date, but expect the venue to open on or before May 1st.

The tribe has not offered Class II slot machines since 2002, since being forced by court decisions to close a lucrative operation that generated about $1 million per month for the tribe and ran less than a year. The only other tribal casino to operate in the state is the Kickapoo Lucky Eagle Casino in Eagle Pass, which has been open since 1996. Texans, not in the “Deep East” also have a casino cruise ship available out of Aransas Pass – otherwise the state’s denizens are forced to travel out of state to “get their spin on” across the border at other tribal casinos like the Chickasaw Nation’s WinStar World Casino and Resort in Oklahoma.

In October 2015 the National Indian Gaming Commission ruled that the tribe, along with the Tigua Tribes (aka Ysleta Del Sur Pueblo) in Texas, had been restored to federal recognition a year before the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act was passed; affirming both tribes’ jurisdiction over their sovereign lands. On November 3, 2015 the tribe announced that they had received federal approval to resume electronic gaming.

The casino is located at 540 State Park Road 56, in Livingston, Texas and will offer 15,000 square feet of entertainment space with about 10,000 of that devoted to gaming on over 350 machines. A restaurant is also planned for the refurbished center.

The state’s Charitable Bingo operators have been losing money for the last several years with some being shut down by the state for not generating positive income. They are staunchly opposed to the state’s tribes self-determination on sovereign land on which the state has no jurisdiction to enforce its draconian gambling laws. The Charitable bingo operators were also heavily influential in getting the Texas Racing Commission to kill regulations allowing so-called Historical Racing machines. Statewide, the only legal gambling outlets are a state lottery, parimutuel wagering, and charity bingo.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0003355-cf823e25d721a48f9f4d6d09733ccf48.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002350 00000000000 015124  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        NEW ORLEANS -- After more than four decades in business, Tony Angello’s will close it's doors forever Saturday, December 24. Angela Angello Riviere, daughter of the restaurant’s late chef and namesake, confirmed the decision.

Tony Angello’s is a family-run Creole-Italian restaurant known for their "Feed me" menu and signature dishes including the lobster cup, Eggplant Tina and Angello's versions of pasta bordelaise, osso bucco, stuffed shrimp, cannelloni, veal or eggplant Parmigiana and any number of other "red gravy" favorites.

Last summer, Tony Angello, owner of the beloved Lakeview restaurant that bore his name and was famous for home-cooked versions of Creole-Italian specialties, died at the age of 88.

More: New Orleans Italian restaurant legend Tony Angello dies

The restaurant opened at the corner of Fleur de Lis Drive and Harrison Avenue in Lakeview in 1972, after Angello and his brother ran another establishment, the Black Orchid, for several years in Gentilly.

The Lakeview place looked more like a home than a restaurant, and that feeling was matched in the food and atmosphere, as well as in the physical appearance.

Tony Angello’s is located at 6262 Fleur De Lis Drive and is open for dinner Tuesday through Saturday.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0003303-98cf8ab6f3b57ef0a5478abf122e7342.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002411 00000000000 015162  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        DC Comics has a new variant theme coming to stores in January that will have readers keeping inside the lines: Coloring Books. DC gave us the exclusive reveal at 5 of the planned variants for next year: ACTION COMICS #48, RED HOOD/ARSENAL #8, TITANS HUNT #4, FLASH #48, and SINESTRO #19.

ACTION COMICS #48 by Scott Kollins

RED HOOD/ARSENAL #8 by Scott McDaniel

TITANS HUNT #4 by Scott McDaniel

FLASH #48 by Derec Donovan

SINESTRO #19 by Derec Donovan

Crave had the reveal on Batman #48 by Dave Johnson, Green Arrow #48 by Cully Hamner, JLA #8 by Cully Hamner, Lois and Clark #4 by Aaron Lopresti, and Teen Titans #16 by Timothy Green.

CBR revealed Deathstroke #14 by Emanuella Luppicino, Green Lantern#48 by Michael Allred, Justice League #48 by Scott Kollins, Superman #48 by Andy Smith, and We Are Robin #8 by Freddie Williams.

ComicBook.com revealed Cyborg #7 by Derec Donovan, Martian Manhunter #8 by Andy Kuhn, Robin Son of Batman #8 by Sanford Greene, Starfire #8 by Dave Taylor, and Superman/ Wonder Woman #25 by Aaron Lopresti.

Newsarama revealed Aquaman #48 by Andy Kuhn, Batman/Superman #28 by Freddie Williams, Detective Comics #48 by Timothy Green, Grayson #16 by Aaron Lopresti, and Wonder Woman #48 by Emanuella Luppicino.

Look for all of these variants in January.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0003289-cc93d2aef0679294de1cb96d26e22fd0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007411 00000000000 015261  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        + Play Audio | + Download Audio | + Join mailing list

September 21, 2007: NASA's Mars Odyssey spacecraft has discovered entrances to seven possible caves on the slopes of a Martian volcano. The find is fueling interest in potential underground habitats and sparking searches for caverns elsewhere on the Red Planet.

Very dark, nearly circular features ranging in diameter from about 328 to 820 feet puzzled researchers who found them in images taken by NASA's Mars Odyssey and Mars Global Surveyor orbiters. Using Mars Odyssey's infrared camera to check the daytime and nighttime temperatures of the circles, scientists concluded that they could be windows into underground spaces.

Above: A montage image of the "Seven Sisters"--seven dark openings into cavenrous spaces on the slopes of Arsia Mons. Researchers have nicknamed the features Dena, Chloe, Wendy, Annie, Abby, Nikki and Jeanne. [More]

Evidence that the holes may be openings to cavernous spaces comes from the temperature differences detected from infrared images taken in the afternoon vs. the pre-dawn morning. From day to night, temperatures of the holes change only about one-third as much as the change in temperature of surrounding ground surface.



Sign up for EXPRESS SCIENCE NEWS delivery Sign up for EXPRESS SCIENCE NEWS delivery

"They are cooler than the surrounding surface in the day and warmer at night," said Glen Cushing of the U.S. Geological Survey's Astrogeology Team and of Northern Arizona University, Flagstaff, Ariz. "Their thermal behavior is not as steady as large caves on Earth that often maintain a fairly constant temperature, but it is consistent with these being deep holes in the ground."

A report of this discovery by Cushing and his co-authors was published online recently by the journal Geophysical Research Letters.

"Whether these are just deep vertical shafts or openings into spacious caverns, they are entries to the subsurface of Mars," said co-author Tim Titus of the U.S. Geological Survey in Flagstaff. "Somewhere on Mars, caves might provide a protected niche for past or current life, or shelter for humans in the future."

The discovered holes, dubbed "Seven Sisters," are at some of the highest altitudes on the planet, on a volcano named Arsia Mons near Mars' tallest mountain.

Above: Each of the three images covers the same patch of Martian ground centered on skylight "Annie," which has a diameter about double the length of a football field. The left panel shows an ordinary white light view of Annie; right panels show infrared images in mid-afternoon (center) and just before sunrise (right). [More]

"These are at such extreme altitude, they are poor candidates either for use as human habitation or for having microbial life," Cushing said. "Even if life has ever existed on Mars, it may not have migrated to this height."

The new report proposes that the deep holes on Arsia Mons probably formed as underground stresses around the volcano caused spreading and faults that opened spaces beneath the surface. Some of the holes are in line with strings of bowl-shaped pits where surface material has apparently collapsed to fill the gap created by a linear fault.

The observations have prompted researchers using Mars Odyssey and NASA's newer Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter to examine the Seven Sisters. The goal is to find other openings to underground spaces at lower elevations that are more accessible to future missions to Mars.

The Jet Propulsion Laboratory manages Mars Odyssey and Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter for the NASA Science Mission Directorate, Washington. Arizona State University operates the Mars Odyssey's Thermal Emission Imaging System. For additional information about Mars Odyssey and the new findings, visit the Odyssey mission home page.

Production Editor: Dr. Tony Phillips | Credit: Science@NASA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0003066-67428f0a97fc6788296a27d3cc43bf5c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007077 00000000000 015063  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The proposal by 50 Conservative MPs follows plans to turn Britain’s passports blue after Brexit

Fifty Conservative MPs are pushing ministers in Theresa May’s cabinet to create a new lottery to raise funds for a £120 million royal yacht to promote post-Brexit Britain.

It follows plans to replace the country’s passports, which are currently burgundy and bear EU markings, with a blue British one after Brexit.

A new yacht would “showcase post-Brexit Britain and bring trade to our shores”, the MPs said.

In a letter sent to the Government, the MPs said that a new national lottery game would allow ordinary Britons to feel “the pride of having a stake” in the boat, which would also “project our humanitarian role across the globe” after Brexit.

But the proposal met with an immediate backlash on Twitter, as the MPs faced accusations of being “out of touch” with the public.

Angry social media users pointed to the number of homeless people on the streets and the cash-strapped National Health Service, as they questioned the Conservatives’ priorities in spending £120 million on a new yacht.

Number of people sleeping rough has DOUBLED since the Tories took over in 2010 and these MPs are focusing on buying a new royal yacht? If you vote Tory you have a hand in this. — Ian M (@Ian_McKinley) December 28, 2017

Prominent Brexiteers such as Boris Johnson, the foreign secretary, and Liam Fox, the international trade secretary, were among the recipients of the letter. Defence secretary Gavin Williamson and culture minister Tracey Crouch also received the letter.

Royal Yacht Britannia was decommissioned in 1997 by the then-Prime Minister, Tony Blair, on account of its high costs.

Until then, it had been regularly used by the Queen and members of the Royal family on their overseas trips. Over the course of 40 years, it took part in almost 1000 official tours and travelled over a million miles at sea.

The MPs called on ministers to “right the wrong” of Labour’s decision on the vessel, saying: “As we leave the European Union, there has never been a better time to consider how Britain projects herself on the world stage.

“We believe that now is the time to commission a new Royal Yacht Britannia as a new symbol of global Britain, designed and built domestically to showcase the best of UK shipbuilding and industry, and as a platform for promoting trade.”

_______________

Read more:

Brexit to turn British passports blue

British firms fear fate worse than Brexit

Year in Review: Populism was on the march in 2017

_______________

It added: “Our country needs and deserves a floating Royal Palace that can be used to host meetings and exhibitions to showcase the best of British business and project our humanitarian role across the globe.”

The letter insisted that the replacement vessel would not add a burden to departmental budgets, thanks to the proposal to establish a new national lottery to help pay for it. “It would be the people of the UK through the unique funding method who would have the pride of having a stake in her,” it said.

The note was signed by four former ministers, including Andrew Murrison, a former defence minister, and Anne-Marie Trevelyan, a Parliamentary private secretary in the defence department. It was written by Conservative MP Craig Mackinlay, who was previously a member of the UK Independence Party.

The campaign was supported by Anthony Morrow, the last captain of HMY Britannia, who said: “A new initiative for a Royal Yacht to replace Britannia is to be warmly welcomed and it would be wonderful to see this come about.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0003011-f88885384661a315eb2f37125158daa8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001621 00000000000 014605  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        TREASURE ISLAND — A Florida man was charged with aggravated battery after whacking a visiting tourist with a shovel in a dispute over digging at the beach.



WTSP-TV reported Sunday that 53-year-old Christopher Carosella from Tampa argued with 18-year old Christian Geis over a large hole he had dug.



Carosella on Friday evening allegedly got upset when the Lexington, Ky., teenager refused to comply with his order to stop digging.



Drew Geis, Christian's father, told the station that 45 minutes later, Carosella took the shovel his son had left on the beach and then attacked him when he was walking back to his hotel room.



The station reported the Treasure Island Police Department said Carosella struck Christian Geis twice, causing bruising and abrasions.



The station said that Carosella was later released from the Pinellas County Jail on a $2,500 bond. Court records do not list an attorney.                                                                                                               0003363-fd4e1f2d6405e0819d843fb25ab57e3e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007162 00000000000 015173  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Anthony Rapp, a cast member in the original Broadway production of Rent and actor on Star Trek: Discovery, recounted a 1986 party at Kevin Spacey’s house that ended with Spacey making unwanted advances on the 14-year-old Broadway star, according to an interview with BuzzFeed.

Rapp explained how he met Spacey at a celebratory Broadway event in New York in 1986, and how their subsequent encounters culminated in an invitation to a party Spacey was hosting, which Rapp “gladly” attended alone. Spacey’s true intentions became clear later when the rest of the party guests had left, and Rapp was alone in a bedroom. According to the interview with Buzzfeed,

He went, gladly, and alone. Rapp said he honestly cannot recall what he told his mother — who died from cancer in 1997 — about the party, but he stressed that the idea of him attending a party held by an adult Broadway actor did not seem like a cause for concern. “I imagine that I might be opening my poor late mother up to some criticisms for how she parented, but, you know, it was a different era,” he said. “I went to work by myself. I would walk to the subway, and go to the theater by myself.”

When he arrived at Spacey’s apartment, Rapp quickly realized that he was the only nonadult there — which, again, did not worry him, since he so often had found himself in similar situations as a child actor. The bigger issue: “I didn’t know anyone,” he said. “And I was quickly kind of bored.”

Rapp said he ended up wandering into the bedroom, sitting on the edge of the bed, and watching TV well past midnight.

At some point, Rapp said he turned to see Spacey standing at the bedroom door. And that’s when he first realized that everyone else had left the party. They were alone.

“My memory was that I thought, Oh, everybody’s gone. Well, yeah, I should probably go home,” Rapp said. Spacey, he recalled, “sort of stood in the doorway, kind of swaying. My impression when he came in the room was that he was drunk.” Rapp doesn’t remember Spacey saying anything to him. Instead, Rapp said, “He picked me up like a groom picks up the bride over the threshold. But I don’t, like, squirm away initially, because I’m like, ‘What’s going on?’ And then he lays down on top of me.”

“He was trying to seduce me,” Rapp said. “I don’t know if I would have used that language. But I was aware that he was trying to get with me sexually.”

Rapp recalled this all happening — Spacey appearing at the door, coming into the room, picking him up, and putting him on the bed — in one clumsy action, with Spacey landing at a slight angle on top of him. He said Spacey “was, like, pressing into me,” and that he remembers Spacey “tightening his arms.” But while he can’t recall exactly how long Spacey remained on top of him, Rapp said he was able to “squirm” away after a short period.

“It was a frozen moment,” Rapp said of the entire encounter, with a deep, exasperated sigh. “In terms of fight or flight or freeze, I tend to freeze.”

After pushing Spacey off him, Rapp remembered he was able to step into the bathroom and close the door. “I was like, ‘What is happening?’” he said. “I saw on the counter next to the sink a picture of him having his arm around a man. So I think on some level I was like, Oh. He’s gay. I guess.Then I opened the door, and I was like, ‘OK, I’m going to go home now.’ He followed me to the front door of the apartment, and as I opened the door to leave, he was leaning on the front door[frame]. And he was like, ‘Are you sure you wanna go?’ I said, ‘Yes, good night,’ and then I did leave.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0003420-392cfc7ea49f7da829132634c0d25525.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004642 00000000000 014747  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Paul Hawthorne / Getty

"One more book." Those are the words Anne Rice fans have been dying to hear about the Vampire Chronicles ever since her shocking  and dismaying to many of his followers  turn to religious writing. Long seen as a committed atheist, four years ago the best-selling author drove a stake through the hearts of her followers when she vowed to abandon her sinister stories and instead write only of the Lord.

Turns out, vampires aren't that easy to kill. In an interview with TIME, the best-selling author of Interview with the Vampire and The Queen of the Damned has revealed that she plans to write one last book about Lestat, the feared yet beloved blood-sucking main character in her gothic novel series. "When I published my first book about the Lord I said I would never write about those characters again," Rice acknowledged. "But I have one more book that I would really like to write. It will be a story that I need to tell."

Upon returning to the church after a more than three-decade absence, the author in 2005 dramatically and publicly declared that she would never again return to writing about vampires. Said Rice in an interview with Christianity Today: "I would never go back, not even if they say you will be financially ruined. I would be a fool for all eternity to turn my back on God like that."

But never say never. While Rice justifies her decision by saying the book will have a definite Christian framework and a focus on the theme of redemption, she admits that the future chronicle will once again involve the character Lestat and a fictional organization known as the Talamaska that is responsible for investigating the supernatural. Much like the author herself, Lestat will be wrestling with the existence of God throughout the story. "I don't see it as a violation of my promise, because I won't be writing about vampires in the same way," Rice maintains.

Still, it is difficult to see it as anything but a change of heart. Rice says her next book will be a continuation of her multi-part series chronicling Jesus Christ's life; the second novel in that saga, Christ the Lord: The Road to Cana, comes out March 4. She plans to write a third installment in that series before tackling what she now claims to be her final vampire book. For a prolific author who writes a book approximately every 15 months, that means it may be at least another three years before we once again see blood dripping off her pages.                                                                                              0003321-ce18ee675cf3cc7b2f992fd5e3ed0848.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010054 00000000000 015343  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        This anti-intellectualism is antediluvian. No wonder a 2009 Pew Research Center report found that only 6 percent of scientists identified as Republican and 9 percent identified as conservative.

Furthermore, a 2005 study found that just 11 percent of college professors identified as Republican and 15 percent identified as conservative. Some argue that this simply represents a liberal bias in academia. But just as strong a case could be made that people who absorb facts easily don’t suffer fools gladly.

Last month, Gov. Bobby Jindal of Louisiana , the chairman of the Republican Governors Association, said on CNN:

“We need to stop being the dumb party. We need to offer smart, conservative, intelligent ideas and policies.”

This is exactly the kind of turn the Republicans need to take, but Jindal’s rhetoric doesn’t completely line up with his record. As The Scotsman of Edinburgh reported in June, “Pupils attending privately run Christian schools in the southern state of Louisiana will learn from textbooks next year, which claim Scotland ’s most famous mythological beast is a living creature.” That mythological beast would be the Loch Ness monster.

The Scotsman continued: “Thousands of children are to receive publicly funded vouchers enabling them to attend the schools — which follow a strict fundamentalist curriculum. The Accelerated Christian Education (ACE) programme teaches controversial religious beliefs, aimed at disproving evolution and proving creationism. Youngsters will be told that if it can be proved that dinosaurs walked the Earth at the same time as man, then Darwinism is fatally flawed.”

Photo

This is all because of a law that Jindal signed. Thankfully, last week a state judge ruled that the voucher program is unconstitutional. But Louisiana isn’t the only red state where creationism has state support.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

Kentucky has a Creationist Museum that warns visitors to “be prepared to experience history in a completely unprecedented way,” according to its Web site. It continues: “Adam and Eve live in the Garden of Eden. Children play and dinosaurs roam near Eden’s Rivers.” Unprecedented is certainly one word for it.

Now the museum group is planning to build a creationist theme park, with $43 million in state tax incentives. It should be noted that Mitt Romney won Kentucky by 23 points last month. President Obama won only four of Kentucky’s 120 counties.

Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt-out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.

And the beginning of the world isn’t the only point of denial. So is the potential end of it. A March Gallup poll found that Republicans were much less likely than Democrats or independents to say that they worried about global warming. Only 16 percent of Republicans said that they worried a great deal about it, while 42 percent of Democrats and 31 percent of independents did.

This as the National Climatic Data Center reported that “the January-November period was the warmest first 11 months of any year on record for the contiguous United States , and for the entire year, 2012 will most likely surpass the current record (1998, 54.3°F) as the warmest year for the nation.”

Surely some of this is because of party isolationism and extremism and what David Frum, the conservative columnist, called the “conservative entertainment complex.” But there is also willful ignorance at play in some quarters, and Republicans mustn’t simply brush it aside. They must beat it back.

If the Republicans don’t want to see their party go the way of the dinosaurs, they have to step out of the past.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0003276-fa2448a38bfc4846acedce29b0c5b34f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010775 00000000000 015415  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        

(Photo by Malingering via the LAist Featured Photos pool on Flickr)

In order to pay for its pricey plan-of-attack to eradicate homelessness in Los Angeles County, the L.A. County Board of Supervisors is audaciously attempting to place a 'millionaire's tax' on the November ballot for the voters' consideration. The proposed tax would take a half-percent of personal incomes exceeding $1 million annually countywide, and devote the revenue towards funding the county government's 47-point plan for ending homelessness in Los Angeles.

According to a poll conducted for the county government, a whopping 76 percent of L.A. County residents favor the proposed tax on L.A.'s many millionaires. The proposed tax is estimated to produce anywhere from $250 million to $300 million annually. While this isn't enough to fully fund all the programs the county wants to enact to fight homelessness, it's enough to fund significant progress.

Actually getting the proposed tax onto the ballot, however, is far easier said than done. Under present California law, county governments do not have the authority to levy direct income taxes, which the proposed tax fundamentally is. In order to gain the authority to tax income, state lawmakers in both houses of the legislature, as well as Governor Jerry Brown, need to approve the county's proposal. This is a very hard sell, but dozens of county workers and lawmakers are acting quickly to turn the pitch into reality.

Last week, County Supervisor Mark Ridley Thomas visited Sacramento to rally support in the California State Legislature for the proposed amendments. On Wednesday, a coalition of 29 state legislators signed an open letter to the Governor and other top state legislators pressing for the approval of a bill that would grant the L.A. County Board of Supervisors the ability to place the proposed tax on the ballot.

State leaders unite on local "millionaires" tax to #endhomelessness in Los Angeles @SebastianMRT pic.twitter.com/s9SNS2ekrE — Assemblymember SRT (@sridleythomas) June 1, 2016

"I am really grateful for all the support this common sense proposal is generating," said Supervisor Sheila Kuehl in a statement. "We have an unprecedented opportunity to create a sustainable and substantial revenue source to fund our efforts to end homelessness. Legislators and members of the public alike understand that this is the critical time to act."

The timeline, however, is very short. In order for the proposed tax to be placed on the ballot, both houses of the state legislature need to grant permission for L.A. The specific piece of legislation that must be modified is a budget trailer bill that is scheduled to be voted on by the legislature on June 15th. Governor Brown must then approve the bill by June 30th for the county to fulfill ballot filing requirements in early July.

Though L.A. County has approved a strategic plan to combat homelessness across the southland, funding the plan is still largely up in the air. While L.A. County has allocated $100 million specifically for the homelessness cause, the county ultimately lacks a sustainable revenue source to fund anti-poverty and mental health programs long-term. The millionaire's tax is viewed as a sustainable option.

This is a pretty big deal, and represents a rather fundamental, ultimately localizing shift in how local governments could look for revenue in the future. Coincidentally, the board's two Republican supervisors, Don Knabe and Michael Antonovich, do not support the proposed ballot measure. Knabe specifically worries that voters will be bombarded with tax options (for things like parks and transportation) in the voting booth come November. At the same time, authorizing L.A. County to collect income tax sets up a slippery-slope for future funding options.

"The unprecedented ask of the State Legislature to give the County the authority to impose an income tax will open the door to serious unintended consequences in the future. If this proposed measure is approved, the next time the County goes to the State seeking funding for infrastructure or jails, we could be turned away and told to seek the means directly from our residents," said Andrew Veis, Knabe's Assistant Press Deputy, in a statement to LAist.

In the event L.A. County is not granted the authority to collect income tax, the board of supervisors is prepared to explore other options. The most promising second option would be a 1/2 cent sales tax. 68 percent of L.A. County's residents are in favor of that option, 8 percent less than the 76 percent who favor a 'millionaire's tax.'   0003257-685d36fba4cb26c5e676654a2ee52243.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005675 00000000000 015046  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Over two months into President Trump’s administration, some Members of Congress are growing concerned about the administration’s failure to respond to letters requesting information or urging a specific action, a common tool Congress uses to conduct oversight. In March, Democratic Members of Congress catalogued 107 letters they had sent to the executive branch that have not been answered. Republican Senator Chuck Grassley (IA) has on multiple occasions sought to draw the White House’s attention to his unanswered letters through Twitter. On February 12, he ended a tweet with an all capital-letters demand: “WH: ANSWER MY LETTER.” An earlier Grassley tweet in January asked President Trump to order all agencies to respond to requests for records by any Senator.

Congress is often frustrated with the speed of agency responses regardless of administration. And agencies typically do not respond as rapidly to Members of Congress in the minority party, currently Democrats, who often lack subpoena power and other leverage to compel agencies to turn over documents.

Some argue the Trump administration simply doesn’t view government oversight as a priority. “These findings confirm what many feared: The Trump Administration has little regard for transparent government,” Representative John Sarbanes (D-MD) said in a statement.

During the Obama years, Congress also vocally complained about being slow-rolled, although then it was typically Republicans saying that it took months to get answers.

Exacerbating the problem, the Trump administration has not filled most of the senior Congressional affairs positions in agencies. The positions provide leadership and direction for how agencies prioritize and respond to Congress on issues ranging from minor constituent issues to high-profile scandals. Trump has nominated someone for only one of the 13 Senate-confirmed leadership positions, according to a ProPublica tally. But the staffing problems go well beyond just 13 leadership positions. For instance, ProPublica highlights how the Department of Labor’s website used to list almost two dozen political appointees staffing the Office of Congressional and Intergovernmental Affairs. Now it lists none. President Trump told Fox News in February that “A lot of those jobs, I don’t want to appoint, because they’re unnecessary to have.” While Trump was not specifically referring to these offices, it is likely that they will continue to go vacant, and Congress’s inquiries will continue to go unanswered.

Congressional oversight is critically important. As Senator Grassley recently tweeted to President Trump: “OVERSIGHT is same as CHECK AND BALANCES u studied in 8th grade civics in chapter on US Constitution (message for executive branch).”

The Project On Government Oversight urges the Trump administration to quickly fill vacant Congressional affairs positions, and to rise above his predecessor’s example by responding promptly to Congress’s letters.                                                                   0003337-a8d99c0ca8887a09ccf77d441e1397b2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011275 00000000000 015133  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Former US President Barack Obama is planning on meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi during an upcoming visit to the two countries where he is scheduled to speak at various summits.

Mr Obama is scheduled to first make a stop in China, and then India, before flying to Paris, a spokesperson for the former president told The Hill.

The overseas trip was first reported by the Times of India last week, which noted that Mr Obama will be attending an Obama Foundation event in December.

We’ll tell you what’s true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.

The forty-fourth president’s trip to India will come on the heels of first daughter Ivanka Trump’s visit to the same country. President Donald Trump recently finished a five-nation tour of Asia, when he met both Mr Xi and Mr Modi. Ms Trump, who is also a White House adviser, recently met with Mr Modi during during her trip at the eight Global Entrepreneurship Summit in Hyderabad.

“It was an honour to meet with you Prime Minister Modi. Thank you for co-hosting the 8th annual Global Entrepreneurship Summit!” Ms Trump wrote on Twitter after the summit, where she had spoken about women entrepreneurs.

Since leaving the White House earlier this year, Mr Obama has broken from recent tradition for outgoing presidents to wade into political debates facing the nation.

Shape Created with Sketch. Protest in Manila against Donald Trump's visit to the Philippines Show all 14 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. Protest in Manila against Donald Trump's visit to the Philippines 1/14 Riot police block protesters during a rally near the US embassy AFP/Getty Images 2/14 Protesters shout slogans while displaying portraits of U.S. President Donald Trump and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte AP 3/14 Activists clash with riot police EPA 4/14 Protesters burn a banner of Donald Trump AFP/Getty Images 5/14 Protesters against Donald Trump's visit AP 6/14 Protesters deface portraits of Donald Trump and Rodrigo Duterte AP 7/14 Protesters clash with anti-riot police officers as they try to march towards the U.S. embassy REUTERS 8/14 A mural bearing the image of Donald Trump and Rodrigo Duterte is burnt REUTERS 9/14 Activists march on a road leading to the US embassy during a protest in Manila EPA 10/14 Protesters scuffle with riot police AFP/Getty Images 11/14 Protesters shout anti-US slogans as they burn a banner featuring the image of US President Donald Trump AFP/Getty Images 12/14 Activists clash with riot police EPA 13/14 Protesters display placards as they shout anti-US slogans AFP/Getty Images 14/14 Anti-riot police officers block protesters REUTERS 1/14 Riot police block protesters during a rally near the US embassy AFP/Getty Images 2/14 Protesters shout slogans while displaying portraits of U.S. President Donald Trump and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte AP 3/14 Activists clash with riot police EPA 4/14 Protesters burn a banner of Donald Trump AFP/Getty Images 5/14 Protesters against Donald Trump's visit AP 6/14 Protesters deface portraits of Donald Trump and Rodrigo Duterte AP 7/14 Protesters clash with anti-riot police officers as they try to march towards the U.S. embassy REUTERS 8/14 A mural bearing the image of Donald Trump and Rodrigo Duterte is burnt REUTERS 9/14 Activists march on a road leading to the US embassy during a protest in Manila EPA 10/14 Protesters scuffle with riot police AFP/Getty Images 11/14 Protesters shout anti-US slogans as they burn a banner featuring the image of US President Donald Trump AFP/Getty Images 12/14 Activists clash with riot police EPA 13/14 Protesters display placards as they shout anti-US slogans AFP/Getty Images 14/14 Anti-riot police officers block protesters REUTERS

That has included making a public statement about immigration after Mr Trump announced that he would suspend the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. Mr Obama’s administration developed that programme, which gave temporary deportation relief for young undocumented immigrants who came to the United States when they were young.

Mr Obama has also blasted Republicans since leaving office after they unveiled proposals to repeal his signature healthcare law, the Affordable Care Act, and has critiqued Mr Trump for pulling the United States out of the Paris Climate Change Accord.

We’ll tell you what’s true. You can form your own view.

At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That’s why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.

Subscribe now                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003358-ceb5ba6a352bd9fa85a6e4d0c5787459.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003227 00000000000 015263  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE regained a double-digit lead over likely general-election rival Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE in a new poll released Friday.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Reuters/Ipsos poll shows Clinton leading Trump 47 percent to 33 percent. Another 20 percent said they wouldn't support either candidate.

A RealClearPolitics polling average shows Clinton leading Trump 45 percent to 39 percent.

Trump's slip in the polls comes after federal filings showed he has raised surprisingly little money for a presumptive presidential candidate.

Campaign finance disclosures released earlier this week showed Trump's campaign finished May with just $1.3 million in the bank and raised $3.1 million.

Clinton raised $28.28 million in May and has more than $42 million cash on hand.

Trump's campaign responded to those reports by upping its calls for online donations, and Trump has tried to reassure voters that he and the Republican National Committee have raised "millions" in the past few weeks.

The poll was conducted online and included 1,201 likely voters in all 50 states. It has a margin of error of 3.3 percentage points.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0003295-9a2542068822028e360b65fad3e8c619.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004607 00000000000 014620  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The U.K. lawyer for the enigmatic founder of WikiLeaks, Julian Assange, says his client is preparing to meet with police.

WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is arranging to meet with the police, according to his U.K. lawyer. ((Lennart Preiss/Associated Press))

Mark Stephens told BBC television that he and his client "are in the process of making arrangements to meet with the police by consent in order to facilitate the taking of that question-and-answer that's needed."

A European arrest warrant for the Australian-born fugitive behind the controversial whistleblowing website reached Scotland Yard on Monday.

Assange, who is reportedly in hiding in Britain, is wanted by Swedish prosecutors in connection with allegations of rape and sexual molestation involving two women. He has rejected the accusations as part of a smear campaign against him.

WikiLeaks has so far released hundreds of secret U.S. diplomatic cables and correspondences to selected media, embarrassing world leaders and prompting allegations that their publication could compromise some nations' security.

The site is believed to possess as many as 250,000 such cables and similar documents.

Nothing stopping Assange from returning to Australia

No details were offered about when police and Assange might sit down for questioning about the allegations. Meanwhile, the Swiss post office's financial arm, Postfinance, cut off Assange's bank account on Monday, reasoning that the "Australian citizen provided false information regarding his place of residence during the account opening process."

An undetermined amount of money will be returned to Assange, Postfinance spokesman Alex Josty told The Associated Press.

"That's his money; he will get his money back," Josty said. "We just close the account."

The Swiss account has been a key fundraising tool to keep WikiLeaks online and had euro 31,000 ($41,400 Cdn) in it, according to The Associated Press, citing Assange's law firm.

Australia's attorney-general, Robert McClelland, has said there is nothing barring Assange from returning home, and he is "entitled" to obtaining consular assistance.

"Mr. Assange, like every Australian citizen, has rights, and nothing is stopping him from coming home to Australia," McClelland said, according to his spokesman.

But McClelland also cautioned that Australian authorities would be obligated to co-operate with the international investigations into Assange.                                                                                                                         0003416-1e7780caad0442321311d14b8669243b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006215 00000000000 014561  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        River Song took her time coming around.

Still finding herself lying atop Lethbridge-Stewart's desk, she gave a lazy smile.

She pulled the Brigadier's greatcoat to closer around her as she propped herself up on one elbow.

"Doctor? You still there, sweetie?"

"I'm right here, Ms. Song."

She looked up, to find in her astonishment that the Doctor was already fully clothed, engaged in straightening out one of those fantastic lace cuffs.

She smirked at him. "I swear, only you would call me 'Ms.' anything after what we just did.""

He gave her a kindly and debonair smile, and nodded to a pile of clothes at the foot of the desk.

"I trust you will have those cleaned and back in place before Alistair notices his dress uniform is gone."

She sat up, letting the greatcoat fall away. "Always the fastidious one."

"Excuse me?"

She surprised herself, and nodded meekly. "Yes, Doctor."

He looked at the pile, then back to her. "Oh, I'm sorry. You were wearing those when I came in, weren't you?"

She winked at him, and grabbed her purse. "Not to worry, sweetie."

She pulled out a small case, opened it, and pulled out a slinky black dress and matching heels.

"I can't let you wear that here, you know," said the Doctor. "Not after the ruckus you stirred up last time." He produced a large packet and handed it to her.

She ripped it open to find a a UNIT female officer's uniform. "Thoughtful," she said. "Won't I look kind of frumpy, though?"

He just smiled and shook his head. "Try it on."

She pulled on the various pieces, then checked the fit. It was perfectly tailored, showing off every curve and nuance, while still being completely military and professional.

"I like it," she said. She grinned "I don't think this will create any less of a sensation, though."

The Doctor shrugged. "I can but try."

She gathered the scattered pieces of the Brigadier's abused dress uniform with his help, and was out the door beside him as he left.

"You should have seen number eleven," she said. "He was so-"

"No spoilers," he said. "I know you've been with my... later selves as well, but I will not hear any more."

He handed her a leather diary, embossed with the TARDIS.

"Any time you feel like telling me about a future event, I suggest writing it in here instead. It should help you keep track of you are on my personal timeline as well."

She smiled as she accepted it, riffling through the pages. She then frowned in concern

"Why... why don't any of them remember us?"

"Regeneration trauma, I expect," he said. "Great swaths of knowledge, lost to us all."

He stared off, a troubled frown on his face.

She looked around. "So, Jo-"

"We had an agreement not to speak of her," he said.

"Sorry. Still on vacation, I presume?"

"Yes. Oh, I almost forgot!" He reached into his pocket and produced a small parcel. "The devices I said I would make for you," he said, handing it to her.

She looked affronted. "I'd only wanted training on TARDIS piloting. He's too busy."

"I see. My own TARDIS is not functional at the moment, but perhaps I could drill you on the controls."

At her outburst of giggles, his gloved hand smacked her firmly on the rump. "You know what I meant!"

"But later?"

"Perhaps."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003344-8ffdb29931ea31a62bb280c3e2b38bf8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003341 00000000000 015236  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Still, some of the marchers remained wary of the new president.

Kathleen Crank, 19, a sophomore at Benedictine College in Atchison, Kan., traveled on a five bus caravan of 260 students to come to the march. She said she was happy to have a president who would oppose abortion but wasn’t excited about much else about Mr. Trump. She said she waited until the last minute and decided not to vote for either him or Hillary Clinton.

“Their stance on abortion is probably the only issue I’m glad about for this administration,” she said. “I’m glad that after eight years of reading Obama’s tweets celebrating Roe v. Wade, I’m glad we finally have an administration that is recognizing we need to cut funding for abortions in other countries and bringing it back down to the state level.”

Ms. Crank also said she saw abortions as less about religion than about preserving the rights of unborn children. “It’s more a social justice issue for unborn babies than a religious one to push an agenda,” she said. “Everyone should be able to live their life and live it however they want to.”

Annette Saunders, 60, drove five hours with her husband from Norwalk, Conn., to volunteer with Save the Storks, a group that opposes abortion, and to hand out signs that said, “For those who can’t.” Though she voted for Mr. Trump, Ms. Saunders said she agonized over the decision because she found him to be “crass” and was frustrated by the tape of him using vulgarities to talk about women.

“I was concerned but I felt like God told me to vote for Donald Trump,” she said. “He is standing up for pro-life and his vice president certainly is and I’m excited about seeing a turnaround.”

Young voters say why they turned to Trump                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0003419-738bb5bc32e7d53430e535fc32a0fb0b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016454 00000000000 015154  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Will batteries ever be able to compete with the stored power of gasoline?

In the early 1970s, the research arm of Exxon hired a promising young engineer named Michael Stanley Whittingham and asked him to invent something—anything—that could reduce the company’s dependence on crude oil. Whittingham and a team holed up at an Exxon R & D lab in New Jersey, and, as engineers are wont to do, started mixing together chemicals to see what would happen. When they injected potassium into the rare metal tantalum, they noticed something extraordinary—the resulting mixture had an extremely high capacity to store energy.

Over the next few months they continued tinkering with various metals. Whittingham’s team replaced tantalum with titanium, and because potassium was hazardous to work with, they switched it for lithium. When they were done, Whittingham raced to Exxon’s headquarters to report to the board that they’d created something amazing. It was the first lithium-based battery that worked at room temperature, and it had the potential to upend the entire energy business.

Of course, that didn’t happen. Soon came a recession, an oil glut, and the election of Ronald Reagan, which ended a great deal of government funding for research into advanced energy projects. Exxon licensed Whittingham’s battery technology and closed off the division. And for a while, the dream of a perfect battery that could replace gasoline was, once again, dead.

This is how it goes in the battery business. As Seth Fletcher, a senior editor at Popular Science, recounts in his engaging new book Bottled Lightning: Superbatteries, Electric Cars, and the New Lithium Economy, scientists have been trying to build a better battery since before the days of Thomas Edison (who was a major battery tinkerer himself). (Disclosure: Fletcher and I share the same literary agent.) If we had batteries that matched the price and performance of fossil fuels, we would not only have cleaner cars, but we might be able to remake much of the rest of the nation’s energy infrastructure, too. Wind and solar power are generated intermittently—sometimes the wind doesn’t blow and the sun doesn’t shine—and batteries can moderate that volatility. Stores of batteries placed in the electric grid could collect energy when the sun shines or when the wind blows and then discharge it when we need it. Not to put too fine a point on it, but you might say that the future of the world depends on better batteries—a better battery would alter geopolitics, mitigate the disasters of climate change, and spur a new economic boom.

But a better battery doesn’t seem to be in the offing anytime soon. As Fletcher explains, physics, politics, and the price of gasoline have always conspired against the improvement of battery technology. Fletcher’s book is hopeful—he investigates a number of promising technologies that might theoretically challenge the dominance of fossil fuels. But many of them are a long way from fruition, and the history of failure in the battery industry doesn’t inspire confidence. We might get a better battery someday, and if we do it will probably come from China, which has become the hub of advanced energy production. But don’t hold your breath.

The fundamental problem with batteries is the existence of gasoline. Oil is cheap, abundant, and relatively easy to transport. Most importantly, it has a high “energy density”—meaning that it’s phenomenally good at storing energy for its weight. Today’s best lithium-ion batteries can hold about 200 watt-hours per kilogram—a measure of energy density—and they might theoretically be able to store about 400 watt-hours per kilogram. Gasoline has a density equivalent of around 13,000 watt-hours per kilogram.

The only reason electric cars might one day compete with cars that rely on internal combustion is that gasoline engines are highly inefficient; nearly all of the energy stored in gasoline is lost to heat. But gasoline makes up for that flaw with another advantage: When your car’s out of gas, you can refill it in a few minutes. With today’s electrical infrastructure, batteries need many hours to recharge. There’s some hope that we might one day install fast-charging stations across the country, but the researchers Fletcher interviews point out that this is a daunting challenge. The battery in today’s Tesla roadster needs about four hours to charge. If you wanted to charge that battery in 15 minutes, you’d need a 200-kilowatt electric substation feeding the charging station. “Your house takes 1 kilowatt,” one expert tells Fletcher. “If you want to have something like a gasoline fuel station that is all electrical, you’re talking about multimegawatts of power at that station. And I just don’t see that happening.”

Neither do I. So what’s the answer? Fletcher’s book ends with a look at the most far-out research in the battery world—the lithium-air battery. In this design, lithium and carbon combine with oxygen from the air to form a system with a staggering potential to store energy. In theory, the lithium-air battery could store 11,000 watt-hours per kilogram, which makes it, Fletcher says, “the best chance battery scientists have to beat gasoline.” A lithium-air battery could allow a car to drive 500 miles before recharging. With that range, you wouldn’t need a nationwide system of quick-charging stations. You could drive pretty much wherever you wanted all day, and then recharge your car at night.

But lithium-air is the cold fusion of the battery world—a would-be game-changer that has the unfortunate downside of being impossible to achieve (probably). Researchers have been working at lithium-air for decades, but there are a number of challenges to overcome before such a battery might be commercially viable. For one thing, the system uses lithium metal, which is highly, explosively reactive with water. (In a lithium-ion battery, lithium is combined with another element in the cathode, and it is also present as a salt that’s dissolved in a solution.) * Water, of course, is present in the air, so the very idea of a battery that mixes lithium metal with air has always seemed little more than a fantasy. Fletcher reports that the fantasy has become slightly more real lately. A company called PolyPlus has developed a way to coat lithium metal to protect it from moisture, and IBM has launched a research project aimed at building a lithium-air battery.

But with every advance, there’s another hurdle. PolyPlus’s innovation makes the lithium metal in a lithium-air battery easy to recharge, but nobody knows, yet, how to recharge such a battery. Figuring that out seems destined to take many more years. The chief technology officer of PolyPlus tells Fletcher that it will be “a long time before you see battery packs that are large enough and proven and tested enough that you would start thinking about transportation.”

That’s the paradox of battery research. Advanced batteries could well solve many of the problems that dog us today. But they’ll only come about many, many years from now—and by then, it could be too late.

Correction, June 22, 2011: This article originally included an incorrect description of the components of lithium-ion batteries. The batteries include lithium both in the cathode and as part of a salt solution. (Return to the corrected sentence.)                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0003348-f51e409472e714a8145688535411089d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016557 00000000000 014417  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Everyone in politics bends the truth. But some do it more than others. Here is a list of five memes gun-control advocates continue to propagate despite their dubious validity.

1. 40 Percent of Guns are Sold without Background Checks

From New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg to President Obama to Vice President Biden, they’ve all mentioned the “40 percent” figure with respect to the number of gun transactions that are conducted without a background check.

“The law already requires licensed gun dealers to run background checks, and over the last 14 years that’s kept 1.5 million of the wrong people from getting their hands on a gun, said President Obama during a speech on Jan. 16, 2013.

“But it’s hard to enforce that law when as many as 40 percent of all gun purchases are conducted without a background check.”

In a previous Guns.com article, I investigated this issue in-depth. What was the conclusion? Well, if one accepts the findings of economist John Lott Jr., then as he said in his write up on the issue, “We don’t know the precise number today, but it is hard to believe that it is above single digits.”

However, if one believes that Lott is unfairly biased, that he leans too far to the pro-gun side, then one can consider the Washington Post’s analysis of that 40 percent figure:

In other words, rather than being 30 to 40 percent (the original estimate of the range) or “up to 40 percent” (Obama’s words), gun purchases without background checks amounted to 14 to 22 percent. And since the survey sample is so small, that means the results have a survey caveat: plus or minus six percentage points.

2. Gun ownership is on the decline in America

Almost every pro-gun control advocate contends that gun ownership in the U.S. is on the decline. And they all point to the same research to substantiate that claim, the bi-annual General Social Survey (GSS) conducted by the National Opinion Research Center at the University of Chicago.

However, the matter is far from settled. There’s plenty of anecdotal evidence to suggest gun ownership is on the rise – the number of FBI background checks has skyrocketed, studies indicate that more women are embracing gun ownership, gun dealers testifying to how crazy business has been in recent years – but perhaps the most convincing evidence is the Gallup Poll, which suggests that there has been no consistent decline in gun ownership (see chart below for comparison in poll findings).

3. If you own a gun, you’re more likely to have it used against you than you are to use it in a self-defense situation

There is one very big, glaring issue with this claim. That is, the number of Defensive Gun Uses (DGU) per year is unknown. What’s DGU? It’s the use of a firearm in self-defense or in defense of others.

Obviously, this happens all the time. Law-abiding citizens use or brandish or fire a gun to protect their property or to thwart off a potential attacker, burglar, rapist, etc. But determining how many times a year this actually happens is a subject of much debate amongst social scientists and criminologists because frequently DGUs go unreported to police, e.g. if one shows a gun to defuse a situation, does that person always file a police report?

That said, on the high end, criminologist Gary Kleck at Florida State University estimates that it’s as high as 2.5 million DGUs per year. On the lower end of the spectrum, the National Crime Victimization Survey (NCVS) puts that number at about 100,000 DGUs per year.

The point is simply that without knowing this key variable to the equation how can anyone argue that one is more likely to be shot or injured by his/her own weapon than they are to use that firearm in a self-defense situation? What number of annual DGU are pro-gun control advocates factoring in to make this claim?

4. An assault weapons ban would significantly reduce gun violence

The 2013 Assault Weapons Ban is the brainchild of Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA). The purpose of the law, which bans all sorts of modern sporting rifles and standard capacity magazines that hold more than 10 rounds, is to “save lives.”

“This is something I’m deeply passionate about, and I believe it saves lives,” Feinstein has said regarding her AWB. “I don’t intend to stop.”

Well, as numerous government departments have pointed out in the past (Centers for Disease Control, National Review Council, the Department of Justice and the National Institute of Justice) the Clinton-Era AWB had a negligible effect on crime rates.

More recently, the Deputy Director of the National Institute of Justice, Greg Ridgeway wrote the following with respect to ‘assault weapons’ in his internal DOJ memo, “Summary of Select Firearm Violence Prevention Strategies” that was accidentally leaked to the public.

Assault weapons are not a major contributor to gun crime. The existing stock of assault weapons is large, undercutting the effectiveness of bans with exemptions … a complete elimination of assault weapons would not have a large impact on gun homicides … Since assault weapons are not a major contributor to U.S. gun homicide and the existing stock of guns is large, an assault weapon ban is unlikely to have an impact on gun violence. If coupled with a gun buyback and no exemptions then it could be effective.

Put quite simply, unless there’s outright confiscation via a government “buyback” program (aka federal agents going door-to-door to round up everyone’s guns), an AWB will do nothing to reduce gun-related violence – and even then, there’s no guarantee.

5. “We don’t want to take your guns”

Every major pitch for gun control is shrouded with words like “reasonable” and “common sense” and false assurances like, “We don’t want to take your guns” or “We strongly support the Second Amendment.”

Seriously? Do gun-control proponents really believe this? Then I ask them to please explain the following quotes:

“What we need to do is change the way in which people think about guns, especially young people, and make it something that’s not cool, that it’s not acceptable, it’s not hip to carry a gun anymore, in the way in which we’ve changed our attitudes about cigarettes.” – Attorney General Eric Holder at the Women’s National Democratic Club, Jan. 30, 1995.

“If I could have gotten 51 votes in the Senate of the United States for an out-right ban, picking up every one of them… ‘Mr. and Mrs. America, turn ’em all in,’ I would have done it. I could not do that. The votes weren’t here.” – Sen. Feinstein on CBS-TV’s “60 Minutes,” February 5, 1995.

Also, please explain the half-dozen or so confiscatory gun laws that have been introduced in the past few months. Here’s some language from a Missouri/Minnesota Bill. If this AWB passes, law-abiding gun owners would be faced with the following options.

(1) Remove the assault weapon or large capacity magazine from the state of Missouri; (2) Render the assault weapon permanently inoperable; or (3) Surrender the assault weapon or large capacity magazine to the appropriate law enforcement agency for destruction, subject to specific agency regulations. [..] 5. Unlawful manufacture, import, possession, purchase, sale, or transfer of an assault weapon or a large capacity magazine is a class C felony.

If you ask me, that’s a strange way to prove to gun owners that they’re not really trying to take our lawfully owned firearms.                                                                                                                                                 0003423-f44b7bb6fd502e529bfb58301d965cb5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013015 00000000000 015162  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        CLOSE President Trump is standing by what he told Russian diplomats in an Oval Office meeting, but it wasn't so long ago that he railed against intelligence leaks. USA TODAY

President Trump and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, Oval Office, Washington, May 10, 2017. (Photo: Russian Foreign Ministry handout via AFP)

On Monday night, the question of the hour was did he do it? Did President Trump reveal codeword secrets (some of the most sensitive information that the U.S. government possesses) to the Russian foreign minister and ambassador?

In truth there was never much doubt that The Washington Post éxposé was accurate, given its depth of detail. If The Post got it wrong, why would security officials ask reporters to withhold details about the intelligence in question? But the White House felt compelled to send out national security adviser H.R. McMaster and his deputy, Dina Powell, to issue a non-denial denial, labeling the story false but disputing only assertions that ThePost didn't make — for example insisting that Trump hadn't blown any ongoing military operations. Intelligence operations, well that's different. Only Fox News was convinced.

Then on Tuesday, having put his aides out on a limb, Trump sawed it off. In a series of tweets, he admitted that yes he had shared the information with the Russians but claimed it was proper to do so.

In a legal sense he's right: The president can declassify anything he wants. But in a larger moral and strategic sense, Trump committed a horrifying blunder that puts at risk at least one vital U.S. intelligence-sharing relationship (and likely more than one), threatens the life of a human asset, and ultimately endangers U.S. security by potentially cutting off valuable streams of intelligence about terrorist planning by the Islamic State of Iraq an Syria terrorist group.

Now the question is, why did he do it? I think there are three answers: Trump is boastful, ignorant, and inclined to see the Russians as friends rather than enemies. Let's unpack those.

If ThePost account is accurate, Trump's disclosure to the Russians came in the context of a boast about how great his intelligence is. Good thing he didn't feel compelled to brag about how quickly he can launch nuclear missiles!

This is of course a pattern with Trump, a man-child who is in desperate, endless need of approbation. He turned this neediness into a successful business strategy because his brand of braggadocio served him well in real estate and reality TV. It is, however, anathema for his current job, in which he must deal with the nation’s most sensitive secrets and measure his words carefully so as not to create diplomatic incidents or even a war by accident. His over-the-top talk has already ramped up tensions, not only with adversaries such as North Korea but also with allies such as Mexico, Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom, among others.

This bring us to the second reason for Trump's blunder: He has no idea how government works. He is the first president never to have worked in either the civilian or military branches of the government. And amazingly enough he made no attempt to educate himself about policy before he ran for president, probably because he never expected that he would win.

Now he is president and he desperately needs to educate himself about the most powerful job in the world. For a start he needs to learn the very stringent rules for the handling of codeword secrets, which are so sensitive they may be known to only a dozen people in the entire government. But he has a short attention span and an inability to read long documents, combined with a boundless faith in his own ability to improvise and come up with the right answer on the spur of the moment. Hence his latest blunder — and many others.

POLICING THE USA: A look at race, justice, media

The final explanation lies in Trump’s benign view of Russia as a potential partner rather than a dangerous adversary. He is willing to share more intelligence with the Kremlin than we share with South Korea, France, or Germany. But then, he has had more critical comments about those countries than he has ever had about Russia. Indeed he consistently praises Vladimir Putin as a strong leader and even defends him from well-founded charges that he murders critics.

What accounts for Trump's Russophilia? That is, to paraphrase Winston Churchill, a riddle, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma. Could it be that Trump simply likes strongmen like Putin? Is he financially dependent on Russian oligarchs? Does Putin have some kind of compromising information that can be used to blackmail him? Is he grateful that Russia helped to elect him? Those are the questions the FBI is probing, and Trump fired FBI Director James Comey to, by his own admission, try to bring that investigation to a close. Perhaps Trump’s relationship with Russia is entirely innocent, but he is certainly acting like he's guilty of something.

However, for purposes of explaining the disclosure, we don't have to posit that Trump is a Russian agent. More likely, if hardly reassuring, is that he is simply an ignorant braggart who is unprepared for the presidency.

Max Boot, a member of USA TODAY’s Board of Contributors, is a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations. Follow him on Twitter: @maxboot

You can read diverse opinions from our Board of Contributors and other writers on the Opinion front page, on Twitter @USATOpinion and in our daily Opinion newsletter. To respond to a column, submit a comment to letters@usatoday.com.

Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2rmyy1q                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003403-d921c545975143c3539da3b7614cf491.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002451 00000000000 014606  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In 1992, the 400th richest person in America made $24 million.

In 2007, the 400th richest person in America made $138 million (or $87 million, inflation-adjusted).

Now, that almost certainly wasn't the same guy. There's a lot of churn at the top of the money pyramid. In all of the 1990s, only 25% of the Fortunate 400 made more than one appearance. But the overall message is the same. The rich keeping getting richer.



According to the IRS, which recently released 2009 data from the 400 richest individual income tax returns, the real runaway growth in wealth has come from capital gains. In the last years of the bubble, the "Fortunate 400" made nearly half their income from capital gains (a.k.a.: profit from the rising value of an investment, such as stocks or property) and less than 10% of their income from old-fashioned wages.



The average income of a top-400 earner grew by 650% between 1992 and 2007 to a whopping $344 million. Over that time, the average salary barely doubled. But the average capital gains haul increased by 1,200%. How do the richest get richer? Not from their wages. From their investments.



Here's a look at the average salary and average capital gains income of a top-400 earner since 1992. Y-axis is labeled in thousands of dollars and all-time highs are noted in the graph.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0003390-6fa856c78453b1b5968855f233c499fc.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010142 00000000000 014720  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The International Monetary Fund took on a bigger global role Sunday as its 186 member nations accepted the mantle of guiding a lasting economic recovery from the 20 largest economies.

The IMF’s steering committee endorsed the Group of 20 summit plan for sustainable growth after the worst economic crisis in decades, including an increase in voting rights of at least five percent for under-represented countries.

At their Pittsburgh summit a little more than a week ago, the G20 largest rich and emerging-market economies, asked the IMF to help them shape a robust global economy and reform the fragile financial system.

The International Monetary and Financial Committee (IMFC), representing all members, backed the plan at a meeting in Istanbul ahead of the annual meetings of the IMF and World Bank that open Tuesday.

The panel vowed to maintain stimulus support of growth “until a durable recovery is secured” and take further steps as needed “to revive credit, recover lost jobs, and reverse setbacks in poverty reduction.”

IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn said that with the IMFC meeting, “we are off to the right start — building on the commitment to sustain cooperation and extending it to a far broader group of countries.”





He said the meetings offered “a unique opportunity to reshape the post-crisis world, to usher in a new era of collaborative global governance.”

Timothy Geithner, the US Treasury secretary, said the United States, effectively the only member with veto power in the Washington-based institution, is looking to the IMF “to play a key role in assisting the assessment of G20 economic and financial policies.”

Not all were satisfied with the IMF steering committee’s approval of the G20 request for a shift in the allocation of quotas, or voting power, to mainly developing countries.

“There will be no ‘new IMF’ without a more representative and democratic governance structure,” said Argentina’s finance minister, Amado Boudou.

“To achieve this goal, the voice and representation of developing countries, including the poorest, must be significantly increased,” said Boudou, who also represents Bolivia, Chile, Peru, Paraguay and Uruguay on the IMFC.

International aid agency Oxfam director Bernice Romero agreed, calling the quota shift “shameful,” and adding that “rich countries are still making decisions for the rest of the world.”





China’s deputy central bank governor, Yi Gang, said successful governance reforms, including a “significant” quota realignment, were key to “the capacity of the fund to deliver” by enhancing its legitimacy and effectiveness.

Strauss-Kahn called for a “substantial increase” in resources from members after the IMFC opened the door for action to reduce so-called global imbalances blamed for the current crisis.

The IMF managing director said the fund’s new Flexible Credit Line had provided important support to emerging-market economies amid the global economic crisis, with Mexico, Poland and Colombia signing up earlier this year.

But the credit line, offered at a fee for access to the fund’s reserves, is limited in scope and concerns only a certain category of countries, the former French Socialist finance minister said.

“Now we need to reflect and think about an extension of this idea of insurance” to fix the so-called global imbalances where some countries accumulate huge reserves and others build up huge deficits, he said.

“If you want to avoid countries, including China, to build such big reserves, contributing to global imbalances, we need to find another system,” he said.

An IMF pool of reserves that members could tap could serve as an international guarantee against financial shocks, he said.

“The communique opens the door for the IMF to think about it, and I think it’s very important for the post-crisis world because it’s one possible way to contribute to solving this global imbalances problem.”

In a speech Friday in Istanbul, Strauss-Kahn appealed for more resources so the fund could become a credible global lender of last resort, suggesting a trillion dollars or more may be needed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0003234-e85c12c166cbb812a5e5251753ee0b29.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000024761 00000000000 015020  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Image copyright Eureka Entertainment Image caption The original negatives of 1971's Wake In Fright were found just a week before they were due to be burned

Three very different films thought to have been lost to audiences forever are being re-released. Here their directors tell how the movies were mislaid and then found.

Wake In Fright

Shot in Australia in 1969 and starring British actors Gary Bond and Donald Pleasence, Wake In Fright was Toronto-born director Ted Kotcheff's second feature and is regarded as a masterpiece of modern Australian cinema.

Image copyright Eureka Entertainment I loved the kangaroos Ted Kotcheff, Director

The film tells of teacher John Grant, played by Bond, who arrives in the outback mining town of Bundanyabba. Despite planning to spend just one night there before catching a plane to Sydney, he is drawn into five nights of alcohol abuse, gambling and the slaughter of kangaroos.

The movie premiered at the Cannes Film Festival in 1971 where it was nominated for the Palme d'Or and its US distribution rights were sold.

Retitled Outback, the feature played in cinemas for about a week before it was dropped from circulation due to poor attendances and a lack of advertising.

It had a small number of screenings in the UK before vanishing without a release on VHS or DVD.

Image copyright Eureka Entertainment Image caption Wake In Fright sees a teacher trapped in a cycle of binge drinking and violence

Image copyright Eureka Entertainment Image caption British actor Donald Pleasence features as a troubled doctor

Image copyright Eureka Entertainment Image caption The film is set against the backdrop of the Australian outback

Wake In Fright fact file The film was based on a 1961 Kenneth Cook novel about a young man who lives in a place he despises, performs a job he hates and is surrounded by people he cannot stand.

Its title was taken from a line in the book's foreword: "May you dream of the devil and wake in fright."

Wolf of Wall Street director Martin Scorsese and singer-songwriter/film-maker Nick Cave are fans of the film.

The film's negatives were thought to have been lost for more than three decades until its cinematographer, Tony Buckley, found the originals in canisters marked for destruction a week before they were due to be incinerated in the US.

It has now been restored frame by frame and will be released in UK and Ireland cinemas on Friday.

Kotcheff, now in his 80s and living in Mexico, said: "A fact of cinema exhibition life during the 1970s was that the original negative of a film might be housed for long periods with a film laboratory for use in generating new prints to support the distribution schedule.

"These labs would generally be in Europe, Britain or the United States and sometimes the negatives would be completely overlooked once their usefulness passed.

"For the National Film and Sound Archive and for Tony Buckley, the frustration of this process was that over the years the exact location of the original negative for Wake In Fright was lost.

Image copyright Eureka Entertainment Image caption Wake In Fright has been restored frame by frame for re-release in cinemas

"Whilst existing prints continued to be exhibited and progressively damaged beyond repair, the original source material had disappeared."

For those who saw it more than 40 years ago, one of its most memorable - and disturbing - scenes involves the massacre of kangaroos.

Kotcheff and his crew accompanied a real-life cull of the animals for the making of the film. The kangaroos were shot so their hides could be used for making soft toys and the meat sold for dog food.

The director said: "I did not use 75% of what I filmed that night as it was too bloody and horrifying.

"The Royal Australian Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals kept urging me to use this footage because they wanted Australians and the world to see what was being done to kangaroos in the outback: the wholesale slaughter and carnage being committed every night.

"I loved the kangaroos - I spent a lot of time with them, intimately close. They would lie around my director's chair, waiting like extras to be asked to do something."

Monarch: Henry VIII

Part fact, part fiction, 2000 film Monarch: Henry VIII revolves around one night after the king arrives at a manor house closed for the season.

Image copyright Walsh Bros Some films are considered to be lost for all time John Walsh, Director

Irish-born actor TP McKenna plays the monarch - who in this version is without the power and control of his palace - while Upstairs Downstairs actress Jean Marsh stars as an amalgamation of his ex-wives.

The film has been painstakingly remastered from the original 35mm colour camera negative after it was recently discovered in a vault almost 20 years after it was originally filmed. It will be released on DVD in April.

"During the shoot of Monarch my small cast and modest crew would receive daily film stock supplies directly from Kodak HQ in Hemel Hempstead," director John Walsh said.

"A refrigerated van would arrive to bring us our daily ration of camera negatives.

Image copyright Walsh Bros Image caption TP McKenna as Henry VIII

Image copyright Walsh Bros Image caption Monarch director John Walsh and cast members TP McKenna and Mark Montgomerie

"Another production was receiving a daily delivery from the same driver - Stanley Kubrick's final film, the epic 18-month shoot, Eyes Wide Shut.

"When we received Mr Kubrick's invoice after a clerical error, I was shocked and amazed at the amount of the invoice - more than the total cost of my shooting budget."

Walsh added: "When we located the project we found more than we bargained for with over 52 cans of various footage from film trims, cutting copies and work prints.

"We didn't know if the original camera negative would be amongst all of this haul. After a close examination I was delighted to find all of the original camera negative was there and in good shape for its age."

Every frame of film has been scanned in high definition and had more than 10,000 particles removed by hand. A new sound mix was also created from the original elements.

Image copyright Walsh bros Image caption Jean Marsh portrays Henry's wives in Monarch

Walsh said negatives mislaid or incorrectly labelled when put into storage were at risk of being lost for good.

"The process of storing and preserving original materials is one that the film and TV industry is famously inept at," he said.

"During this process I was surprised to find many of the 20th Century's major film titles have lost their original elements and the restoration process starts with old battered projection prints that may have been around many cinemas.

"Often the original camera negatives have been lost, junked or in one famous case for the Oscar-winning Cabaret, burnt."

Walsh added: "Time is against the restoration teams as many films are fading and decaying in poor storage conditions. Some films are considered to be lost for all time.

"The holy grail for collectors is London After Midnight. The 1927 silent horror-mystery starring Lon Chaney and produced by MGM has not been seen for almost 50 years."

Black Angel

Double Academy Award winner Roger Christian attaches a great deal of luck to his debut film, Black Angel.

George Lucas commissioned Christian, who won his first Oscar for his set decoration on Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope, to make the short to accompany the 1980 release of The Empire Strikes Back.

Image copyright Roger Christian I was near death Roger Christian, Film-maker

The Toronto-based Londoner shot his fantasy tale of a war-weary knight returning home from the Crusades in Scotland in the autumn.

"The light in Scotland in September and October is fantastic, but because we were filming in the Highlands so late in the year there was the risk it would start snowing and bring an end to the shoot," he said.

It did start snowing, but it was on the crew's last day and were on their way home to England.

Other twists of good fortune included mist rolling atmospherically across the sea in a scene filmed outside historic Eilean Donan Castle in Kyle of Lochalsh.

Image copyright Roger christian Image caption A scene from Black Angel

Image copyright Roger Christian Image caption Roger Christian, right, with cinematographer Roger Pratt while shooting Black Angel

Christian had also wanted to create a rainbow-like halo around the head of one of Black Angel's characters, but no amount of trying would make it work.

However, while the film was being cut, it was discovered by chance natural light had created the sought after effect.

But Black Angel's lucky streak appeared to have expired when, after The Empire Strikes Back had finished its run in cinemas worldwide, the original film prints for the 25-minute short were lost.

Unsuccessful efforts were made to track down the prints at Lucas's Skywalker Ranch.

Christian said: "I had my own copy, but it was degraded. I [would have] preferred Black Angel become a myth rather than show a poor quality version of it."

While Black Angel was lost, it was not forgotten. Christian was frequently asked by fans at science fiction conventions and also friends such as Peter Briggs - who wrote the script for 2004's Hellboy - to re-release it.

After Black Angel Roger Christian went on to win his second Oscar for his short film, The Bottom Dollar. It was also made in Scotland.

Christian worked on Alien, Star Wars: The Phantom Menace and the 2000-released movie Battlefield Earth.

Black Angel's cinematographer Roger Pratt went on to work on Brazil, The Fisher King, Troy and the Harry Potter movies.

He had almost given up on the prints when he received a call in 2012 from a Universal Studios archivist who told him he had found them.

They had ended up in the US following the collapse of UK studio Rank which, it turned out, had stored the prints along with other film negatives in World War Two bunkers.

In the past few weeks, Black Angel has been given special "homecoming" screenings in Glasgow, Dundee, Inverness and Edinburgh. There are also plans to release it on Blu-Ray.

Christian returned to Scotland for the first time in 34 years to attend the screenings.

During his visit, he revealed how a poster of Scotland on a wall of a Mexican hospital, where he had been admitted as a patient after falling seriously ill during the making of 1970s movie Lucky Lady, inspired him to make a film in Scotland.

"I was near death," he said. "For some reason on a wall in the room where I was being treated in this small, Mexican village sanatorium was a poster of Scotland.

"It showed lochs. It helped me want to stay alive."               0003431-528f054e7a688da6d03fb4dbb86d507b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006036 00000000000 015171  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The polls were wrong. And because we are obsessed with predicting opinions rather than listening to them, we didn’t see it coming. So, the world woke up believing that Republican candidate Donald Trump had a 15% chance of winning based on polling predictions – roughly the same chance of rolling a total of six if you have two dice. Despite those odds, the next US president will be Donald Trump.

I have a few ideas about what went wrong. In the four years I’ve spent as a data journalist, I’ve been concerned by how much faith the public has placed in polling. Just like you’d check the weather before getting dressed, many people checked presidential polling numbers before heading out to vote. That’s understandable. Politics can feel as unpredictable as the weather, and who wouldn’t want to eliminate uncertainty? The world is a scary and confusing place right now.

But those are two very different kinds of forecasts. One is based on natural science, the other on social science. People are different from planets – they can change their minds, they can decide to not share their opinions or they can flat-out lie. And that’s before you even get to some of the statistical issues that make polling inaccurate.

That’s not new information. Polling analysts like me knew the numbers were inaccurate before Brexit happened. Despite that, the polling predictions kept coming. Why?

I spent almost two years working for Nate Silver’s website FiveThirtyEight, where I hoped to learn the secrets of political forecasting. I walked away totally disillusioned. It sometimes seemed as though their interpretation of the math wasn’t free from subjective bias. There was also a certain arrogance that comes from being part of an elite that “gets the numbers”, and an entrenched hierarchy meant that predictions weren’t properly scrutinised.

But analysts such as Silver, a man dubbed an oracle, a soothsayer and a savant have an interest in continuing to share these predictions. Where would the man’s career be if he simply replied “don’t know” when asked what Americans would do? It’s not just FiveThirtyEight. The New York Times also got it wrong, along with Reuters, NBC news and countless others. Just about everyone did – because they couldn’t resist the temptation to try to guess human behaviour.

I’m guilty too – I wrote column after column under the label “sceptical polling”, explainers and videos cautioning against the use of polls, but no one really cared. I carried on describing who was ahead because readers still wanted me to.

And so you, the reader, are also complicit in this huge mistake. You probably didn’t want to hear “it’s complicated”. You probably didn’t want to have a difficult conversation with your aunt whom you knew was voting for Trump. You probably didn’t want to think too much about the fact that the United States is a country deeply divided along racial and economic lines. Instead, you’d rather hit refresh on a little web page that tells you how America will vote. Too bad the numbers were wrong.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0003426-9216c843517028d6ca3b9b23fe011882.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000046003 00000000000 014601  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        

ISSUE 52 July August 2015



Carlow Classic Motorcycle Show 2015 T he Leinster Classic Motorcycle Show takes place on Easter Sunday in St Mary’s Academy School just beside the railway station in Carlow. It is something of a season opener and a chance to come out of hibernation for those of us, who do not use our motorcycles to any extent over the winter period. The Jawa 350 had been resting, awaiting engagements, in the garage for many months, where it had provided a comfortable perch for our family cat during the Winter. That cat can spend so many hours in the saddle without tiring, if only the motorcycle’s owner could do the same! I had drained the tank and carburettor before resting up the bike and on Easter Saturday with fresh fuel and three kicks later she started up immediately. A spin around the block confirmed nothing amiss. Easter Day dawned and the Jawa was fired up and away we went for Carlow. The route taken to Carlow was of course Jawa friendly – down the N81 through Blessington, turning onto the R726 at Rathvilly. Perfect roads for 50/55mph cruising, speeds at which the Jawa excels. Met Eireann had forecast sunshine and decent temperatures for the day but they failed to show up. Grey and overcast conditions prevailed but it was almost flat calm with very little breeze. The trees and hedgerows along the route had as yet failed to show any sign of Spring. The only harbingers of hope were clumps of daffodils around farmyards and the lambs visible in the fields. The Carlow show is a big one with some 100 classic and vintage bikes on show. It attracts a large crowd and the roads and footpaths around the school are lined with motorcycles – some of which are as interesting as those on show inside the school hall. The auto jumble, laid out in the school yard, is also of significant size. I have to admit that these jumbles always look to me as if someone has dropped a bucket into some landfill and filled the plastic fish crates with the contents. No doubt there is gold there for those who know how to pan for it. If visiting the show in the future, do take a look at the railway station, which stands sentinel over the show - it is beauty. Dating from 1846 and built in the Jacobean revival style, it features a yellow brick façade with granite trim and four tall chimneys. The ride home was even more enjoyable as I emerged into sunshine between Rathvilly and Blessington. It was a bonus after the grey day. It also turned out to be a poignant trip, as little did I know, at the time, that it would be my last spin on the 350. In the interim, I succumbed to the temptation of the Jawa 250 Californian. This is the model assembled by Mates Moto Servis in the Czech Republic. It is extremely rare and in all only about 12 of these machines were made. Some of the new old stock parts on the machine still bear the stamp – “Made in Czechoslovakia”. There is a story here but for another day. Pat (Noddy G)

Best of luck with the new Toy Pat, may you enjoy many happy spin on her



Setkani majitelu Jawa 650 - Jawa 660 - 2015



L iving without a dealer in Ireland it is easy to forget that JAWA are still selling bikes in Europe. The fact that they have reduced their range of bikes and are following the MZ trend of bigger machines does not mean that they have disappeared. I was recently contacted by Stanislav Hrnčíř. He is attempting to contact 650 and 660cc owners. Many have already banded together to form a club. As the photos from one of their recent camps shows they are numerous and active. Well done the boys. Click Here to see and find out more. If you would like to contact them emailStanislav Hrnčíř. Mick Back to Content



Vincent and the Snail



A s the 27th Garrison Rally drew closer, planning my escape from the shackles of responsibility gathered momentum. Evacuating the pretence of adulthood is even more treasured as you get older. The ideal would be to take a half day Friday to head up. That would give me 2 nights. Friday night can often be the biggest, as on Saturday people are pacing for the return journey. However there was less shuffling of the deck needed if I left departure till Saturday morning. Gerry and Brian could not join me, so I had only myself to organise. Friday night was spent leisurly packing the Snail (Jawa 250 Travel). As I was only staying one night I needed little luggage, i would stay in the hostel. The top box could go, which improves handling. A change of clothes and wash gear in the tank bag, the mandolin strapped to the top of the rear crash bar. A full tank and early to bed. Getting ready adds to the excitement. An early start on Saturday, the plan to go direct, using the main road, taking advantage of the improved road network to maximise my time. Yes good intentions, but the M50 was enough to use up my quota of motorway patience, the Boyne Valley scenic route signs proved to inviting. The Snail and I were off, once again winding our way cross country, attempting going northward. Well it is a biking weekend. I will not admit how long the journey took, but less then a tankful of fuel successfully washed my cares away. The dry weather held up its end and a tired but happy Jawa motorcyclist piloted the last few twists of the road to the well attended MZRC rally. The great thing about meeting up with old buddies is you start where you left off. Tyre kicking and banter go hand in hand. Some love to see the bikes. Others love the raffle and prizes. All enjoy the spin, the bit of food, drink and company. As is often the case the assorted musicians were of such a high calibre that i could have left the mandolin at home. The night flew. I love the sing song, the more who participated the better. It also means you don't overindulge. Over breakfast the next morning Pete the Penniless and I decided to travel the road home together. Pete was on his Vincent 500. He has the old girl humming as he is planning a trip to Europe this summer. It is not everyone that you can travel comfortably with. Riding styles and bike capabilities are key factors. Pete and the Snail have burned rubber on the same stretch of tarmac in the past. He had planned a very interesting route, so a hasty pack and quick farewells saw the Snail stretching the shadow of Pete’s Vincent as it thumped into life waking half of Co Fermanagh. I will not even try and roll out the list of towns that we avoided. I am positive that Pete was lost at least 50 percent of the time. If we came upon a sign for a town he seemed to turn left or right, onto side roads. The Snail had difficulty keeping pace on the twisty winding bits. Some of the turns were sharp enough that the Vincent was driving at me even though it was in front. But we kept inside our comfort zone, fast but not racing. The challenge of the road cleared the mind and broadened the smile on my face. Speed is relative not fast on these roads, you hardly ever get to travel quickly but you are driving at all times. At a coss road we decided to stop for coffee in Athboy. We used a petrol station even though the bikes have a longer range than their pilots. Another bike pulled into the garage, who should it be but Tomáš, we last met in Lisdoonvarna at Big Jim’s MZ rally. He was in fine form and asked to send his regards. Back on our journey, all to soon It was time to split up as our routes drew near. Pete and the Vincent had held a good pace and another wonderful spin came to completion. Thanks Peter for acting as lead scout. I look forward to next time. Thanks also to John, Lorraine and crew for providing the venue. Once again Lough Melvin proved itself as a great event. Mick

Back to Content



Music



For Pete, and his Vincent. Mick Back to Content



HEADLINES FROM THE YEAR 2030



Ozone created by electric cars now killing millions in the seventh largest country in the world "Little India " formerly known as Australia.

Jersey executes last remaining Greenie.

White minorities still trying to have English recognised as UK 's third language.

Children from two-parent heterosexual families bullied in schools for being 'different'. Tolerance urged.

Gay Marriages now overtake heterosexual marriages as preferred 'lifestyle' choice.

Manchester schoolgirl expelled for not wearing Burqa: Being a Christian is no excuse says school. Sharia law must be enforced.

Japan announces that they will no longer consume whale meat as whales are now extinct and the scientific research fleet are unemployed. UK Government has told the Japanese that Grey Squirrels taste like whale meat.

Britain now has ten Universities of Political Correctness. Professor Goldman of LSPC says there is still a long way to go in the fight to stop people saying what they think.

Britain 's deficit £10 trillion and rising. Government declares return to surplus in 100 years which is 300 years ahead of time. Prime Minister Mohammed Yousuf claims increased growth through more immigration is the secret to success.

Wall Street banks merge to form new super bank, Goldman Rothschild Ebeneezer Epstein Drescher (GREED): Huge bonuses paid to executives to celebrate launch.

Baby conceived naturally! Scientists stumped.

France pleads for global help after being taken over by Islamic Countries. No other country volunteers to come forward to help the beleaguered nation.

Castro finally dies at age 112. Cuban cigars can now be imported legally, but President Chelsea Clinton has banned all smoking.

Jose Manuel Rodrigez Bush says he will run for second term as US President in 2032.

Post Office raises price of stamps to £18 and reduces mail delivery to Wednesdays only.

After a ten year £75.8 billion study, commissioned by the Labour Party: Scientists prove diet and exercise is the key to weight loss.

Average weight of a British male drops to 18 stone.

Global cooling blamed for the Australian (Little India ) citrus crop failure for third consecutive year in Victoria India and New South Iraq.

Supreme Court rules punishment of criminals violates their civil rights. Victims to be held partly responsible for crime.

Average height of professional basketball players is now nine feet, seven inches.

New law requires that all nail clippers, screwdrivers, fly swatters and rolled-up newspapers must be registered by January 2035 as lethal weapons.

Inland Revenue sets lowest tax rate in decades at 75 per cent.

Bradford won this year’s FA cup final beating the Hindu Hornets 4-1. Ger Back to Content



Diesels Everywhere



Here's a message and a link from Steve Adams over in Bury St Edmunds. The "Steef" reference is to the way Franta Sváta over in Czecho' pronounces Steve's name. Franta knows Steve well, for many years now. The diesel-motorcycle honcho in England is Stuart Scarry, the guy who's responsible for the rally and the photos. I've been in touch with Stuart off and on over the last ten years or so. His ancestors were from Galway or Clare. Small world. Pat Back to Content



MZ Riders Club Southern Ireland Section Weekend 4 to 6 September 2015

W e’ve booked accommodation once again in Farran Farm Hostel in Ballacolla, Co Laois. http://www.farmhostel.com/ Rooms are available in the hostel, and camping space (plus a shower facility) in the field behind. Many of you will know this hostel already. If you don’t know it, rest assured it’s a marvellous place.Please book direct with the hostel if attending; contact by e-mail on the website above, or phone Marty or Wendy Phelan at (00-353)-57-873 4032. As distinct from previous years, you’re stuck with me as so-called “organiser”. I don’t pretend to have the social or organisational skills of Jim or Catherine Walsh, so I’ll be looking for some kind volunteer to arrange a run-out if one should be called for – I’m utterly useless at that sort of thing. But we hope to organise a bus service to get us to and from the local pub on the Friday and Saturday nights. It’s a self-catering weekend, so you’d need to bring your own food. Nearest shopping area is Abbeyleix, 10km/6 mls distance. There’s no rally fee. Pay accommodation costs directly to Marty or Wendy. Ballacolla is some 100km/60 mls from Dublin, and about the same distance from Rosslare. The local landscapes are more restful than spectacular, but that’s what you generally get in any country’s midlands. Prices are: €20 per person per night for room accommodation, €5 a time for a continental breakfast, and €8 a night per person for camping. Hope to see you there! Pat Back to Content



Events

Now that the weather has warmed up some don’t waste the summer. 13th International Jawa CZ Yezdi Day: 12th July 2015 Jawa Day. In groups, or by yourself, your JAWA motorcycles being used, having fun! There are no special rules, except to ride a JAWA or CZ, if you have more than one, ride as many as you can. Whenever you ride remember all the other JAWA/CZ/Yezdi owners all over the world who are riding with you. Join the virtual worldwide rally and tell us about it. Take pictures, of your trip. I intend leaving the car park at the Spawell Sports Complex, Templeogue, at 10 Sunday mornings the 12th of July. No destination yet just getting the JAWA out there. If you want to join me feel free to do so.

Royal Enfield Camping Weekend 2015 August 21st-23rd, Venue Powers the Pot, Caravan and camping park, Harneys Cross, Clonmel, Co Tipperary. Tell 052 23085. email: imfo@powersthepot.net website:www.powersthepot.com This is always a good weekend. The Enfield lot are great. It is a camping weekend but food is available in the evening. It’s one of the best parts of the event. Everyone sits at the long table, food, conversation, biking stories. Another world. Click for a list of Events email jawabikes@gmail.com if you want to add anything Mick Back to Content



Wear Your Club Shirt



Boozing Bikers

Black IPA from Blacks of Kinsale. On the trip home from work, the bike ran onto reserve. Considering the options for best price fuel plus upcoming beer review, the KCR garage once again got my loyalty. A garage that is also a landmark, it has a good shop with a fair selection of beer. Not always the best value on the beer but the petrol is always in the ballpark. Black IPA from Kinsale caught the eye this time. Kinsale town was an old haunt for the trusty JAWA 634. Yes some very good memories of that town. So the purchase was made. Price: 3 bottles for 10 Euro Alc: 5% Hops is just wonderful stuff, when you are only having a drink or 2 it rewards the pallet with flavor. And hops is exactly what this very black IPA has. I enjoyed it chilled, it has enough flavor to cope with being cold. The head poured slightly high but settled down considerably. For a sipping beer the head could have lasted better. Or maybe I was just drinking to slow, but a swirl of the glass kept everything ascetic. In researching the brewery it turns out that a bit of romance is involved. A girl presented her man with a beer kit for Valentines Day. He naturally felt very passionate and took to brewing. They married and set up a brewery in Kinsale in 2013. Crowdfund funded it all, people give money and received reward packs. These loyal supporters are remembered on a wall of fame in the Brewery. A nice story and a lovely Beer. A trip to Kinsale is even more tempting now. Pints in the Spaniard, gooseberries crumble in Patsy’s corner (if it is still there). Or just sit relax, sip the Black IPA from Kinsale and imagine I am there. Mick Back to Content



Kudos Korner

As it’s human nature to moan and complain – rightly so – about bad service from suppliers, it seems only fair to make a positive mention of companies who (literally) deliver the goods. So here’s my short list below. Just to explain: I’ve been dealing with all these online suppliers for parts or tools for either my MZ Skorpion or the MZ ES 250/2 which I’m slowly rebuilding for a friend. So, before anyone asks me what relevance this has got for JAWAs or ČZs, let me say that most of these companies sell parts for Czech machines too. 1 . Gabors MZ Laden, Berlin, https://www.gabors-mz-laden.de/. Bought a clutch puller for four-speed MZ engines here, very high quality and not hugely expensive at 39 euro. A very easy company to deal with. The lady with whom I corresponded gave me a greeting in the Irish language!



2. Ost2rad, Stützengrün (Germany), http://www.ost2rad.com/. Neatly- packaged replacement engine bearings, seals and gaskets, very reasonably priced and a quick delivery too.



3. The MZ Shop, UK, http://www.themzshop.co.uk/. Again, goods as described arrived very quickly. The only drawback for anyone on the euro treadmill is the exchange rate versus sterling, making everything more expensive than in the past.



4. M & P, UK, http://www.mandp.co.uk/. These are well-known mainstream suppliers. I bought handlebar risers here, very pleased with them.



5. Venhill Cables, UK, http://www.venhill.co.uk/. I needed longer cables for my Skorpion. Buying custom cables from Venhill allowed me to make my own, at a cost of less than half the OEM originals. Highly recommended. Pat Back to Content



Comments

Hi, I just wanted to thank you (even profusely!) for the latest issue. Just to mention only a few things, I am very happy that you ran the story about Pat Fanning (or, as he may prefer, Pádraig Ó Fainín) He is definitely a very fine and remarkable man. I won't go through what you have already put in the article, but he definitely deserves a lot of recognition for what he has done for these many years. Also, I was pleased and delighted with the video of the Australian girl playing the Prelude from Bach's Partita #3. It's a lovely piece, but I have heard it played only on the violin. I had certainly never heard it played on a mandolin, and that is a real accomplishment, as it's not an easy piece to play on any instrument. As for the short piece on my experiences driving in Italy, I can assure you that everything I said is true -- and I could have added a lot more, but I didn't want to bore people too much. And, of course, my congratulations on having The Snail pass her 50,000 km mark. Well done, Snail! see what a bit of maintenance will do? So, all in all, an outstanding and enjoyable issue -- even taking into account the bearded fellow with the cap, the glasses and the vest with all the patches on it who is standing on the left with his hands in his pockets in the first frame of the Clogheen Movie. I think that he should buy me a beer at the Porterhouse in Bray. Just because, that's all. Have a great summer, everyone! David Wallace (in New Jersey)

Hello My name is Josip and I am contacting You from Croatia (Hrvatska). I have a CZ 175, type 477, build 1974. I am restaurating the motorcycle but my gas tank is in very poor condition and I am searching for new tank. I was wondering if You maybe could help me, where to find a better tank. Maybe if some of Your members have spare parts and is willing to sell it, I would buy it if it's in a good condition (mine is rusty from inside and stopping the gass flow). Contact: email Thanks in advanceJosip Vuglenović

Hi, I would like to your club. I’m the collector, right now I have Jawa 175, Jawa babetta and Jawa 50 type 20 . From Members bikes From Members bikes From Members bikes Piotr Kruczkowski

Dear Sir Madam, Membership for Jawa Cz Club. Thank you, David Sheridan



Back to Content                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0003376-31427d356875393d45f2564f05435fbc.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002243 00000000000 014542  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        This item has been removed from the community because it violates Steam Community & Content Guidelines. It is only visible to you. If you believe your item has been removed by mistake, please contact Steam Support

This item is incompatible with Arma 3. Please see the instructions page for reasons why this item might not work within Arma 3.

Current visibility: Hidden This item will only be visible to you, admins, and anyone marked as a creator.

Current visibility: Friends-only This item will only be visible in searches to you, your friends, and admins.

Come play "Flappy Kamysh" on the EUTW CTI Warfare Servers!

Title Description Taken live on the [url=http://www.eutw.net]EUTW CTI Warfare[/url] servers by community member [url=http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197972492202]N3croo[/url] Learn more about our public PVP mission servers based on the original Teetimes mod at [url]http://www.eutw.net[/url] and visit our wiki. Full video can be seen [url=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13t3CQqgLk8]HERE[/url]. Save Cancel

Created by Xodius

Last Online 33 days ago File Size Posted Size 0.980 MB Apr 3, 2014 @ 11:30pm 384 x 288 4,095 Unique Visitors 24 Current Favorites                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0003242-28b214e174fc4e179a10855f8c60c59b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005030 00000000000 014740  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Police told to warn criminals before setting canines on them - in case they are FRIGHTENED or ALLERGIC to dog hair



Warning: Handlers have been told to avoid offending criminals with cynophobia - fear of dogs

Being chased by a police dog was never intended to be a pleasant experience.

But now handlers are being extra careful to avoid upsetting criminals' sensibilities by giving them advance warning before dogs are set on them.



Forces across Britain are being instructed to 'avoid offending' sufferers of cynophobia - the clinical name for a fear of canines - or those allergic to dog hair.

The move comes amid fears that suspects whose medical conditions are triggered by dogs may file costly compensation bills against the force which authorised their use during arrests or raids on homes.

But the proposals have met with fury by some serving officers - who branded them 'polite policing' and 'namby pamby'.

The plans were revealed Peter Vaughan, the Association of Chief Police Officers' lead on dogs, who said: 'The draft guidelines outline a general principle that forces should consider what steps can be taken to avoid offending people during operations.'

Mr Vaughan, a deputy chief constable of South Wales Police, added: 'This might include different categories of people such as those with a fear of dogs, for example or asthma sufferers who may be sensitive to dog hair.'

And PC David Heaps, a dog handling trainer at Derbyshire Constabulary, added: 'We are very mindful not to cause offence.'



But a sergeant, commenting anonymously on the proposals in respected force magazine Police Review this week, insisted: 'This is more from the 'polite police'



'The whole point of police dogs is to frighten people rigid, at least those who have just committed a crime and would otherwise make a clean getaway.

'They should have considered the mental trauma and possible allergic reaction of 60 lbs of foaming Alsatian clamping its teeth to their extremities before embarking on their latest criminal escapade.

'The traditional shout of 'stand still or I will set the dog on you' will presumably now have to become 'Excuse me, my police dog is quite hairy and might cause alarm as he sinks his fangs into your right thigh - is that all right with you?''

A serving dog handler, who asked not to be named, added: 'I have never heard anything so ridiculous.



'What's next? Sparing people custody because they have a fear of enclosed spaces?



'This is just another example of namby pamby policing laid down by people who haven't been on the beat in years.'

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0003409-8411ba0ad7c0a024655bc7003de082dd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004365 00000000000 015053  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The FBI secured a pimp’s Samsung Android phone as part of a case following a former pimp released on parole who seemed to be partaking in pimping activities once again, specifically through the use of his Android phone. The pimp previously signed a Fourth Amendment search rights waiver, which allowed the FBI to search his home and property at any time without a court order. When he turned over his phone, he didn’t unlock the device, even though his parole conditions prevented him from hiding or locking digital files, but claimed the phone belonged to his sister. Amusingly, the FBI couldn’t crack the phone’s unlock pattern, and then served a warrant to Google, Android’s developer, to help them unlock the phone.

The FBI obtained a warrant to search the phone last month, but weren’t able to crack it due to the phone’s swipe password lock, which can actually be easily defeated — either by simply looking at the smudges on the phone’s screen, or because you’re the FBI and should have access to a variety cracking tools and skilled employees who know how to use them. The FBI attempted the password too many times, which locked the phone, which in turn could only be unlocked using the phone owner’s Google account credentials. As you could imagine, the pimp refused to cooperate, so the FBI served Google with a warrant in order to get the Android developers to help out.

In the warrant, the FBI essentially asked for everything it could. They wanted the subscriber’s name, address, account login and password, Social Security number, all email and contact list information stored on the phone, all text, photo and video messages sent and received from the phone, any email addresses or instant messenger accounts that appear on the phone, all search terms, Internet history, and GPS data stored on the phone, as well as all times and durations spent on any webpages accessed with the phone. Also, as you might’ve guessed, the FBI asked for instructions on how to bypass the phone’s pattern lock.

So, the amusing story here isn’t that the FBI is trying to bring down some pimp, but that the crack team at the FBI couldn’t bypass a swipe pattern lock and served Google with a warrant to do it for them.

(via Ars Technica)

Relevant to your interests                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0003477-a9cee7f07273521cd238c417a683bd59.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002176 00000000000 015045  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In the United States, a credit zombie is a person who has been erroneously declared dead by the Social Security Administration by being listed in its Death Master File (commercially known as the Social Security Death Index). It is unclear why living people are added to this list.[1]

As a result of the listing, credit bureaus return reports of "deceased" to entities seeking checks on the individuals' credit reports, which can prevent people from attaining credit, receiving government benefits, renting apartments, or securing jobs, and interfere with anything involving credit checks or Social Security. Credit zombies may even find their bank accounts frozen and have no access to their money.

The term "credit zombie" is an analogy to the concept of the zombie being a person who was once alive walking around as if he still is. A credit zombie is someone who is officially dead, while it is obvious that person is actually alive.

The Social Security Administration accidentally declares about 1,000 people dead each month in its Death Master File. It is estimated that there could be 500,000 credit zombies in the U.S.[1]

See also [ edit ]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0003429-03b664c4bb9b8250ce17bf80beb1e99e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000022241 00000000000 015245  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        “Class is back in politics,” declared Waleed Aly last week. “We ignore it at our peril.”

That may well be true but Malcolm Turnbull’s bizarre intervention on 7.30 reminds us that the terrain opening up since Donald Trump’s win is by no means simple. In a speech obviously shaped by the election result, the prime minister launched a very Trumplike attack on what he called the “elite media”.

“You have to break out of the bubble,” he explained. “Again, I often get – on the elite media like the ABC – I often get criticised or sent up, and I don’t object to that, by the way, for catching public transport a lot.”

What’s going on when a multimillionaire merchant banker can portray himself as a persecuted anti-elitist by virtue of occasionally catching the train?

Certainly, the US election should spur progressives to end a disastrous infatuation with what we might call a “trickle down” theory of social justice.

Why did women vote for Trump? Because misogyny is not a male-only attribute Read more

The super wealthy and their representatives traditionally advocate monetary policies to benefit the very rich, arguing that crumbs from their already well-stocked tables will, in due course, fall to the rest of us. Progressives rightly reject so-called “trickle down economics” as self-serving nonsense. But there’s been a much greater tolerance for a similar methodology when it comes to countering oppression.

Over the past months, many ostensible radicals talked up Clinton’s credentials. They ignored that Clinton was a quintessential corporate Democrat, a multimillionaire who took huge fees from Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street firms, and, yes, she was a unabashed foreign policy hawk, who boasted of her friendship with Henry Kissinger, who, some have suggested, should be prosecuted for war crimes. And they insisted that women everywhere would by inspired by the success of a female candidate – and, as a result, be motivated to fight sexism in their own lives.

Obviously, that’s not what happened.

Rather, exit polls suggest that a majority of white female voters – the constituency assumed to most closely identify with Clinton – opted instead for Donald Trump.

Kathleen Geir offers a convincing explanation as to why.

“If you’re a woman living paycheck to paycheck,” she writes, “and worried sick over the ever-diminishing economic prospects for you and your children, you’re unlikely to be heavily invested in whether some lady centimillionaire will shatter the ultimate glass ceiling.”

It’s an argument with profound implications for a left too often infatuated with the symbolic power of celebrity gestures. Today, progressives regularly devote themselves to identifying high-profile representatives of the oppressed (whether in politics and pop culture, or in sport and in arts) and championing their achievements, in the expectation that diversity will trickle down to ordinary people.

Yet clearly, white female voters didn’t think Clinton’s success in overcoming sexist obstacles to her candidature would make any difference to their own lives. Rather than identifying with her as someone facing a shared oppression, they seem to have dismissed her as a privileged beneficiary of a status quo they hated.

You can see, then, why Aly labels the poll a rejection of the politics of identity and a return to the politics of class.

But what does that actually mean?

For many pundits and politicians, discussing class entails, almost by definition, rejecting the legitimacy of struggles against racism, sexism or other forms of oppression. These, they tell us, are, at best, distractions from the economic imperatives upon which class rests and, at worst, provocations driving away honest sons of toil from progressive politics.

“Class” thus become synonymous with “middle aged white men”, a constituency allegedly suspicious of refugees, environmentalism, the arts, same-sex marriage and anything much else other economic nationalism and social conservatism.

It’s on that basis that Turnbull can see the US election as a vindication of his “jobs and growth” mantra, and a rejection of the “elite” agenda of the left.

Some progressives make the same argument.

Bill Shorten, for instance, has responded to Trump’s victory with a sharply nationalistic turn.

“It is time to build Australian first,” he says, “buy Australian first in our contracts and employ Australians first.”

Many on the left – particularly in the ALP – take the failure of identity politics as proof that, if we want to relate to class anger, we can’t call out bigotry or denounce backwardness or welcome refugees. If we do so, we’ll be alienating workers, who don’t care about anything other than checking their pay packet and occasionally glumly swilling some beer.

But that way of thinking about class isn’t an alternative to identity politics. On the contrary, it is identity politics – albeit with class posited as the master identity (in place of, say, gender or race).

Leftwingers need to proceed on a very different basis.

We need to recognise that, while class can be an identity, it isn’t reducible to one. It’s an objective category, not a subjective one, defined by your activity rather than your culture or ideas. The queer female immigrant staffing a call centre in New York belongs to the working class just as much as the beefy coal miner in a mid-western rustbelt town. The nativism voiced by some blue collar Trump supporters is not, in other words, the authentic and unchanging expression of working class experience.

On the contrary, the nature of wage labour provides a basis for the expression of a very different politics.

Most fundamentally, class isn’t an individual trait but a social relationship. To use the terms popularised by Occupy Wall Street, the “99%” necessarily entails the “1%”. You can’t have employees without employers, and vice versa.

An acknowledgment of class thus already implies a political methodology, one that proceeds from the antagonism underlying that binary. More bluntly, workers and bosses have different interests, as anyone involved in negotiating a pay rise knows.

Understood in those terms, class not only offers the left a basis on which to analyse society but also provides a strategy with which to change it. Or, to put it another way, a recognition of class shouldn’t be an alternative to combatting oppression so much as a basis on which oppression can be defeated.

That’s a lesson for Australia as much as for the US.

After all, the trickle down feminism of the Clinton candidacy was, in many ways, similar to that espoused by Julia Gillard during her prime ministership.

Gillard’s famous misogyny speech of 9 October 2012, in which she hit back at the Trump-like bullying of Tony Abbott, was widely lauded in the media. Yet, as Anwyn Crawford notes, liberal commentators enthusing about the speech paid very little attention to Gillard’s role in passing, on the very same day, the Social Security Legislation Amendment (Fair Incentives to Work) Act 2012, a bill slashing slashed payments to single parents. She quotes a woman using the pseudonym “Nicole Brooks”, who complains that journalists focused on Gillard’s speech – and largely ignored what was happening to working class parents.

“The focus was on Julia Gillard and what an amazing feminist she was,” Brooks says, “but on the same day she’s hurting the most vulnerable women. That was particularly difficult to go through.”

We must rethink globalization, or Trumpism will prevail | Thomas Piketty Read more

It’s easy for rightwing populists and their journalistic supporters to portray trickle-down campaigns for social justice as elitist and snobby and irrelevant to ordinary people. But what would be the consequences of an anti-sexist campaign that oriented to the bottom of society rather than to the top?

Think, for instance, of the provision of quality, affordable childcare – a key demand of the women’s liberation movement in the 70s. For the rich, of course, childcare’s a non-issue. If you’ve got the money, it’s always been available. But for working class women, decent childcare can be life changing, removing a major source of social stress and bringing to an end a common form of drudgery.

It’s not hard, then, to see the outline of a class-based campaign against sexism, one that would unite ordinary women and men for a demand that would materially change family life for the majority of society.

Nor is it hard to grasp how such a push would reshape the political landscape, as the so-called populists of the right abandoned their radical rhetoric and united with their liberal opponents to defend the status quo against ordinary people. It’s easy – or, at least, possible – for Malcolm Turnbull to denounce ABC journalists as elitists. It’s much harder for him to use the same language against people like Nicole Brooks.

In the wake of Trump’s victory, demagogues of all kinds are adopting the language of class. But it’s a vocabulary that may yet come to haunt them, for while they can talk the talk, they can’t walk the walk.

That’s why, amid the gloom, there’s an opening emerging for the left, if only we can seize it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0003401-f38585581f52f706977f1a31cdea7d6a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006225 00000000000 015042  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        All praises to Allah who said “Allah loves not the utterance of harsh speech except by one who has been wronged. And ever is Allah Hearing and Knowing.” And peace and blessings be upon the Messenger of Allah and his family and all of his companions. As for what comes forth;

Hay’at Tahrir Shaam has strived since it has been launched to establish a Sunni entity which gathers the capacities of the people of Shaam to repel the transgressing enemy, and to represent the revolution of the people of Shaam in a way that suits them. It sacrificed the costly and precious to achieve this noble goal. Except that some frantic people -may Allah guide them and forgive them- with their limited sight and narrow vision were against this course from the beginning. And they did not stop there, rather they strived hard to crush and shake this building and spread turmoil and rumors in it under several excuses and different methods which reached the level of lies and defamation.

The leadership tried to contain the situation by dialogue and discussion, there have been meetings after meetings to explain the matter in the hope that they would step back, but to no avail. Until the scholarly reconciliation initiative was launched of which we translated our position practically on the actual ground, with calls to meetings on the ground, removed far away from the talks in the media and its incitements. But they refused -and with strange obstinacy- to even sit despite the repeated calls. They threw against the wall every call to calmness.

As they exploited the preoccupation of Hay’at Tahrir Shaam who were busy defending against the transgressing Rawafid and Khawarij in the heated situation in which the fronts presently are; not to incite towards Ribaat and Jihaad, rather to demoralize and disappoint the youth through the spread of confusion. Which in the end comes to the conclusion of judging a Sunni Mujahid gathering, which performs the obligation of our time, with deviation and corruption. This during a time in which we need unity of word and rank the most.

And due to the increasing harm and evil which these gatherings caused, they were informed and alarmed previously that the matter will be brought before judicial authorities after the attempts of reconciliations failed and the situation could not stay hanging without resolution. So the leadership of Hay’at Tahrir Shaam departing from their obligation towards the arena and towards its soldiers, to prevent the arena from slipping to dangerous consequences, and after the road to desired reconciliation was blocked; it presented a list calling the heads of turmoil to a just Sharia court which will show the reality. And the case is now with the judicial authorities to come with its decisive word.

In conclusion we would like to explain that a project for which blood is spilled, people are displaced and souls are taken, we will not neglect its protection and its defense with every legitimate method. And we will not allow irresponsible abusive hands to spread harm and evil from the people of exceedance or the people of abandonment. And Allah is the granter of success. And all praises are due to Allah the Lord of the worlds.

Original:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0003352-ace357763bf339b776801a85d413df0c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005646 00000000000 015037  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        I've tried just about everything out there — Bose SoundLink, Sony SRS-X2, a couple of off-brand Bluetooth speakers, and now this one. This one blows them all out of the water, and it's well-worth the money. Something to know about Bluetooth speakers: If you're a true audiophile and you like listening to music with complicated instrument tracks, Bluetooth technology is probably not for you. Even if you rip, or copy, your music to your phone or tablet at CD quality (AIFF or Apple Lossless), Bluetooth compresses your music so that it can travel wirelessly and seamlessly from one Bluetooth device to another. Bluetooth has evolved over the years, and the latest Bluetooth technology (Bluetooth 3.0 and higher) take into account that people want to listen to stereo music through portable Bluetooth speakers. It's good, but it's still not great. But for most people, it's good enough. Audio quality was a big issue for me. The Sony and off-brand speakers weren't very well-built, and it seemed like all were trying to overcompensate for bass at the cost of nice mids and highs ("trebel"). The Bose, on the other hand, compensated for everything, making everything sound worse and artificial in the process — a big letdown because Bose headphones are great. Where Bose engineers to make everything sound crisp, Harman Kardon engineers to make everything sound realistic. It shows in this little speaker Harman Kardon developed jointly with HTC. The One was designed to pair easily with the HTC One (Harman developed a version of the Android phone), but it works with any Bluetooth device. I use it mostly with my iPhone. Compatibility works well. Pairing is relatively simple. Wireless distance is unmatched. Battery life is OK — it's 5 hours, which is good, but not great. It charges via micro USB though, so if you're looking to use this at an all-day outdoor event like the beach or a BBQ, you might want to take an external battery pack along. But most people will only care about the sound. To that, I say, if you want your music to sound lifelike, a good mixture of lows, highs and everything in-between, this is the speaker for you. I'm so glad Harman Kardon is now selling their excess stock through Best Buy and online, and at $99, it's a steal (don't literally steal it, though, however tempted you might be). Aside from the battery, the only thing I'd change about this speaker is the volume settings. Even though it has volume buttons, it uses the volume settings of the device. At its lowest level, the speaker is VERY LOUD. Which, on the one hand, is great — means the device's battery won't drain as fast. On the other hand, if you're looking to use it in a quiet study, you won't be able to adjust the volume to a whisper. That having been said, if you've looked all over for a great sounding speaker, you've found it here in the Harman Kardon One. Buy it. Buy it now. Do it. Click the "buy button." Did you buy it yet? No? You should. Go for it.

Read more                                                                                          0003422-b64045eb8bc43e748488e31d90a93a8d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014135 00000000000 015035  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Think of this NBA offseason as the summer of the great unknown.

Each team’s salary cap is about to jump $24 million from last season’s number of about $70 million. That is primarily a result of a massive jump in national television revenue, based on deals signed with ABC-ESPN and Turner Sports.

Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Charlotte Observer

That’s great for the NBA’s financial health. But it will set off a comparable spike in spending on player contracts, and for all the strategizing the league’s 30 franchises have done over the winter, no one is quite sure of the ramifications once free agency commences July 1.

"I think you’re going to see a lot of money thrown out there this summer that you haven’t seen in the past," Charlotte Hornets general manager Rich Cho said.

"Every team is planning for it, but I still think you’ll see some things that will surprise you."

The Hornets will be knee-deep in this process because much of the core of last season’s 48-victory roster is about to hit the free-agent market. Four starters at the end of last season – Nic Batum, Marvin Williams, Courtney Lee and Al Jefferson – will be unrestricted free agents. In addition, the Hornets’ sixth man last season, versatile guard Jeremy Lin, chose to opt out of the final season on his Hornets contract.

The good news? All five of those players have expressed at one time or another that they’d like to re-sign with the Hornets. The bad news? It might be all but impossible to retain all five in what will inevitably be an inflationary labor market this summer.

This NBA free-agent class is solid, including two superstars in LeBron James and Kevin Durant. James plans to return to the Cleveland Cavaliers after winning the championship over the Golden State Warriors. Whether Durant returns to Oklahoma City is in a bit more doubt; there might be a way for the Warriors to sign him, which would arguably make the NBA’s most formidable roster even stronger.

Among star-level players who will be unrestricted free agents: Toronto’s DeMar DeRozan, Atlanta’s Al Horford, Houston’s Dwight Howard, Memphis’s Mike Conley, Miami’s (and Gastonia native) Hassan Whiteside and Batum.

Each of these players figures to get a maximum, or near-max, contract this summer. Which raises a question of perception among longtime NBA fans…

Who qualifies as ‘max’?

So-called maximum contracts are not a new concept in the NBA. But that term used to apply to an elite few superstars like James, Durant, Kobe Bryant, Tim Duncan and Howard. Players who were annually All-Stars and capable of leading runs to the NBA Finals.

Then the max contract became a way of locking down rising stars like Derrick Rose (then with Chicago, now with New York) or New Orleans’ Anthony Davis.

Now? With so much money available and so few stars to spend it on, our whole perception of a "max player" is about to change.

The foreshadow of this was last summer when the Portland Trail Blazers signed big man Enes Kanter to a maximum offer sheet worth about $70 over four seasons. The Thunder matched that offer sheet. Kanter is a decent NBA big man, but far from a star. He plays behind starting center Steven Adams. But the Thunder still matched.

This summer’s version of Kanter could be Warriors small forward Harrison Barnes. He is, at best, Golden State’s fourth offensive option, averaging 11.7 points and 4.9 rebounds. He had a bad performance in the NBA Finals, shooting 35 percent from the field. And yet it’s been speculated Barnes will field a max offer sheet this summer.

In that atmosphere, it’s easier to accept the price the Hornets might have to pay to retain Batum.

The Batum question

It’s understandable why some fans find it hard to view Batum as a max player. His averages last season – 14.9 points, 6.1 rebounds and 5.8 assists – are not superstar-like.

But it’s clear Batum’s versatility made the Hornets better and that trading for him was one of the best moves by this front office since the expansion franchise began in 2004. It’s also clear there will be competition for Batum’s services. One way or another, he appears destined to make in excess of $20 million each of the next several seasons.

This is new territory in Charlotte. Hornets owner Michael Jordan has always said he’ll pay what it takes to retain top talent. But that concept really hasn’t been tested by the talent level of past players on this roster.

To their credit, the Hornets don’t play coy in expressing their desire to bring Batum back. Cho has said repeatedly that Batum is his top priority and that he intends to meet with Batum and his agent as soon as free agency begins July 1.

Batum said the day after the season ended that he wants to re-sign with the Hornets, particularly because of all the responsibility coach Steve Clifford gave him to facilitate his new team’s offense.

Good feelings, but difficult circumstances

Cho knows the Hornets have created a healthy locker room climate where players enjoy working.

"We feel like from our exit interviews everyone wants to be back and our goal is to bring back as much of the core as possible," Cho said.

The key term in that sentence might be "as possible." Bringing back all five rotation free agents might be unrealistic, particularly if Cho intends to do anything else to improve the roster.

Cho has used the term "tricky" to describe this upcoming process.

"I say it’s going to be tricky just because you have to have a meeting of the minds when negotiating," Cho said. "Sometimes the numbers don’t pan out and you’re not able to bring back who you want."

Some of this is going to get very technical with salary-cap holds and maximum-salary limits that haven’t much affected this franchise’s offseasons in the past.

Cho says, after months of planning, he’s ready for whatever course this process takes.

"We’ve spent a lot of time dealing with contingencies,” he said. “We’ve got like 80 different scenarios going.

"The hard part will be you have so much time each agent will need to make a decision as well. That’s something we can’t put a time frame on right now."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003443-7a731fbfdb498c9aefbedf0ab99e2ee1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012045 00000000000 015636  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A special parliamentary committee will propose Parliament adopt a new physician-assisted dying law that includes advance consent for people in early stages of dementia, sources say.

In a report to be tabled in Parliament Thursday, sources say the joint Commons-Senate committee will also address how doctors should deal with people with debilitating mental disorders and young people enduring painful and terminal illnesses.

The report recommends the government should first see how medically assisted dying works with adults before allowing it for children or people with mental illnesses.

Story continues below advertisement

Some MPs had argued for prior judicial approval for an assisted death, but the committee decided it should be left to the medical profession to decide in a sensitive team-based way, sources say.

"We trust our medical professionals with our lives every day," Liberal MP and committee co-chair Robert Oliphant told The Globe and Mail. "And this is a committee that also understands that we can trust them with our deaths."

The report is also expected to outline areas in which the federal government should consult with provinces and territories, as well as issues not directly in the committee's mandate, such as palliative-care strategy to discourage people from opting for medically assisted death.

Mr. Oliphant said most Canadians will be comfortable with the report, which includes safeguards for vulnerable people.

"We have given a framework for the [Justice] Minister to consider, and it will be her job to take that framework and decide what has to be in legislation and what has to be in policy," Mr. Oliphant said.

The Supreme Court ruled last year that the century-old law banning physician-assisted death was unconstitutional and that Canadians with unbearable and irremediable suffering could be eligible to end their life with a doctor's aid.

The Conservative caucus is split on the contentious report with senators signing on to the majority opinion. Conservative MP and vice-chair Michael Cooper said only MPs are part of the dissenting report.

Story continues below advertisement

Story continues below advertisement

"The report got some things right but some things wrong. And we felt there were some glaring errors with recommendations in the report," Mr. Cooper said.

"We just felt that as Conservative MPs we owed it to our constituents and to Canadians to raise some issues that we felt were not adequately addressed in the main report."

Conservative Senator Nancy Ruth told The Globe and Mail that Tory MPs have decided to make a "political statement" on doctor-assisted dying.

"I suspect it will talk about protecting the vulnerable but, you know, everyone who is suffering is vulnerable," Senator Nancy Ruth said. "The report itself does protect the vulnerable in my opinion, very strongly, even more strongly than I would have probably, perhaps even personally, have wanted. So it's a compromise and I think it's a fair report. I think the minority report is unnecessary."

Mr. Oliphant said the Conservatives MPs who dissented to the report haven't accepted that "dying is a part of life."

"I honestly believe that the Conservative MPs – not the senators – Conservative MPs disagree fundamentally with the Supreme Court decision, and have at every opportunity found ways or tried to find ways that would tie up access to assisted dying in such a way as to make the Supreme Court of Canada decision null and void," Mr. Oliphant said.

Story continues below advertisement

Liberal Senator James Cowan said the majority of MPs and senators of all parties believe the committee has struck a balance that places trust and responsibility in the medical profession to make the right decisions about end-to-life care.

"It's not going to be what everybody wants but I think it's a good piece of advice for the government," Mr. Cowan said in an interview.

The recommendations are the result of months of public consultations; they will be turned over the Justice Department to draft a new law by the June 6 deadline set by the high court. The main object of the federal legislation is to set a common national framework and avoid a patchwork system of end-of-life care.

"The committee made an honest effort to try to listen to witnesses and to come forward with a consensus that seems to be addressing the fundamental issues raised by the decision of the Supreme Court," Liberal Senator Serge Joyal said in an interview.

The Supreme Court judgment ending the ban on assisted dying was set to take effect on Feb. 6, but the federal government obtained a four-month extension during which those seeking this outcome must get approval from court.

The Liberals initially said they were going to whip the vote to support doctor-assisted dying legislation, but later backtracked, saying they would wait for the committee's report and the bill to be introduced before making that decision.

Story continues below advertisement

Quebec already has its own law, which came into effect Dec. 10. Since then, one patient in Quebec City's university health-care network received a doctor-assisted death.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0003475-ea39f4c6afca85bf65c86776e4c0ac10.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000033223 00000000000 015336  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The following is a short, but sweet sexy story that I wrote to get everyone in the holiday spirit. With Christmas only a few days away, I thought I’d write a little something to celebrate the season, as only an aspiring erotica/romance writer can.

It’s not as long or elaborate as my last holiday-themed novel, “Holiday Heat.” It’s just a simple little story that mixes love, sex, and the holidays into one sweet little narrative. Enjoy!

It was set to be the loneliest Christmas she’d had since her grandmother died. Jessie should’ve been used to it, having lost her father at a young age and endured many quiet Christmas mornings with few presents and limited festivities. However, she’d come to love bigger, more elaborate moments as she grew older.

After meeting her boyfriend, Robby, she thought those quiet mornings were over. For the past three years, he’d gone out of his way to make Christmas extra special for her. He came from a big family and going over to his house was like entering a holiday paradise, full of elaborate meals, abundant presents, and a buffet of succulent deserts. Thanks to him, she’d grown to love Christmas and being part of Robby’s family.

Then, about a month ago, Jessie got a double dose of bad news that promises to derail her Christmas entirely. Robby’s father got sick with severe bronchitis and had to spend several months in Florida with his brother recovering. Most of the family was going to follow suit and join him for Christmas. Jessie thought she’d be going with him.

That was when the second bit of bad news dropped. Her mother got into a car accident, breaking a leg and injuring her back. She ended up needing surgery, the kind that required a recovery period that extended beyond the holidays. As a result, a plane trip to Florida just wasn’t feasible. She had to stay home and Jessie couldn’t leave her. She needed her help around the house as she recovered.

That meant no elaborate feasts and festivities with Robby’s family. It also meant her mother’s ability to celebrate was severely limited. The most they could do was exchange some gifts, having a light meal, and watch Christmas specials all day. If that weren’t bad enough, a snow storm had rolled in and few relatives would be able to drop by to help.

It made Christmas Eve feel even colder than it already was. After spending most of the day putting up decorations and keeping her mother comfortable, she felt too tired to be festive. It seemed like this year’s Christmas would be the same quiet, uneventful affair that left her so jaded as a kid.

When she curled up in her old bedroom that night, having agreed to sleep over at her mother’s house to make things easier on Christmas morning, Jessie expected this year to be one of the most forgettable holidays of her adult life.

“Guess this year counts as one big setback,” she sighed to herself after turning off the light, “and just when I was starting to really like the holidays again. Maybe I’m just not meant to enjoy Christmas like most people. Maybe I just can’t be part of Robby’s festive world.”

It sounded so sad when she said it out loud. It made her want to cry right then and there. Jessie ended up burying her face in her pillow, muffling her voice and absorbing any tears she’d shed. The best she could do, now, was rest up and brace for another solemn holiday.

She tried not to think about all the elaborate ways Robby’s family were enjoying themselves down in Florida. She swore she could smell the chocolate pie his mother made or his sister’s succulent cookies from 800 miles away. Most of all, Jessie tried not to think of how great it felt when Robby held her in his arms, even when he wore that ugly old Christmas sweater that he’d bought in college and refused to throw away.

It was nothing short of torturous, contemplating what she’d miss. Not being with Robby and his family was like the antithesis of a Christmas miracle, a gut-punch to her holiday spirit. She wanted to make the most of the time she had with her mother, but between her injuries and her tendency to recount sad memories of her father during the holidays, it wasn’t looking good.

Jessie closed her eye, groaned into her pillow, and just wished she could skip the holidays entirely.

“It’s not fair!” she lamented. “Why does Christmas have to suck so much? Just this once, can I get a break?”

Jessie kept her face buried in her pillow, muttering a string of curses in hopes she’d just pass out from frustration. She was so tired that she was ready to just let the rest of the holidays pass her boy completely.

Then, just as she was about to nod off, she heard a loud thump against her window. Considering her room was on the second floor of her mother’s house, that was pretty rare. At first, she thought it was just a large chunk of snow blowing off one of the trees and hitting the side of the house. However, another thump followed, along with a familiar voice.

“Jessie!” it said through the cold December night. “Open the window. It’s me!”

Almost immediately, Jessie’s ears perked up and she shot up from the bed. She’d recognize that voice through a window, a snow storm, and a goddamn hurricane. It was Robby, but that should’ve been impossible. Either she was having one of those vivid Christmas dreams or her boyfriend was actually outside her window somehow. Both seemed unbelievable.

“Hurry up, Jessie!” he said. “It’s colder than penguin’s ass out here. Only your ass can warm me up at this point.”

“Holy shit, it is him!” Jessie gasped.

There was no denying it. Only Robby could’ve said something so crude, yet so cute to her on a cold winter night. That meant he was really there. It wasn’t a dream.

With the energy of a kid on Christmas morning, Jessie shot up from the bed and over towards the window. Sure enough, she saw Robby outside, standing atop a ladder with his hand pressed against the glass.

Where he got the ladder and why he was here instead of Florida were just some of the many burning questions she had. Seeing the heavy snow falling outside, she set them aside and opened the window so he could get in. As soon as the window opened, he crawled into her small, yet cozy room. He was shivering, despite wearing multiple layers, but he still had that goofy, lovable smile on his face. Not questioning whether or not it was a dream, Jessie just took him in her arms and hugged him.

“Robby! Oh my God, it is you!” Jessie exclaimed.

“Yep,” he said, shivering as he hugged her back. “I’m here. Tropical weather, warm beaches, and sunny mornings were nice and all for the holidays…except, it didn’t have you.”

“And you ditched your family to be with me, your hapless girlfriend?” she said curtly.

“I didn’t ditch them. They urged me to come here. Even my dad said this is where I should be on Christmas…with the woman I love, in her time of need, celebrating the holidays with her.”

“That…might just be the most romantic thing any man has ever said to me.”

“You mean fully clothed, right?”

“No, Robby. I don’t,” Jessie said strongly.

Her heart was racing. In an instant, the notion that she would endure a lonely, uneventful Christmas faded completely. Even if she couldn’t spend it in Florida with Robby’s family, just being in his arms and feeling his loving embrace was enough to reinvigorate her holiday spirit…among other things.

In an outburst of passion and holiday spirit, Jessie kissed her thoughtful boyfriend with all the love and heart of a million Christmas specials. He eagerly kissed back, even as he shed the heavy coat he’d been wearing to brave the cold. However, she quickly made it clear that she didn’t want him to stop there.

“Robby…you came all this way to be with me,” she told him. “So be with me.”

“Well, I was going to ask for some hot cocoa to warm up first,” he said playfully, “but if this is how you want to warm me up…”

Jessie didn’t let him finish. She was too excited and impassioned to waste another second of this Christmas miracle. Robby was here now, in her room and in her arms on Christmas Eve. That was proof enough that he loved her just that much. Her only Christmas wish from that point forward was to return that love and that wasn’t something she could do fully clothed.

Not caring how wet and cold his clothes were, Jessie helped him strip out of them bit by bit. By the time he was down to his boxers, his skin still felt so cold, but his lips felt so hot. That was all the reason she needed to jump him where he stood, throwing her arms and legs around him and her body heat mesh with his.

The cold and the long trip must have made him extra impassioned as well. As soon as he caught her in his arms, he carried her over to her bed. Together, they crawled under the covers where they made out like a couple of horny prom dates. Already, she felt his flesh warming up, but hers was already too hot to bear. It led her to remove her sleeping attire, with Robby’s help.

“Off…get it all off,” Jessie urged him.

She quickly slid her tight-fitting cotton shirt off over her head while Robby removed her sweatpants, panties and all. His boxers soon followed, revealing a semi-hard dick that even the December cold couldn’t temper. It showed just how much he wanted her sex and her love.

“Ooh Jessie,” Robby gasped as he took in her naked body.

“Robby…make love to me,” she told him.

For a moment, he just gazed at her with his loving eyes. It felt like the gaze of a Christmas angel, one who’d answered her payers for a holiday miracle. There wasn’t just a deep love in his eyes. There was a desire to mend the pain of so many cold and lonely holidays.

Those feelings, and the powerful desires behind them, led him to embrace her naked body as only he could. Jessie eagerly embraced him back with desire of her own, wrapping her arms and legs around him as he got on top of her. Then, in what might have been the greatest Christmas gift anyone had ever given her, Robby made love to her.

It was so raw, yet focused…so intense, yet affectionate. Under the thick covers, the rippling muscles of his manly body glided against the sensual curves of her feminine figure. His flesh melded with hers, sinews entwined like a million pieces coming together to form a single whole. Her body welcomed his, taking him into her depths and feeling his flesh, as well as his love, fill her with every movement.

The sensations that followed were intense and hot, not an easy feat on such a cold, snowy night. It didn’t matter, though. They could’ve been at the North Pole and it wouldn’t have mattered. She and Robby were going to make hot sex and passionate love tonight. There was no way around it.

Jessie had no idea how long they went at it or how many times she’d climaxed in the process. With Robby, it was so easy to lose track. It could’ve been as many as ten, but no fewer than three. All she knew that when all was said and done, they were warmer and more content than any couple could’ve been on Christmas Eve.

“I love you, Jessie,” Robby said to her, breathless from so much spent passion.

“I love you too, Robby,” she told him, “and thank you…for making this the best Christmas ever.”

“You’re welcome, babe.”

They shared one last passionate kiss before settling into a blissful state of post-coital afterglow. Now lying atop his naked body, the thick comforter draped over them, Jessie gazed up at her wonderful lover. He looked so happy, despite not being with his family in a tropical climate. The way he held her in his arms made clear that there was nowhere else he’d rather be.

She made sure he knew the feeling was mutual, holding him closely and listening to his heart beating in his chest. She made sure he fell asleep knowing how much she loved him. She could do no less for the lover that had captured her heart and saved her Christmas spirit.

The next morning, Christmas morning, Jessie awoke to find that her lover was still in her bed and they were still as naked as they’d been when they fell asleep. Robby was still fast asleep. Being a deep sleeper, especially after sex, she didn’t expect him to wake up for a good long while.

That was just fine with her, though. Jessie would’ve been perfectly content spending the whole day like this, lying in bed with her lover and creating all sorts of sexy Christmas memories.

However, that plan fell apart the moment her bedroom door opened and her mother entered, leaning hard on her crutches and looking as restless as any adult on Christmas morning.

“Jessie, are you up yet?” her mother greeted, as though she didn’t even noticed Robby.

“Mom?!” Jessie gasped, immediately holding the comforter up to her naked body a little closer.

It was embarrassing, but not as mortifying as it could’ve been. Her mother knew she was a grown woman. She also knew that she and Robby had been intimate before. That still didn’t mean she liked her mother barging in her room when she was naked with her lover.

However, she didn’t seem all that taken aback and Robby barely stirred from his slumber.

“I put the coffee on. If you want to open presents, get up and get dressed already,” her mother told her.

“Mmm…sounds good,” said Robby groggily.

Still holding the blanket up to her body, Jessie was confused, if not mildly amused. She looked over at Robby, who had that goofy smile on his face again. Then, she looked back at her mother, who had a similar smile. She had a lot of questions, but she had a feeling the answers weren’t going to make this Christmas any less memorable.

“Um…mind filling me in on some context here?” Jessie asked awkwardly.

“Jessie, sweetie,” her mother said with a wide grin, “who do you think lent him the ladder?”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0003448-78ae78f4f737b04f4f688aa19fc92d2d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016756 00000000000 015237  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Amid the snipers, the rubble and the misery on many Syrian streets is another ugly phenomenon: garbage.

In Adel’s* hometown of Janoub al Malaab, a district of Hama city, piles of waste give off an odour that is nearly unbearable.

“You can see the dirt rot in the sun, and you can smell it. There are areas you cannot even approach because the stench is so bad,” said the local activist. “People are suffering from it.”

Solid waste disposal and collection has been severely disrupted in embattled areas of Syria, more than two years into a conflict that has spurred a public health crisis. In areas held by the rebels, the state has all but stopped providing waste collection services. Combined with worsening hygiene and soaring summer heat, the uncontrolled garbage is putting about five million people at risk of disease, according to Ahmedou Bahah, manager of water and sanitation programmes for the UN Children’s Fund (UNICEF) in Syria.

“In July, temperatures will increase to up to 40 degrees, which poses a significant public health hazard in connection with the lack of clean water supply and waste management,” he told IRIN.

In the embattled districts of Homs, state dustcarts have not been seen for the past 16 months, since government troops started a devastating military campaign. Instead, civil activist networks have sprung up, organizing committees tasked with cleaning the streets.

“We collect all the trash in one place until there is a heap as big as a mountain,” said Mohammed*, a local activist. Usually, the activists create makeshift dumpsters (piles of rubbish) in areas that are now empty because residents have fled.

“Once or twice a week, we’d get a truck and move it outside. It’s dangerous, though, because you have to pass checkpoints, and the soldiers often accuse us of smuggling weapons inside,” he said. “Sometimes people have been arrested, and sometimes they have forced us to unload everything.”

Local efforts are also hampered by the ongoing clashes and limited capacities.

“We’ve tried to solve this problem, but it’s still bad,” said Ahmed, an activist in Albara, a town of 20,000 in the Jebel Azzawieh region of rebel-held Idlib Governorate. “You can find volunteers to collect the trash for one day or two, but not every day, and we don’t have funds to pay salaries.”

In addition, Ahmed said, to take away the refuse, they need trucks and fuel, which is expensive and not always available. “It’s a big town, so you need at least three vehicles if you want to clear the streets, but sometimes we can find only one.”

“Whenever there is fighting, there is a problem,” said Adel, the activist in Hama. Though the city is militarily under regime control, public services have severely eroded, he said, while intermittent clashes make it difficult for the residents to clear their own streets. For instance, snipers sometimes make it almost impossible to cross the streets, let alone walk around and collect the rubbish, he added.

When the army seals off certain districts, activists sometimes cannot take out the waste for weeks. “Then we bury it in the ground because there is nothing else we can do,” Mohammed said.

Coinciding with a general collapse of infrastructure as well as a severe disruption of the health system - the World Health Organization (WHO) says at least 35 percent of the country’s hospitals are out of service - the pile-up of rubbish is likely to lead to a proliferation of diseases, according to Basel al Yousfi, director of WHO’s Centre for Environmental Health Activities in the Jordanian capital Amman.

Leishmaniasis

“Waste accumulations in streets are breeding sites for pests such as mosquitoes, flies and mice that could transmit many diseases such as Leishmaniasis, causing epidemics and outbreaks, particularly in emergency and conflict situations,” he told IRIN.

In addition, al Yousfi warned, odours due to biodegradation might lead to serious respiratory problems.

Already, reported outbreaks of Leishmaniasis, a disease transmitted by a sand fly that leads to skin ulcers resembling leprosy, have increased dramatically. According to WHO, humans can be infected if bitten by female sandflies after they have bred in waste. Internal displacement and limited access to health care are also contributing to the spread of the disease.

Leishmaniasis has been on the rise in the city of Homs, residents and activists say, but Aleppo city, as well as the rural parts of Aleppo and Homs governorates, are worst affected, with local NGOs reporting as many as 4,000 cases in each area.

“We cannot confirm these figures, but if hygiene standards continue to deteriorate, the spread of Leishmaniasis could reach catastrophic levels,” UNICEF’s Bahah said.

Insects, especially flies, have been multiplying since the start of the summer, said Ahmed, the activist in Idlib.

“You have Leishmaniasis in many places now. It’s gotten worse since the start of the summer. This is why we are now trying harder to take away the trash. People are starting to fear for their health.”

Though the rise of communicable diseases in Syria like typhoid, hepatitis, cholera and dysentery is mainly attributed to shortages of clean water - according to UNICEF, the availability of safe water in Syria is one third what it was before the crisis - the amount of waste putrefying in residential neighbourhoods is aggravating an already critical health situation.

According to WHO, acute watery diarrhoea increased by 172 percent between January and May 2013, from 243 to 660 reported cases. Hepatitis A increased by 219 percent from 48 to 153 cases in the same period.

Logistical challenges

As the peak of summer heat approaches, UNICEF has started implementing a contingency plan to reduce the risk of diseases related to hygiene and sanitation.

It is supporting communities collecting and transporting solid waste and working with local partners to raise awareness and provide hygiene items and pesticides. Civil society activists in Aleppo are also receiving support in garbage clean-up from the Jesuit Refugee Service.

But aid agencies and civil society activists face many logistical challenges.

“Security is one of the main problems,” Bahah said. “Sometimes trucks full of waste are unloaded three to four times at checkpoints before reaching the dumpsters. This is why we are negotiating with the authorities now.”

Rebel forces have also hampered attempts to bring the waste situation under control. On the highway between Hama and Homs, Bahah said, they have blocked aid convoys carrying petrol needed for the dust carts because they suspect the fuel will end up being used by the army.

In rebel-held districts of the capital Damascus, the Free Syrian Army (FSA) is trying to fill the gap left by the state. “But it’s obviously difficult because when there’s shelling, nobody cares about cleaning the streets. So, in some districts, the situation is disastrous. You even see dead animals lying in the streets.”

When the FSA penetrated into the city centre in July last year and clashes broke out, public services were suspended for about a week, highlighting the risks for a city of two million people. “It was horrible - there was waste everywhere,” said Modar, a local student who gave only his first name. “Now we can really picture what will happen if the FSA should one day enter the city centre.”

Click here for more IRIN reporting on how a lack of access to water, sanitation and proper hygiene is threatening Syrians and others across the region.

*not a real name

gk/ha/cb                  0003469-a657a1bb671fa32426d109b24a33e609.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007774 00000000000 014747  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        MPAA Vice President Greg Frazier has made some interesting comments on copyright and widespread Internet piracy during a lobbying visit to Brazil. Among other things, Frazier told a local newspaper that democratizing culture is not in the interests of the MPAA. As it turns out, the MPAA's definition of creativity and culture is a rather narrow one that is quite different from that of the general public.

The MPAA sent its Vice President Greg Frazier to Brazil this week to carry out some damage control.

Last year the former president of Brazil posed with Pirate Bay founder Peter Sunde and vowed not to cave in to the interests of the copyright lobby. But with the change of leadership the MPAA sees new chances, and so Frazier went to Brazil to convince local politicians that tougher anti-piracy laws are needed.

In common with most Latin American countries, piracy is widespread in Brazil. According to a recent study more than half of all people living in urban areas regularly pirate movies, something the MPAA believes has to be stopped.

In an interview with local newspaper Folha, Frazier commented on the threat piracy poses to the major studios, responding with the classic textbook answers we’ve heard hundreds of times before.

“If you do not believe in the value of creativity, the importance of protecting it and the need to reward those who produce, then maybe you can justify piracy. But in that case you’ll be doing great harm to culture,” Frazier said. Please note the words ‘creativity’ and ‘culture’ in his answer, as we’ll come back to that later.

The reporter then went on to ask how important copyright really is when 44% of households in Brazil are not connected to the sewer system. Not really a fair question, but Frazier made it very clear that even when people are starving it would be immoral to ‘steal’ entertainment from U.S. corporations.

“Obviously, governments and societies have to work to make sure that the population has access to the basics in order to survive, but that does not mean you should ignore other things. Companies must live together because they respect each other and respect that people do not steal from one another. Even if you battle to put food on your plate, it is immoral to steal,” he said.

Things got more interesting when Frazier responded in a surprisingly open manner when asked about Creative Commons licenses, which allow for a more flexible approach to copyright. Creative Commons licenses are very popular in Brazil and the reporter wanted to know what the MPAA’s view on this approach is.

“They [Creative Commons supporters] don’t always agree with what we advocate,” Frazier responded. “And you are talking about democratizing culture, this is not in our interests. It really isn’t my interest.”

Although this answer may not really come as a surprise, combined with his previous answers it shows how subjective the MPAA’s view on creativity and culture is. According to the MPAA piracy is ruining culture, but at the same time they are not allowing others to use even tiny snippets of their works.

The MPAA is apparently only interested in creativity and culture when it applies to the works their studios produce. Needless to say, this isn’t necessarily what’s most beneficial to society. The MPAA is merely protecting their corporate interests.

For the general public, culture and creativity are probably better off with less restrictive copyright laws. This doesn’t mean that it should be okay to pirate every Hollywood blockbuster, but the laws that are put in place to please the movie studios are the same ones that cripple the creativity of tens of thousands of other artists and the public at large.

To the MPAA and many others in the entertainment industry, copyright has little to do with the word right, nor with creativity and culture. Instead, it’s a restrictive tool that allows works to be traded, leased and licensed in return for money.

Indeed, democratizing culture is not in the MPAA’s interest, but maximizing profits and control is.    0003455-97cee9df3ce758552236073bc8ae9ff2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003717 00000000000 015225  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

BRUTAL Con-Dem welfare cuts will have cost Scots a staggering £4.5billion by 2015.

And Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon says £1billion of the eye-watering amount is being taken from measures aimed at helping children.

She used a Scottish Government analysis of the cuts, published yesterday, to claim that backing ­independence would rid the country of Conservative benefit slashers.

Chancellor George Osborne estimated the total impact of the cuts on ­Scotland between 2010 and 2015 would be £2.5billion.

But speaking at the SNP conference in Inverness, Sturgeon said she took anything the Tories said “with a healthy pinch of salt”.

She added: “I asked ­officials to check the figures and guess what? It seems the cumulative cut will not be £2.5billion.

“It will be £4.5billion, taken from the purses and wallets of hard-working people right across Scotland who can least afford it.

“Make no mistake, it will be hard-working people who will feel the pain. And ­disabled people too.”

The analysis showed cuts of £29million in 2010-11 grew to £302million in 2011-12 and £827million this financial year.

On current spending plans, cuts of £1.447billion will bite next year, reaching £2.062billion in 2014-15.

Sturgeon also revealed £1billion of the cuts in Scotland will be to benefits that directly help children.

These include abolishing the health in pregnancy grant, the abolition of child trust fund payments and the changes to income support and child benefit.

Sturgeon said: “That is equivalent to a cut of more than £1000 for every child.

“So there you have it – the awful price of letting ­Westminster control our resources and take our ­decisions for us.”

But a UK Government spokesman dismissed her figures as “unofficial, crude and misleading”.                                                 0003410-80c40045e6dedabb607b7d32679755c5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005741 00000000000 015024  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The flight, chartered by the World Food Programme (WFP), includes 340 family tents, 42 metric tonnes of high energy biscuits and 15 metric tonnes of special nutrition bars contributed by the US Agency for International Development (USAID). The supplies will be distributed by WFP and the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).

“The continuing exodus of people fleeing Syria into Iraq over the last month has been unprecedented,” said UNHCR Representative in Iraq Claire Bourgeois. “With the support of the government of the Kurdistan Region, UNHCR, WFP and our partners are in a race against time to meet the needs of the tens of thousands of new arrivals.”

Over the past two weeks, more than 44,000 Syrian refugees have crossed into the Kurdish region of northern Iraq. Most of them are women and children sheltered in camps or collective facilities while others reside with family and friends.

A second flight is due to arrive in Erbil today from Adana, Turkey, carrying 93 metric tonnes of food, enough to feed 11,500 people for three weeks. In addition to the flights, WFP is mobilizing more than 37,000 rations from around the region to feed up to 185,000 people for one month. Some 25 trucks carrying 500 metric tonnes of food supplies arrived Monday from Turkey to meet the urgent food need of refugees.

In a news release, UNHCR and WFP said most of the newly arrived Syrians have been transferred to Kawergosk camp, close to Erbil, which is now home to an estimated 15,000 refugees.

“In the last 12 days, aid workers have turned the desolate Kawergosk site from an empty plain into a burgeoning refugee camp that now must be prepared for northern Iraq’s rough winters,” the agencies said.

UNHCR has so far sent over 120 trucks of aid to camps and various centres hosting new arrivals, with more relief being dispatched from the agency’s stockpiles in Jordan. Meanwhile, WFP has distributed more than 1,500 family food rations, enough to feed 7,500 people for one month, in Kawergosk camp over the last few days. The ration includes rice, sugar, salt, wheat flour, lentils, and vegetable oil.

“We are grateful for the generosity of the local authorities of the Kurdistan Regional Government who provided the Syrian refugees with hot meals in the initial days, when they arrived in northern Iraq,” said Ute Meir, WFP’s acting Country Director in Iraq. “WFP has now mobilized enough food to meet most of the urgent food needs of Syrian refugees in camps and transit centres in northern Iraq.”

UNHCR is also assisting some 3,000 people temporarily encamped at the Baharka warehouse, also in Erbil, as well as about 2,600 Syrians living in schools and other buildings in Qushtapa. Temporary sites are being set up to accommodate those living in mosques, schools and libraries, the agency said.

Almost 200,000 Syrian refugees have fled into Iraq since the onset of the conflict in Syria on March 2011, with some 30 per cent residing in camps and 70 per cent living in Iraqi communities.                               0003412-95cff5af34be9501107d9356f12f9f04.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003572 00000000000 015036  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        UPDATE: Wesley Veit charged with murder in wife’s death

The death of a woman near Wilkie, Sask., is being called suspicious by police.

Living Sky School Division identified the woman as Heidi Veit, an educational assistant at McLurg High School.

Her body was found approximately five kilometres northeast of Wilkie in the RM of Buffalo.

Related Danny Ledoux charged in death of woman on Mistawasis First Nation

Mounties are looking to question Wesley John Veit. He should not be approached by the public.

Wesley Veit is from the RM of Buffalo and was known to the victim, according to RCMP.

READ MORE: Death of missing woman Melinda Gladys Charles considered suspicious

No charges have been laid at this time.

Officials with the school division said Heidi Veit will be greatly missed and extended its sincere sympathies to her family and friends during this difficult time.

Living Sky officials said both schools in Wilkie would remain under a hold and secure lockdown until RCMP recommended to have it lifted. Officials added that police do not consider the schools to be in any danger.

“Our school has implemented our crisis intervention team to allow students an opportunity to talk about their thoughts and feelings with trained professional staff,” said a statement from the school division.

“We also have outside counselling in place to allow staff members to express their feelings and grief. We will continue with these counselling services in place to support both our students and staff for the foreseeable future.”

The sudden death investigation is continuing with Unity RCMP and RCMP major crime unit north in conjunction with multiple support units and the office of the chief coroner.

Police are still asking everyone to stay away from the scene in the RM of Buffalo.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Unity RCMP at 306-228-6300 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477.                                                                                                                                      0003508-df96b8ab16bfca57f3f2d5de9dbc527f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001755 00000000000 015570  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        IBM Corp. IBM, +0.20% on Wednesday confirmed the purchase of The Weather Company, which includes the Weather Channel and its related technology platforms and sensors, to enhance its cloud ecosystem. Terms of the deal, including the price, were not disclosed, but IBM said the purchase adds to the $3 billion investment IBM committed earlier this year to build out products and services in the Internet of Things. The Weather Company's cloud-based services handle 26 billion inquiries each day through its mobile app and website, according to IBM. In addition to the increased cloud-servicing capacity, the company plans to use the data provided by The Weather Company's sensors to boost its analytics offerings for business clients. Shares of IBM rose 1.3% to $139.70 in recent trade. They are down nearly 13% over the last three months, underperforming the Dow Jones Industrial Average, which is flat.

Have breaking news sent to your inbox. Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Bulletin emails. Sign up here.                   0003361-16fd609f1ddcb093f92a7a9e4febaf80.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003543 00000000000 015414  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The staff for the new television anime of Ryu Fujisaki's Hoshin Engi manga revealed the main staff, additional cast members, the finalized series title Hakyū Hōshin Engi, a teaser video, the January 12 premiere date, and a new key visual on Wednesday.

Masahiro Aizawa is directing at C-Station, and Natsuko Takahashi is in charge of the series scripts written by Yoshiki Ōkusa and Rintarou Ikeda. Yoshimitsu Yamashita is designing the characters, while Maiko Iuchi is composing the music.

The newly announced cast members include:



Yoshimasa Hosoya as Kō Hiko Nobunaga Shimazaki as Fugen Shinjin

Kousuke Toriumi as Shin Kōhyō



The previously announced cast members include:

Kensho Ono as Taikōbō



So Dakki (cast member to be announced)



Yūichi Nakamura as Yōzen



KENN as Kō Tenka



Tomoaki Maeno as Bunchūō



Makoto Furukawa as Nataku



Takahiro Sakurai as Sūpūshan



Otenkun (cast member to be announced)



All the voice actors are different from the previous anime series.

Fujisaki's 23-volume manga originally ran in Weekly Shonen Jump from 1996-2000. The manga is roughly based on the ancient Chinese novel Fengshen Yanyi . The fantasy manga and the first anime adaptation takes place thousands of years ago. An evil sorceress has bewitched the emperor of a powerful dynasty and he has become a mindless puppet. The country is in shambles and evil spirits lurk everywhere. The Confederation of the Immortal Masters plan a bold mission: they send a young master wizard to hunt down the villains and evil warlocks in the devastated lands.

Viz Media released the original manga in English between 2007-2011.

The manga inspired a 26-episode television anime series in 1999. ADV Films released the anime on DVD in 2001-2004 under the title Soul Hunter . Discotek Media later released the anime under the same name on DVD in June 2016.

[Via Hachima Kikō]                                                                                                                                                             0003496-09ef1762ae36f9fbf04e66491e9d261f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005306 00000000000 015140  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Rockets center Clint Capela ready to keep pace with Charlotte Hornets' Dwight Howard

Having had perhaps the best game of his career in a matchup with the star center of his draft class, Rockets center Clint Capela will move to the star center on his team after he was drafted.

Capela had a career high 20 rebounds along with 16 points and four blocked shots against Joel Embiid and the 76ers on Wednesday. He will go from that performance to a meeting Friday with Dwight Howard and the Hornets, offering Capela how far he has come as he starts his fourth season.

“Every single game against Dwight is special for me,” Capela said. “It reminds me of my first days in Houston when I was looking up to him, looking at him as the superstar. I also watched him growing up. It always means a lot to me to play against him.”

Howard averaged 22 points and 19 rebounds against Capela and the Rockets last season, making 18 of 21 shots in a pair of Hawks wins.

Capela, however, played well against Howard, averaging 16 points and 9.5 rebounds, with 22 points in the second meeting.

Houston Rockets' Clint Capela (15) dunks the ball in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Philadelphia 76ers, Wednesday, Oct. 25, 2017, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Michael Perez) Houston Rockets' Clint Capela (15) dunks the ball in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Philadelphia 76ers, Wednesday, Oct. 25, 2017, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Michael Perez) Photo: Michael Perez/Associated Press Photo: Michael Perez/Associated Press Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Rockets center Clint Capela ready to keep pace with Charlotte Hornets' Dwight Howard 1 / 3 Back to Gallery

If Nene is out as expected, Capela could play roughly 30 minutes, as he did against the 76ers when he was able to run the floor and wear down Sixers star Joel Embiid.

“Twenty rebounds, we’ll frame the box score,” Rockets coach Mike D’Antoni said. “He can do that every night. We’re trying to push him. Clint was good, real good.

“I thought (Embiid) got tired. We told (Capela) we need to run him every time. The only weapon we have is to run him, lean on him, make him work. I thought Tarik Black came in and put his body on him. It’s like a boxing match. Your legs get tired.”

The Rockets would likely have a similar strategy against Howard who is much better prepared to keep pace with Capela. Capela, however, was not at all surprised by his success against Embiid.

“I told you it was to prove to everybody and myself I can do it,” Capela said. “I’m a guy that watches a lot of video. I watch a lot of Embiid. I watch a lot of bigs. I want to be an expert on that. These kind of opportunities to show I can play with those guys is good.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003444-9f51b2f31e239bd6f6b9309579932104.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002701 00000000000 014616  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Oxidative stress-related phenotypic changes and a decline in the number of viable cells are crucial contributors to intervertebral disc degeneration. The polyphenol epigallocatechin 3-gallate (EGCG) can interfere with painful disc degeneration by reducing inflammation, catabolism, and pain. In this study, we hypothesized that EGCG furthermore protects against senescence and/or cell death, induced by oxidative stress. Sublethal and lethal oxidative stress were induced in primary human intervertebral disc cells with H2O2 (total n = 36). Under sublethal conditions, the effects of EGCG on p53-p21 activation, proliferative capacity, and accumulation of senescence-associated β-galactosidase were tested. Further, the effects of EGCG on mitochondria depolarization and cell viability were analyzed in lethal oxidative stress. The inhibitor LY249002 was applied to investigate the PI3K/Akt pathway. EGCG inhibited accumulation of senescence-associated β-galactosidase but did not affect the loss of proliferative capacity, suggesting that EGCG did not fully neutralize exogenous radicals. Furthermore, EGCG increased the survival of IVD cells in lethal oxidative stress via activation of prosurvival PI3K/Akt and protection of mitochondria. We demonstrated that EGCG not only inhibits inflammation but also can enhance the survival of disc cells in oxidative stress, which makes it a suitable candidate for the development of novel therapies targeting disc degeneration.                                                               0003436-0c760ab25703d487a1e7f988f9607d6d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003446 00000000000 014773  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        What’s up my dudes & dudettes?

Often when the darkest timeline is upon us, the aggro players go back to their most powerful tool: Burn Spells. So this week I take Stonescar Burn for a spin!

Stonescar Burn

4 Oni Ronin (Set1 #13)

4 Pyroknight (Set1 #16)

4 Torch (Set1 #8)

2 Annihilate (Set1 #269)

4 Argenport Instigator (Set1 #268)

3 Kaleb’s Favor (Set0 #3)

4 Rakano Outlaw (Set1 #20)

4 Rapid Shot (Set1 #259)

4 Champion of Chaos (Set1 #402)

3 Cinder Yeti (Set1002 #1)

3 Bandit Queen (Set1 #389)

4 Impending Doom (Set1 #286)

4 Obliterate (Set1 #48)

3 Soulfire Drake (Set1 #47)

6 Fire Sigil (Set1 #1)

1 Granite Monument (Set1 #423)

6 Shadow Sigil (Set1 #249)

4 Seat of Chaos (Set0 #60)

4 Stonescar Banner (Set1 #419)

4 Diplomatic Seal (Set1 #425)

Stonescar Burn isn’t a new deck, and has survived many a nerf while still remaining a top dog in the metagame. Nerfs such as Champion of Chaos not getting +1/+1 for the thresholds, Rapid Shot costing 1S, Soulfire Drake costing 5FF, and so on. Despite all that, Stonescar is still a good choice. By applying early pressure with efficient aggro units and having extra burn reach with spells like Torch and Obliterate it maintains a good presence regardless of what the meta throws its way.

Yes we were unlucky some points but these games show the strength of the deck. We had some opponents stumble, and we were able to close the door on them. We had other opponents give us some good games while allowing us to make some meaningful decisions. If you’re looking for a deck that will jam out games quickly and has a reasonable win percentage, I can’t recommend Stonescar Burn enough.

As always you can give me comments/questions on Reddit, the Discord, or Twitter @jwiley129. Thanks so much for following along and I’ll see y’all next time!

Comments                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003441-31f94de6c2cce5d5a3924a9e8e784a8d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006161 00000000000 015265  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Canadian Blood Services is calling on the public to roll up their sleeves to help reduce a nationwide blood shortage that's reached what it calls a critical level.

The organization currently has between 12,000 and 14,000 units of blood on hand; the country typically requires a minimum of 20,000 units at any given time.

"It is critical right now," said Hailu Mulatu, a regional manager with Canadian Blood Services. "We're trying everything we can to ensure that we can meet patients' demands over the summer."

While Saturday marks the last day of National Blood Donor Week, Mulatu says Canadian Blood Services is extending its appeal for donations.

The goal is to bag 50,000 units of blood by the end of June, a target that will take a major surge to reach.

Increasing the blood supply is, without exaggeration, a matter of life and death for thousands of patients around the country, Mulatu says.

Victims of a bad car crash can need up to 50 units, while leukemia patients can require up to 80 units every week, the organization estimates.

Life-saving blood

Eleven-year-old Aaryan Dinh-Ali also relies on massive amounts of blood on an ongoing basis. 18 months ago, he was diagnosed with aplastic anemia, a rare bone marrow disease which caused brain bleeding and reduced his blood count to dangerous levels.

In his treatment and recovery, Dinh-Ali has received around 100 blood transfusions.

"Aaryan has countless strangers' blood running through his system so he can function on a normal basis and be where he is today," his mother Jenny Dinh said.

"If it wasn't for those transfusions, Aaryan may not have survived and come home with us."

Hailu Mulatu of Canadian Blood Services warns that hospitals may start to cancel elective surgeries if the shortage continues. (SickKids)

Why the shortage?

Mulatu believes this year's shortage has been caused in part by bad spring weather, which forced the closure of some Canadian Blood Services clinics over the last few months.

With those clinics now back open, he's hoping Canadians recognize how valuable their donations are for patients battling disease and recovering from accidents. Mulatu also notes that hospitals may take other steps to preserve the dwindling blood supply.

"With a low blood inventory, what may happen is that hospitals may be asked to reduce the amount of blood that they use, which may delay elective surgeries," he said.

Geoffrey Brown has donated blood more than a hundred times..

"For a first-timer, it might be a little intimidating but the people there are all very kind and appreciative of what you're doing," he said. "It's always a degree of satisfaction knowing what you're doing can assist a number of different people with whatever health problems they are undergoing."

Jenny Dinh-Ali says her son's ordeal also opened her eyes to the staggering importance of blood donations. Seeing the public inventory so low is even more painful after her experience over the past year-and-a-half.

"It hurts because not only is it our child who's in need of blood, but being in Sick Kids Hospital for a month straight and seeing the children in there … everybody needs to donate," she said.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0003331-f9fced02dcb217ad30b07c1ab3149f64.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006120 00000000000 015272  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A survey of the various pundits show that, yes indeed, President Obama won the second presidential debate against Mitt Romney. Funny how when real people are involved, Mitt Romney falls to pieces.

Sarah Boxer ‏@Sarah_Boxer More from @CBSNews poll of uncommitted voters- Who would do better job helping middle class? 56% Obama, 43% Romney

John Weaver ‏@JWGOP This actually was better than Obama was even in 2008. His best debate performance as a presidential candidate. Period.

Ezra Klein ‏@ezraklein Romney won the first debate by a larger margin than I expected. Obama won the second debate by a larger margin than I expected.

Chris Matthews ‏@hardball_chris Obama won big on W policies and equal treatment for women and on taxes before that. He is way ahead. #debates

grace wyler ‏@grace_lightning How Barack Obama Won The Presidential Debate http://read.bi/RAaTC8

Ethan Klapper ‏@ethanklapper Obama won tonight’s debate. Romney had disastrous answer on Libya. Bad answers on paycheck fairness, gun control.

Ron Fournier ‏@ron_fournier Obama nailed the close

Abby Huntsman ‏@HuntsmanAbby: #Obama continues to prove to the American people that he is Commander in Chief – looked very strong in foreign policy exchange.

POLITICO Video ‏@POLITICOvideo VandeHei : Obama crisper & stronger #POLITICOLIVE

Patricia Zengerle ‏@ReutersZengerle Col leagues on scene report that an army of Democrats is pouring into the spin room – no Republicans yet. Who won? #debate

Zeke Miller ‏@ZekeJMiller And the Obama surrogates are first into the spin room with a dramatic walk-in

Charlie Spiering ‏@charliespiering My take: Obama did better in debate, caught Romney on several zingers

M. Ambinder ‏@ThePEOC I watched from the debate hall, didn’t see how it looked, don’t know what others are saying. My early impression: Obama killed it.

Andrew Sullivan ‏@sullydish Obama has won every single exchange in this debate; and he has also appeared calmer and more authoritative. http://thebea.st/V7xk8A

Ben Smith ‏@BuzzFeedBen Video of the libya exchange, the moment Obama won the debate.http://youtu.be/a- sp0b33fbs

Corey Dade ‏@coreydadeNPR Obama touches all bases: I believe free enterprise, self-reliance, individual initiative, all getting a fair shot, paying their fair share.

michaelhirsh ‏@michaelphirsh Whoa. Obama saves his 47 percent ref for last … smart, effective. And no chance for comeback. He wins, no question.

Charlie Spiering ‏@charliespiering My take: Obama did better in debate, caught Romney on several zingers

Tim Dickinson ‏@7im Brooks: Obama won the debate

Ari Melber @AriMelber Probably the best debate of Obama’s career, a U-turn from first debate – @maddow

Joshua Green @JoshuaGreen Well, I thought it was near-rout for Obama. Curious what snap polls say.

Ethan Klapper @ethanklapper Obama won tonight’s debate. Romney had disastrous answer on Libya. Bad answers on paycheck fairness, gun control.

AdamSerwer @AdamSerwer Yeah Obama won that debate.

Ethan Klapper @ethanklapper Race is reset, and Romney’s bounce is probably done after this. Especially among women.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0003432-cf00a765396781d52b8d450046d50057.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003313 00000000000 014515  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                         Play  Facebook

 Twitter

 Google Plus

 Embed  Clinton Says She Will Not Run a 'Campaign of Insults' 0:28 autoplay  autoplay  Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/701663299609" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Hillary Clinton told NBC News' Lester Holt on Wednesday that she will not go insult-for-insult with Donald Trump in what has already been a nasty general election campaign.

"He can run a campaign of insults. I'm running a campaign of issues that are going to produce results for the American people," Clinton said in an interview airing on NBC Nightly News on Wednesday.

Clinton said Trump is "temperamentally unfit" to be president, while Trump has gone after Clinton for everything from her use of a private email server to controversies surrounding former President Bill Clinton's administration.

Clinton became the first presumptive female presidential nominee for a major party this week, though Democratic rival Bernie Sanders has vowed to fight to the convention next month. The former secretary of state, however, did not call on Sanders to end his campaign.

"When it doesn't work out I know that feeling, it is a hard one and it takes time to really work through it so we are reaching out through our campaign to his campaign," she told Holt.

Clinton secured a majority of pledged delegates during Tuesday's nominating contests -- eight years to the day when she ended her first presidential run.

"I am going to do everything I can to make it possible for him to be a good partner in our ongoing efforts to, you know, pursue these goals that I mentioned and to defeat Donald Trump," Clinton said.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0003433-573994714fa26175a3bfdad69528fc9c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003505 00000000000 015047  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        







Defcon X was formed on the belief that efficient communication and effective cohesion can overcome overwhelming odds. We have a maximum player cap of 144 and prefer quality players over quantity of players. Not everyone will be accepted into our outfit.





The formula for our outfit is:

⦁ Training (e.g., 1v1/squad scrims, flight/ground school, and leading)

⦁ Operations (highly organized play)

⦁ Farming (fun and casual play)





Our Doctrine

On the battlefield, change is constant, and targets of opportunities appear and disappear quickly. We believe in a Quick Reaction Force that can quickly adapt to the change on the battlefield. A QRF can strike targets deep in enemy territory or stop a incoming attack by destroying High Value Targets that disrupts the enemies supply chains.





This QRF is team focused, highly organized, and comprised of highly motivated individuals. These individuals tirelessly train towards specialized warfare yielding loadouts designed specifically to counter enemies and their movements. In a QRF, each individual is given a unique assignment and responsibility that ensures the success of their squad/platoon/outfit goals.













Our Code

Conduct:

Respect - Treat others with dignity, humility, and professionalism.

Adaptability - Be willing to change to the challenges in front of you.

Responsiveness - Be able to quickly disseminate information and react with appropriate action.

Personal Development - Be willing to continuously improve your skills and level of gameplay.

Join Teamspeak - We use Teamspeak to maximize communication up-time and to foster our community.

Follow orders from your platoon and squad leaders - Never question the order, this creates chaos and is a detractor to any order given.

Communicate appropriately - Battle Comms/Clear Comms/Loose Comms.

Requirements                                                                                                                                                                                           0003381-29a6e226049929fc78fc56f77fa8f4d6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004231 00000000000 015066  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        

Women might not see equal pay for decades. (iStock)

After graduating from college, men and women earn almost the same amount -- and in some fields, even more -- during their first years in the workforce, according to new research from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

Too bad it doesn’t last.

Economists Jaison A. Abel and Richard Deitz found that women who have recently graduated from college make about 97 cents for every dollar their male counterparts take home -- a much narrower gap than the national average of 82 cents. In fact, for 29 of the 73 majors they analyzed, women actually outearned men. The traditional gender pay disparity was reversed in fields ranging from philosophy to aerospace engineering to social services.

But victory -- if you can call it that -- is fleeting. By the time men and women reach the middle of their careers, between the ages of 35 and 45, the gender pay gap is back and bigger than before. Mid-career college-educated women make just 85 cents for every dollar paid to their male coworkers. Even worse, those fields in which women outearned men? The tables have turned.

Women who majored in construction services, for example, enjoyed an 8 percent premium over men when they were fresh out of college. But within a few years, men’s wages outpace women’s by 24 percent.

So once again, women are stuck taking two steps forward and one step back. The reasons why are outside the scope of the research, though the authors suggest several theories.

If the gender pay disparity is an example of discrimination against female workers, perhaps it manifests more strongly later in a career. The pay gap could also be more about motherhood than gender. In the first years after graduating from college, most workers -- male or female -- are single and childless. But by mid-career, many of them have started families. And since most of the burden of childcare -- and all of the burden of childbirth -- falls on women, several studies have shown that working mothers’ wages and career prospects take a hit as a result.

"It’s not clear what’s driving these differences," Deitz said. "It’s something we wanted to start a conversation about.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0003507-a87ce2c38239ff9b3e1b1374a20fc741.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000043236 00000000000 015110  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Most people enter the self-help realm while planning a personal improvement project, a kind of steam-cleaning of the soul. I fell into it by mistake. Maybe the allusion to a familiar poem was what made me pull M Scott Peck’s The Road Less Travelled (1978) off my parents’ shelf as a young teen. In any case, I was hooked. Beset by typical middle‑school problems – bullies, fickle friends, chronic wallflower-dom – I was intrigued by the claim of this psychiatrist from Connecticut that suffering could have a noble and necessary purpose, as long as you showed the fortitude to tackle your issues head-on. ‘When we avoid the legitimate suffering that results from dealing with problems,’ Peck wrote, ‘we also avoid the growth that problems demand from us.’

A budding skeptic confronted with an array of belief systems, I felt that Peck’s emphasis on dedication to truth helped to ground me. And when I was tempted to nurse crushes as an alcoholic might a sloe gin fizz, Peck was there to remind me that true love involved a conscious choice to nurture the other partner’s wellbeing. Seekers in past generations might have found refuge in Rainer Maria Rilke or the Bible; I turned to the fatherly Peck, a remote but magnanimous presence who advocated self-discipline as the path to growth and happiness.

In the following years, I adopted other adolescent bibles, including Reviving Ophelia: Saving the Selves of Adolescent Girls (1994) by the psychologist Mary Pipher. The book decried a toxic, sexualised culture that, as Pipher wrote, ‘limits girls’ development [and] truncates their wholeness’, arguing for new cultural ideals valuing all young women’s gifts. I obsessively re‑read Ophelia in the spirit of self-help, to gain insight into my new, foreign-feeling body and mind, and was cheered by its message that my looks didn’t have to determine my destiny.

Standard-bearers such as Peck and Pipher made me feel that I could read my way to a better life. And as it turns out, my teenage conviction might not have been too far off the mark. Studies show that self-help books can resolve readers’ depressed moods, change ingrained thought patterns, and instill a renewed zest for life – as long as the advice within is scientifically sound.

For many patients, so-called ‘bibliotherapy’ seems to work as well as talk therapy or drugs such as Prozac. In an ideal world, says the psychologist John Norcross at the University of Scranton, self-help books would be tried early in the course of therapy; medications and other intensive treatments would be a last resort, reserved for more serious cases. With ‘psychosis, suicide, emergencies, you get immediately to the professionals. But for most people, why not start with a book?’

Its New Age veneer aside, the self-help genre has been evolving and thriving for millennia. Canonical books of all cultures are full of advice on how to live a more moral and satisfying life. The Upanishads, written by Hindu sages from an ethnically diverse Indian society, emphasised the necessity of treating others with tolerance and respect. ‘For those who live magnanimously,’ one book states, ‘the entire world constitutes but a family’ – advice that continues to help readers navigate today’s pluralistic India. The Jewish thinkers who wrote the Bible’s Old Testament in the 7th century BCE advised the narrow yet fulfilling path of strict adherence to God’s commandments, which seemed a fitting, unifying maxim for a people often beset by empires waging attack.

One of the earliest self-help guides in wide circulation was Marcus Cicero’s De Officis (On Duties), which the Roman politician wrote as a letter to his son. Cicero advised the younger Marcus to focus on meeting obligations to others, even if it required great sacrifice, and warned him away from shallow sources of gratification. ‘Brave he surely cannot possibly be that counts pain the supreme evil,’ Cicero wrote, ‘nor temperate he that holds pleasure to be the supreme good.’ This advice was rooted in Roman mos maiorum (ancestral custom), which emphasised loyalty to the empire above one’s own wellbeing – an ironclad moral code that fuelled the empire’s expansion for many years.

Centuries later, farmers, tradespeople and politicians laboured mightily to establish the still-young United States as an economic and social power. The new country’s citizens – who often lived off the land and took pride in stalwart self-sufficiency – found kindred spirits in self-help spokesmen such as Henry David Thoreau and Ralph Waldo Emerson, both of whom emphasised the sacrifice and struggle required to lead a meaningful life. ‘A great man is always willing to be little,’ Emerson opined in an 1841 essay. ‘When he is pushed, tormented, defeated, he has a chance to learn something.’

But by the mid-20th century, such self-abnegation was no longer in vogue. The prosperous Western economy was fuelling a generation of opportunists obsessed with maximising and flaunting their talents. A flurry of self-help books arrived to mark this transition, including Dale Carnegie’s How to Win Friends and Influence People (1936).

Peck’s pull-no-punches opening sentence: ‘Life is difficult’ delivered an old message of discipline and restraint that was striking a new chord

Overnight, it seemed, personal agency and self-insight had become hot commodities – Freudian psychoanalysis was all the rage – and the new self-help titles initially seemed to offer a painless shot at a certain kind of lasting change, one based on consciously shifting your thought patterns. In the 1950s, Norman Vincent Peale’s The Power of Positive Thinking (1952) ruled bestseller lists with its promise that changing your inner monologue could boost the quality of your life. ‘Think positively,’ he wrote, ‘and you set in motion positive forces which bring positive results to pass.’

Thomas Harris’s classic I’m OK, You’re OK (1969) taught readers that when they put their minds to a realistic assessment of their personal worth, their lives and relationships would improve. Harris went as far as to say that many of the world’s problems could be better tackled if more people would speak to each other as reasonable adults, rather than unthinkingly allowing past childhood wounds to colour everyday interactions.

But as the era’s optimism and hippie excess faded, the tenor of self-help books shifted accordingly. The Road Less Travelled attracted a new, larger following in the no-nonsense 1980s, when the book hit the New York Times bestseller list for the first time. Peck’s pull-no-punches opening sentence: ‘Life is difficult’ delivered an old message of discipline and restraint that was striking a new chord.

These days, the self-help landscape seems to be split in two. On the one hand, the culture’s growing insistence on empiricism has left a clear stamp on the genre. Gone is the relatively freewheeling prose of How to Win Friends and Influence People and even The Road Less Travelled, which mainly espouse the authors’ personal views rather than particular scientific theories or schools of thought. They’ve been succeeded by books such as David Burns’s Feeling Good: The New Mood Therapy (1980), Martin Seligman’s Learned Optimism: How to Change Your Mind and Your Life (1990), and Carol Dweck’s Mindset: The New Psychology of Success (2006), all of which cite one scientific study after another to bolster their recommendations for behavioural change. Many of today’s popular science books also advertise some sort of self-help takeaway. Malcolm Gladwell’s David and Goliath (2013), marshalls research describing how people can turn perceived weaknesses (dyslexia, childhood trauma) into strengths – a message tailor-made for self-improvement boosters.

Yet alongside the science-backed titles are those that peddle unsupported, even unhinged, claims. The bestselling The Secret (2006) by the TV writer Rhonda Byrne asserts that our thoughts send vibrations into the universe, which affects what happens in our lives. Good thoughts, the theory goes, create good outcomes, while bad thoughts create bad ones. ‘If any events or moments did not go the way you wanted, replay them in your mind in a way that thrills you,’ Byrne writes. ‘As you recreate those events in your mind exactly as you want, you are cleaning up your frequency from the day and you are emitting a new signal and frequency for tomorrow.’

Discerning researchers have started calling out the woo-peddlers in recent years, proving that a self-help principle’s popularity is no guarantee of its quality. In a 1999 study at the University of California, Los Angeles, students who visualised themselves scoring high on an upcoming test actually scored lower and devoted less time to preparation than students who did not visualise this outcome. And in a 2009 study, the psychologist Joanne Wood at the University of Waterloo found that people who had low self-esteem to begin with actually felt worse after parroting positive statements about themselves. So the power of positive thinking touted in books such as The Secret can be little more than a mirage. ‘Concluding that it works based on personal experience does not constitute rigorous research,’ Wood says.

Other advice commonly dispensed in self-help books – such as that venting your anger will diminish it or, if you’re feeling down, you should fill your mind with happy thoughts – have likewise failed to stand up to scientific scrutiny, as the psychologist Jeremy Dean points out. But as wayward as some self-help guidance can be, the genre also offers advice that is strikingly on the mark, even transformational. A handful of recent studies have underscored bibliotherapy’s potential to help create positive life change, as long as the book’s underlying tenets are sound. Depressed people in a 2010 trial at the University of Nevada thrived when they read Feeling Good, which navigates readers through the process – endorsed by cognitive-behavioural therapy (CBT) – of identifying their negative thoughts, assessing whether those thoughts were distorted, and if so replacing the thoughts with more logical, reality-based ones. Study participants in the bibliotherapy group showed as much mood improvement as members of another group who received ‘usual care’, including antidepressant prescriptions.

Self-help readers can maximise mental-health benefits by demanding at least some proof that the books they choose deliver on their promise

And in a 2013 study at the University of Glasgow, depressed subjects who used Chris William’s workbooks on overcoming depression were compared with subjects who received standard depression treatment, which included monitoring, antidepressants and referral to a psychologist. Four months after the start of the study, members of the bibliotherapy group scored several points lower on the Beck Depression Inventory than did members of the standard-care group.

Norcross endorses the idea that the right self-help books could serve some patients better than antidepressants or other psychoactive drugs, and without such common side effects as mood blunting, sleeplessness and sexual dysfunction. ‘Antidepressants are horribly over-prescribed. It’s particularly true for mild disorders that we know respond to self-help,’ he says. ‘We endorse a self-care approach. You start with the least expensive, most accessible materials.’

Norcross is well aware that the self-help canon is a lot like the patent medicine industry of the late 1800s, replete with products promising personal transformation, few of them offering proven effectiveness. So should self-help books be held to a scientific standard of proof? Norcross thinks so. ‘There should probably be some regulation. I’m one of those people that believes there needs to be an FDA [US Food and Drug Administration] equivalent for this.’

But Norcross knows it’s wishful thinking to expect clinical trials for self-help books, so he developed a less labour-intensive way to assess the books’ mettle. He surveyed a group of more than 2,500 psychologists, asking them to rate the effectiveness of self-help titles their clients had tried. Feeling Good emerged on top of the heap, with an average score of 1.51 on a scale from -2 (worst) to 2 (best). A handful of autobiographies scored almost as well, including William Styron’s Darkness Visible (1990) and Kay Jamison’s An Unquiet Mind (1995), perhaps because they outline concrete coping strategies while also helping mood-disorder sufferers feel they’re not alone.

Since Norcross conducted his survey, the UK’s National Health Service has given bibliotherapy a real-world road test. Through a programme called Reading Well Books on Prescription, patients with mild to moderate depression borrow library books such as Burns’s The Feeling Good Handbook (1990) or Frank Tallis’s How to Stop Worrying (1990) on doctors’ orders. Health authorities have endorsed all the books in the programme as offering evidence-based benefits, and it has good reviews from the reading public. In one survey of the Warwickshire region, three in four respondents ‘strongly agreed’ that Books on Prescription had improved their wellbeing.

Norcross’s research and the Books on Prescription results suggest that discriminating self-help readers can maximise mental-health benefits by demanding at least some proof that the books they choose deliver on their promise. This might mean that experts confirm a book contains valid principles, that the author cites peer-reviewed studies to support key points, or that the book has demonstrably helped a significant number of people. (Norcross’s studies have found no correlation between a book’s popularity and its effectiveness, so he warns against surface criteria such as sales numbers and celebrity endorsements.) Bibliotherapy is probably best undertaken with the guidance of a trained therapist – someone who can help readers assess how well the approach is working, offer advice on how to put self-help principles into practice, or recommend stronger treatment if appropriate.

When we pore endlessly over self-help titles, we’re groping for something more profound – to infuse our plodding lives with new texture and meaning

Once a particular book meets basic effectiveness benchmarks, the final verdict is more dependent on each seeker’s unique sensibilities. Self-help’s empirical shift has been a boon: readers can now proceed with more confidence that the end results will be worth the effort invested. But this shift has also given rise to many books that aim to help readers solve specific, bounded problems (depression, pessimism, relational conflict, social anxiety) rather than offering broader insights about how to live. Decades ago, when educated people regarded psychotherapy as a basic tool for carving out a fulfilled existence, it was only natural that self-help books such as Harris’s and Peck’s tracked the zeitgeist, guiding people to achieve the deep-rooted life satisfaction Aristotle called eudaimonia. Nowadays, therapy tends to focus more on healing well-defined mental pathology, and much recent self-help literature does the same.

Still, through all these changes in intellectual fashion, our desire for eudaimonia remains as strong as ever. In his writings, Norcross has pegged the self-help movement as part of the ‘human quest to understand and conquer behavioural disorders’, but many readers would find that description incomplete. When we pore endlessly over self-help titles, most of us aren’t just looking to resolve our problems one by one, with a to-do list mentality. We’re groping for something more profound – to infuse our plodding lives with new texture and meaning.

That’s why the psychologist Susan Krauss Whitbourne at the University of Massachusetts thinks it’s important to approach each self-help title with subjective attention to whether the content resonates on a deep level. ‘You want to look at: Is this something that’s going to work? What do I see in there that relates to me personally?’ It’s that sense of connection with a book, Whitbourne believes, that lets readers forge a therapeutic alliance with the author, boosting the odds that a literary meeting of the minds will spur genuine change.

Having dipped into self-help books with a strong empirical bent, I can attest that the benefits are real. I’m convinced that Feeling Good, with its well-vetted techniques to combat negative thinking, helped lift me out of a stubborn bout of depression. As someone prone to descend into spirals of dark thought, I also benefited from the advice of Burns’ colleague, psychiatrist Aaron Beck, who recommends keeping a ‘Daily Record of Dysfunctional Thoughts’. Writing down my exaggerated thoughts, identifying the errors they contained, and rebutting them with more logical thoughts helped keep my problems in perspective. The thought-challenging exercises reinforced a critical truth – I didn’t have to buy into everything my sometimes-overheated brain was telling me. My book-inspired course of self-therapy, I now believe, helped me as much as my sessions with a psychologist.

Even so, when I encounter a future crisis of the soul, the eminently practical Feeling Good won’t be the only book I reach for. I might also pick up The Road Less Travelled, with its time-tested wisdom about finding meaning in struggle. Or I might open Darkness Visible, the unforgettable testimony of a writer who found the way back from his own personal hell. When it comes to achieving eudaimonia, we are all lone cosmonauts fumbling our way. The literature we choose to guide us should supply proven advice we can trust. But it should also, as Franz Kafka wrote, be ‘the axe for the frozen sea within us’, bludgeoning us in ways that awaken us to the extraordinary.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0003415-27261eb5f5dc5bc8bf73d4f4fedf0665.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003247 00000000000 015341  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        



The story is a rich one with themes of remembrance and loss, incorporating mad moon rulers, feuding immortal sisters and magic formed from emotional bonds... so it's rather up my alley. Plus it has a sword wielding protector monkey, an archer beetle (or a beetle archer?), legendary swords and armor, epic origami and more all wrapped up in an engaging hero's quest. It really is a fun and touching time at the theater that I can't recommend enough!



this trailer for it , and after finally getting to see it this weekend I really wanted to draw something from it. What an absolutely gorgeous film... I had loved Laika's previous film "Coraline" based on the Neil Gaiman novel, but they surely have topped themselves with the stop-motion animation in this latest release.The story is a rich one with themes of remembrance and loss, incorporating mad moon rulers, feuding immortal sisters and magic formed from emotional bonds... so it's rather up my alley. Plus it has a sword wielding protector monkey, an archer beetle (or a beetle archer?), legendary swords and armor, epic origami and more all wrapped up in an engaging hero's quest. It really is a fun and touching time at the theater that I can't recommend enough!

This one is a bit unexpected, I'm sure... I had been looking forward to seeing "Kubo and the Two Strings" ever since I sawFor a glimpse of the encounter above, check out the video for the film's cover of "While My Guitar Gently Weeps" , and see this film if you get the chance... It's playing now in the US, has gotten rave reviews and is sure to get a Best Animated Feature nomination at next year's Oscars, yet it is not getting near the attention that I think it deserves.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0003462-8ffc33b92c9c9be25918f986e045643c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002523 00000000000 015060  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Marco Verratti has been photographed with a copy of Mundo Deportivo which has a headline linking him with Barcelona, although the Paris Saint-Germain midfielder would not make any comment on his future to the Catalonia-based newspaper.

Verratti, 24, who has been joined on holiday in Ibiza by agent Donato Di Campli, told the paper that he "cannot talk about my future right now."

Several reports have linked the Italy international with a move to the Camp Nou, and former Barca defender Eric Abidal said he believed he would be an ideal signing.

"He has everything needed to play here [at Barcelona]," Abidal told Mundo Deportivo.

"Barca have played against PSG a lot in recent seasons, and when Verratti is not playing you can see the difference. He is a star Barca have to sign."

Abidal has also said he believes Borussia Dortmund attacker Ousmane Dembele would be another good addition, telling SPORT: "Dembele is a good representative of the French academy system, which always brings through good players.

"I thought that last year when he left Rennes he would come to Barca because he has a lot of talent. "Could he come now? I do not know. Anything is possible and it would be a great signing.

"He is a dangerous player with a lot of quality. A player so young needs to play, but to come to Barcelona would also be a plus for him, to keep growing."                                                                                                                                                                             0003445-afa06c4b1f8be0c82b35731ec99f84d1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004561 00000000000 015250  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        President Trump uttered one of his trademark quasi-dictatorial assertions during a Thursday-night interview with Laura Ingraham on her new show The Ingraham Angle (is that the permanent name, Fox News? You’re sticking with that?).

Ingraham asked Trump about the massive number of vital diplomatic jobs that have remained vacant at the State Department as Rex Tillerson continues to systematically gut the agency — though she approached the crisis as worse news for Trump than for the United States.

Trump says he's not worried about unfilled State Department roles b/c "the one that matters is me. I am the only one that matters." pic.twitter.com/JxcWiy7ozY — Aaron Rupar (@atrupar) November 3, 2017

“Your State Department still has some unfilled positions. Are you worried that the State Department doesn’t have enough Donald Trump nominees in there to push your vision through?” Ingraham asked, adding that “there’s a concern that the State Department is currently undermining your agenda.”

Trump responded with his customary eloquence and clarity of mind.

“So we don’t need all the people they want,” Trump said. “I’m a businessman, and I tell my people, ‘When you don’t need to fill slots, don’t fill them.’ But we have some people that I’m not happy with there. Lemme tell you, the one that matters is me. I’m the only one that matters, because when it comes to it, that’s what the policy is going to be.”

Trump then blamed Chuck Schumer and Democrats for obstructing nominees (which is definitely not what’s happening) and defended “cost saving” as a diplomatic strategy.

The autocratic egoism on display echoed several previous Trump moments, from his campaign ad released earlier in the week (“President Trump will fix it”) to his frightening speech at the Republican National Convention speech in 2016.

And it wasn’t the only authoritarian-infused section of the Ingraham interview. Trump also defended comments from Wednesday, in which he referred to the U.S. criminal justice system as a “joke” and “laughingstock” for not prosecuting terrorists faster.

He also called Donna Brazile’s account of Hillary Clinton’s Democratic National Committee “takeover” a “major story,” comments that served as a nice entree into his tweets Friday morning, in which he urged his Justice Department to go after Clinton.

Norms, schnorms.                                                                                                                                               0003528-0284a0fa399ee82fb9b5ee5347e0a0ee.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010150 00000000000 015245  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        There have been some bad debates so far in this presidential elections.

I mean, really bad.

We've seen candidates act like children and moderators like doofuses.

CNBC was rightfully skewered last week for asking Republicans questions both petty and spiteful.

Moderator John Harwood's first question to Donald Trump — asking the billionaire whether his candidacy was really just "a comic-book version of a presidential campaign" — was a perfect example.

As if Harwood thought Trump might respond: Why, yes, John, it is. What an insightful inquiry.

Harwood's salvo would've been better suited as a blog rant than a debate opener.

However, one of the big problems when moderators throw out harebrained bombs early on is they allow candidates to dismiss legitimate questions later.

Florida's own Marco Rubio took spectacular advantage of that.

Moderator Becky Quick asked Rubio to explain a litany of well-documented financial problems from his past.

Said Quick: "You accidentally intermingled campaign money with your personal money. You faced foreclosure on a second home that you bought. And just last year, you liquidated a $68,000 retirement fund … that cost you thousands of dollars in taxes and penalties" — all to ask whether Rubio had the ability to handle the nation's finances.

Rubio refused to answer, describing the question as "a litany of discredited attacks from Democrats and my political opponents."

That's simply not true.

Rubio has a string of financial messes, personal and political. And anyone who watched his record in Florida knows it.

He was mired in debt, even while living a life of limo rides and travel and telling others to live within their means.

Don't take it from me. Take it from court documents. And investigative reports.

Heck, take it from conservative commentator Joe Scarborough, a former GOP congressman from Florida who has offered hearty defenses of Rubio in the past.

After the debate, Scarborough was incredulous.

"Marco just flat-out lied to the American people there," Scarborough said, going on to ridicule the audience cheering his denials. "Everybody's going, 'Oh, Marco was great.' No, Marco lied about his financials."

The facts are all there.

See, I can't claim to have watched Ben Carson, Bernie Sanders or Donald Trump up close during the past decade.

But I have watched Rubio. And he has been dogged by financial and ethical questions from the moment he became Florida House speaker and immediately spent $559,000 in taxpayer money to renovate offices and build a new members-only dining room.

He entered the Florida Legislature nearly broke and with $30,000 in credit-card debt — but managed to live high on the hog thanks to a GOP credit card funded largely by special interests that wanted legislative favors.

He used this Amex to charge everything from plane trips to limo rides. Even stone pavers at his home, an incident he described in his book as a mistake.

Once, he was caught double-billing taxpayers and the GOP for the same airfare.

Rubio's home did indeed face foreclosure. Not his family's house, mind you. A second house he owned with a legislative buddy. Court records said they stopped paying the mortgage for five months.

And while railing against government spending, Rubio snagged an unadvertised teaching position at a taxpayer-funded university and crafted a budget that included $800,000 for artificial turf at his former flag-football team's home field. Gov. Charlie Crist — of all people — vetoed it.

Rubio has admitted most of this, repaying improper expenditures and expressing regret for what he called mistakes. But last week facts became "discredited attacks."

Listen, people can forgive financial pitfalls. But they don't like dishonesty … especially when it's about money and largess connected to public service.

I still think Rubio's debate performance — especially his emasculation of one-time mentor Jeb Bush — will help him rise in the polls.

His assets are his life story, his stage presence and his doe-eyed delivery.

Rubio's baggage is his actual track record — much of which runs counter to the virtues he claims to embrace.

smaxwell@orlandosentinel.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0003254-5e716629d3e7af12c16127bd1d84b3fd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005562 00000000000 015110  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        



MARTINSBURG – A Berkeley County doctor is suing the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs over alleged wrongful termination.

Ning Shen filed suit on Jan. 4 in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of West Virginia against Robert A. MacDonald, secretary of the VA, claiming the defendants violated Title VII of the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964.

Shen claims she was wrongfully terminated and discriminated against due to her participation in the Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) process. Her suit says she was employed by the defendant at the VA Medical Center in Martinsburg from February 2008 to Sept. 11, 2014. She claims that her supervisor began to harass her, putting an unbearable workload on her and ridiculing her English-language skills.

Shen alleges she tried to resolve the issues internally but claims the medical center’s management ignored her, and says she initiated the EEO process in August 2009. Shen claims that after she initiated the EEO process, the medical center’s chief of staff, Jonathan Fierer, led at least a half-dozen attempts to terminate her employment, beginning around February 2010 and ending with her termination on Sept. 11, 2014.

During that time period, the suit alleges, Shen settled her EEO complaint in April 2013, with a reassignment to a position as a physician reviewer in the defendant's compensation and pension department. After settling the complaint, the suit claims, management continued to harass Shen and omitted her from the organizational chart, failed to assign her a direct supervisor, failed to issue her a position description, failed to issue her a functional statement for six months, and failed to give her more than two hours of work per day on average. Shen claims that this treatment culminated on June 12, 2014, when the defendant allegedly proposed to terminate her just two days after the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) stopped monitoring the defendant for compliance in connection with Shen’s discrimination complaint and settlement. The proposed termination was issued at Fierer’s urging and approval, the suit alleges. Shen claims she then filed another discrimination complaint, and that the defendant allegedly offered to mitigate the termination if Shen withdrew her complaint. Shen refused and was fired, the suit says.

Shen is suing for back pay with interest; reinstatement to the same position, duties, and status she would have had but for the alleged retaliation, or front pay in lieu of reinstatement; compensatory damages for emotional distress and reputational harm; injunctive relief to prevent future violations; attorney fees and expenses; and any other reward deemed proper by the court. She is demanding a trial by jury and is represented by David Hammer of Hammer, Ferretti & Schiavoni in Martinsburg.

U.S District Court for the Northern District Of West Virginia Case number 3:16-cv-1-GMG                                                                                                                                              0003369-dcbaba29976f4244aefdc240670c616a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014156 00000000000 015247  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        It just sat there.

The ball sat there on the Washington Redskins 27 yard line.

Ryan Kerrigan, just two seconds ago, had violently knocked it out of Carson Wentz’s hands. It bounced and wobbled from the 25 yard line back two yards and just sat there.

It was as if someone had pressed pause on the DVR. Kerrigan was on top of Wentz and Chris Baker was on top of Kerrigan. In a permanent 3 Stooges pose, all three could see the ball and all three looked at it helplessly as it just sat there.

Time moved slowly as if it were some horrible dream where there’s a monster about to eat you alive and suddenly your legs can only move an inch at a time and you can’t run away. The agony!

As many Redskins fans undoubtedly screamed at their televisions over and over again: “Pick it up you idiots! Pick it up!”

Trent Murphy magically, triumphantly appeared from what must of been a Stargate wormhole and scooped up the loose ball ending the suffering and worry for Redskins fans everywhere.

There could not have been a more appropriate ending to this game in which either team could have won if only someone would just take control once and for all, and put us all out of our emotional suffering.

The rollercoaster of emotions began from the beginning of the game, until the very end. Allowing the Redskins to continue to dream about the playoffs for one more week. Although it is becoming increasingly clear that it might be just that, a dream. But more on that later.

The Redskins defense began by allowing another long drive to start the game but held the Eagles to just 3 points. It appeared at first that the Eagles offense was going to come out aggressively and set the tone on this maligned Redskins defense on just their 2nd possession when they went marching down the field again and were at the Redskins 3 yard line when Wentz threw a touchback interception to cornerback Deshazor Everett in the endzone. Redskin fans surely praised all the gods when that play was made I can tell you.

It was one of the many turning points in this game, as the Redskins took away sure points from the Eagles. Disappointingly, the Redskins marched down the field only to have kicker Dustin Hopkins hit the crossbar yet again this year and attain the low honor of missing the most field goals for NFL kickers this year. The Redskin front office should most definitely send Hopkins a message by having some kickers tryout on Monday to at least see what they have, if only to send the message that his inconsistency will not be tolerated.

Thankfully by the time the 2nd quarter had rolled around, the Redskins seemed to find their footing and helped Robb “Fat Robb” Kelley make an excellent 22 yard rumbling touchdown play and place themselves back in control of the game.

The Eagles would go on to score and take back the lead with just 38 seconds left in the 2nd quarter sending both teams to their locker rooms with the Eagles leading 13-7.

Then surprisingly, in the 3rd quarter the Redskins used the hurry up offense and Kirk Cousins threw a rainbow of a pass that landed over Desean Jackson’s right shoulder in what might of been his best catch of his Redskins career for an 80 yard touchdown pass. It shocked his former team into a state of numbness. Which he reveled in with smiles and laughter. What a villain he has become to his former team, you know it hurts them to see it.

The Eagles on the next ensuing drive, tried to make a field goal with the help of their tight end Brent Celek as the long snapper. The original long snapper had injured their wrist and now Celek was the next man up. It ended poorly as the snap was botched and the Eagles turned the ball over on downs.

Then a small miracle happened. The Redskins marched down the field and scored a touchdown pass off a fade to Pierre Garcon in the Redzone. A fade for a touchdown! A Christmas miracle! God bless us, everyone. The only thing that would of made it sweeter is if it was on 3rd down. That foul demon will have to be slayed at a later time, but for now, the fade monkey seems to have died a glorious death.

The Redskins were up 21-13. They had stopped the Eagles in a three and out and were going to end this game on another long drive right?

Wrong.

The pick six by Eagles cornerback Leodis McKelvin made the game excruciatingly close at 21-19.

With an additional field goal by the Eagles making the game 22-21, which by the way, has a funny story to how it came to be as Celek was also knocked out of the game and the Eagles had to find another long snapper to help make the kick. I dreamt of having one of their fans come drunkenly down on to the field with beer in hand, batteries in pockets and proudly announce that they were here for the coach, hell for the city, if needed. It almost came to be but the Eagles found a professional football player instead to help make the kick.

The Redskins marched down the field on the ensuing possession by converting a crucial 4th down and scored on a pitch to running back Chris Thompson who scrambled 25 yards into the endzone with 1:53 left in the game. Finally giving a short respite for the suffering Redskins fans.

Undoubtedly many Redskin fans at that point in the game also knew there was too much time left for the Eagles to possibly win the game, with the current state of this Redskin defense. Luckily, Kerrigan created havoc, time stood still, and the defense made the play of the game.

While the victory was sweet, the playoffs remain just slightly out of reach. And as the weeks move toward the end of the season it looks less and less likely that Redskin will make the playoffs. Due to the Arizona loss last week they no longer control their own destiny and will need help from some friends and enemies to sneak in.

The Redskins will have to win out in order to get in no matter what happens and it might come down to the last week of the season, if they are lucky. For the Washington Redskins the playoffs do not start in 4 weeks. They have already begun. Lose and they are more than likely out of contention and must turn their eyes toward next year. Win, and they might just get a chance to make some noise and over come some more adversity.

Comments

comments

Powered by Facebook Comments                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0003446-f9cc15110bd50b230935df5b4d99fa33.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000053137 00000000000 015104  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        I’m waiting on line at Urth Caffé when I get a text from Dan Hageman: “You here? We’re out front at a curb table.” The lunchtime bustle at Urth—the most ubiquitously “Los Angeles” coffee spot in downtown—was so crowded that I must have missed Dan and his brother Kevin when I first walked in.

The Hageman brothers (Kevin is 40, Dan, 37) are easy to spot, even amongst the sea of hipster locals. They both wear rectangular glasses, collared shirts, and cozy sweaters, and they share enough of the same facial features to clearly mark them as as brothers—although sometimes that similarity is mistaken for something else.

“Yeah, a lot of the time people will think we’re a couple,” says Dan. Kevin nods, “We go to a lot of business meetings and the first thing the executives will say is ‘So, how did you two meet…?’”

I’ve asked Dan and Kevin to meet me today because I’m enlisting them as the guinea pigs for a new writing project I’m embarking on. It’s been nearly four years since I moved to Los Angeles for college, and in just a few months, I’ll be continuing to live here without the backbone of university to keep me steady. In my time in L.A. I’ve bounced between many career dreams: first I wanted to be an actor, then a screenwriter, then a stand-up comedian, then a journalist, and now my passions lie in the murky gray area between the want for all of these things. I’ve found pieces of success in each of these arenas, but as the deadline to start making a real career for myself draws nearer, I find myself almost choking on fear. Here in the epicenter of The Industry (capital letters) it’s easy to grow desperate at the massive amounts of wealth success that surround you.

So I’ve decided to go out into Hollywoodland and interview as many people as I can who aren’t necessarily the flashiest, most successful artists in the business, but who rather are a working part of the mechanics of the industry; the people whose careers are built on sweat and toil and the persistent, intangible goal of one day “making it big.” I call them “the E-List”: the people who grind the gears of Hollywood and rarely receive the credit—for now.

The Hagemans are ideal first candidates. For starters, they weren’t offended when I used the term “E-List.” But they are also serious working screenwriters in Hollywood whose scripts—which include 2012’s Hotel Transylvania, the massively successful Cartoon Network series Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu, and the soon-to-be-released LEGO Movie—are beginning to find their way into the mainstream Hollywood vernacular. I’m here to pick their brains about how they’ve gotten to where they are, where they hope to go, and what kind of wisdom they have for someone like me, who harbors dreams of screenwriting but no real sense of how to get there.



Haley: So give me a little background about yourselves. You’re not native Los Angelenos—what spurred you to come here and start writing for film?

Dan: We’re from Oregon originally, so we actually feel very much like outsiders.

Kevin: I came here for film school, at Loyola Marymount. Dan and I grew up together making movies—I would direct a lot of, you know, video camera crap. And I would force my brother to be in my movies.

Dan: I was always doing whatever Kevin did. Like if Kevin wanted to take piano lessons, I would start playing the piano. I was always emulating my brother. And then Kevin was really big into acting, and so I went into acting. I always thought whatever he could do, I could do better.

Kevin: And it’s still there, that competition.

Dan: Well the place where he got me was in acting, because even when he was in high school he would get every lead. And then I would go and I would get—

Kevin: That’s not true! I started off with small parts!

Dan: Yeah, but even when you were a freshman you were like, Woody Allen in Play it Again Sam.

Kevin: True, but you always had that huge beard, even when you were 15, so I guess that makes us even.

Haley: So then Kevin went to film school, and you didn’t, Dan?

Dan: Kevin went to film school because he wanted to be a director, and at that time I wanted to go into music for film; film scoring and composition. I thought my brother will get jobs, I’ll write the music to his movies…

Kevin: And we’ll both become famous!

Dan: Of course, when Kevin graduated film school, he had a crisis of faith with the realization of, who the hell’s gonna give him money to make a movie? All of his film buddies’ parents would give them like, twenty grand to make student films, and our parents basically said screw that, you’ve got to do it on your own. Then I’m thinking, “How am I gonna become a famous composer if my brother can’t even get a movie off the ground?” And so we decided to write something.

Kevin: At this time I had recently graduated. I was an unpaid intern and then became an assistant at Dark Horse Entertainment, around the year 2000. And I had a great mentor there named Mike Richardson, and I actually spent 8 years working on the development side, working with writers. And I just kept meeting with these writers and thinking, “Why can’t I do this?” Neither of us ever thought never thought we could write, so we started to print out our favorite screenplays—Raiders of the Lost Ark, Jaws—and we just read the scripts—

Dan: Goonies. That was the first one that we loved so much we printed it out and read it. And we were just like, “Oh my God, this is such a bad script.” I don’t know if you’ve read the original script, but there was originally a scene where the Goonies are attacked by a giant squid, and they escape because Data takes out his Walkman, puts his headphones over the squid’s ears, and the squid just rocks out to Cyndi Lauper. Amazingly bad.

Kevin: So we thought, we could do that.

Dan: That gave us the fire to say, we could probably do something like this. Kevin didn’t go to film school to be a writer, I had some writing skills but nothing professional—

Kevin: I took one screenwriting course and I was like, whatever. I barely got a passing grade.

Dan: But we wrote off our own passion of what we thought would be a really great movie. Our first script was a passion project, but it totally sucked. We loved it; we thought it was the greatest thing in the world. I remember Kevin had shown it to some guy on a plane—like, the assistant stunt double on the movie Predator—

Kevin: And this guy read it and was like, “This is the second best script I’ve ever read, outside of Predator.” He was nobody, but we ate it up.

Haley: There’s definitely a fun effect in Los Angeles, where everyone’s always trying to sell their product or scripts to whoever they think might be buying. You schmooze the guy you think is higher up than you, but he’s schmoozing you because he thinks you might be higher up than him—when really nobody’s anybody and everybody’s just trying to get their screenplay read.

Dan: Oh yeah, because that’s when I said, “I’m moving down to LA! We’ve got talent!” We thought it was our big break. Jokes. I’m telling you the whole story now, of how we went from shit to…wherever we are now.

Kevin: And we literally came from shit. We used to work at a sewer treatment plant. Our father used to build them. So we had this chance to take over a lucrative family company to build, you know, shit factories—

Dan: And we were like, screw this shit.

Kevin: Literally.

Haley: And what did Dad say when you left the family business to work in film?

Dan: Oh, he loves it.

Kevin: He was scared at first, he hated the idea…I just remember there was a Christmas once where we opened up the presents, and Dad was SO excited to give these gifts to us—

Dan: And it was a hard hat and hammers.

Kevin: It was supposed to be the start of us training to work with him. And we were like, “No, we’re artists, we want to move to LA!”

Dan: But there was a nice moment recently where he teared up and said, “You boys don’t need me anymore. You didn’t take the family company, but you made it on your own.” It was a really touching moment.

Haley: But of course, it’s been a long battle, to finally be making a steady living off of screenwriting?

Dan: It never gets easier. It’s an uphill battle every time, and you’re always starting from scratch.

Kevin: And always in today’s climate in risk-averse studios, it’s hard for any creative writers or directors…you need a brand, you need the rights to something big.

Dan: There was a 10-month period where it felt like you had to have Steve Carell attached to your project, or you weren’t getting hired.

Kevin: It took us ten years of writing before anything actually got made. We were tossed around a lot, we had a major screenplay making the rounds—they told us it was gonna sell for 2 million dollars. We had this major meeting at CAA, they’re telling us Steven Spielberg is going to direct—Dan, you cried, didn’t you?

Dan: I was in my Dodge Neon crying on my way to that meeting. I felt like, oh God, we made it.

Kevin: Of course, we didn’t. There was some legal blockage, as there always is, and suddenly we’re being told that not only is our 2 million dollar script worth nothing, but that we can’t ever sell it to anyone, ever.

Haley: So, tell me about how you came to the decision to write as partners.

Kevin: Well I started writing by myself, in film school.

Dan: And that went horribly wrong.

Kevin: It was okay, but when Dan came in, the scripts got better.

Dan: We used to always say it was a heart and mind thing. Kevin was the passion and energy behind a project, where he’ll look at something and say, “This movie has to have this scene, or this moment,” and I’m more of the copywriter who says, “Well if you want to have that moment you need to be able to track that in the structure.”

Haley: And do you ever come into conflict?

Kevin: Whaaaaaat?! No! Yes.

Dan: I mean, it’s difficult to write with your brother, but we’ve met people who are married and write together. It’s so subjective. One of you will be writing some beautiful moment…”and here’s where he’ll take the flower, and reflect on his life…” and the other one is like “HE HAS TO LEAVE THE FLOWER! IF HE TAKES THE FLOWER IT RUINS EVERYTHING!”

Haley: And what happens then?

Dan: I steamroller him. Or Kevin shuts the Skype down.

Kevin: We do a lot over video chat and it’s helpful to just go, BOOP! Goodbye. I’m more of the patient brother, he’s more of the hotheaded, impulsive brother. So he’ll get so tunnel-visioned in that flower moment–

Dan: The flower moment has to resolve now or you are no longer my brother!

Kevin: You’re an idiot for thinking that! Only someone who doesn’t know how to write would resolve the flower moment like that!

Dan: That’s what’s hard with your brother, is you can cut deep. You push buttons.

Kevin: But it also pushes you to find the gem. If you’re writing by yourself you can get stuck in a corner, and it’s so hard to come out of that.

Dan: Think of it like another editor, too. If you’re writing by yourself, it’s a first draft. But when you’re writing with a partner, your first draft is really a second draft because everything’s gone through two different minds. If we turn in a script we both like, we don’t feel indecisive about where it is. And the highs and lows, to share that with somebody, there’s a lot of love. The highs when they come are amazing, and the lows are…manyful.

Kevin: I don’t think “manyful” is a word.

Dan: Excuse me, I’m a professional writer.

Haley: So let’s talk about what’s been working for you. The LEGO Movie is a huge deal, and that’s coming out soon, but I think the real surprise success has been Ninjago.

Dan: We never ever thought we’d see ourselves end up in children’s animation television, but at the time it was presented it to us, we had been working for seven years and nothing was ever produced.

Kevin: This was right after we had set The LEGO Movie, which was great, but there was a lot of politics that come into play, and some really big directors came in and the studio basically said, “Why don’t we let these big directors write this? Why are we letting the Hagemans do this, who don’t have a single thing produced yet?” Which is understandable, of course.

Dan: It really was a good decision by the studio. But we felt a bit like we were in a bum situation. So then Lego comes to us and says, “Well, we have this 44-minute special we want to do about LEGO ninjas.” And we weren’t really sure at first. But then they said, “We are DEFINITELY going to make this.”

Kevin: And we said “Promise?” And they said yes.

Dan: So we said, fine. We will give you 44 minutes of wall-to-wall, action packed awesomeness, and it’s going to kick ass, because all of our pent up frustration is going to go into it. And it was only supposed to be those 44 minutes, to launch a toy line, but it ended up going really well, and it turned into 13 episodes, which turned into 13 more episodes, and now we’re going into our fourth and fifth season. I think it’s actually the number one intellectual property for boys. [in fact, since its launch in 2011, the LEGO brand has credited Ninjago with growth of more than 25%, while capturing 7% of the global toy market. Source: http://cargocollective.com/rvhm/Lego-Ninjago]



Haley: I see Ninjago apparel everywhere. Little kids in Ninjago shirts with Ninjago lunchboxes.

Dan: A couple weeks ago we saw a grown man was wearing a Ninjago shirt, and we were like, LOOK AT THAT!

Kevin: Yeah, like a 44-year-old enormous black homeless man.

Dan: I don’t think he actually chose to wear it. But still!

Haley: So how much of Ninjago is just the two of you? Are there other writers?

Dan: Ninjago is so different from other shows—there is no writer’s room, there’s no showrunner. It’s literally just us writing these scripts. When we were hired to write the first 13 episodes, the first thing we did was call up someone who wrote for TV and basically ask, “How the hell do you write a TV series?” We really learned by the seat of our pants. Fake it ‘til you make it. We know what we want to see, we know what we don’t want to see. And you just kind of write towards that. LEGO came to us with a very simple approach: four ninjas, Sensei Wu, and a bad guy. What LEGO did well is that they understood that this was a toy commercial, but if we’re just writing a toy commercial, there’s no fun in that. At the same time, Dan and I didn’t mind writing a project that has to have, say, a tank with a grappling hook in it, because tanks with grappling hooks are cool. And also ninjas are cool.

Kevin: So we came in and we wanted to bring a Star Wars quality of mysticism and magic and really make it a world, a universe. So we said, this isn’t about ninjas collecting weapons, it’s about a brother saving his sister. And we brought the emotion into the story.

Dan: There was a little bit of pushback in bringing a girl character into the story.

Kevin: But now there’s a real large growing girl audience for the show—something like 30% of our viewers are female.

Dan: Teenage girls, too. There’s kind of a Twilight Team Edward thing going on, when girls are into Team Cole or Jay.

Kevin: It’s become a great synergy with LEGO now, where they’ll create toys that inspire us, and we’ll put them in the show, or we’ll have ideas and they’ll design a toy off the scripts.

Dan: Everyone kind of signed off, from to the musicians to the composers to the animators, on really raising their bar. We all understand it’s a toy thing, but we all want to make it more than just a toy thing.

Kevin: I mean, we treat this very seriously. When we first started to write the actual series, we had to do 13 or 26 episodes, and the producers suggested we just follow a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles format: close-ended, half-hour, disposable episodes. But we didn’t want to watch that. We were inspired by these wonderful serialized adventures we loved—Indiana Jones, Star Wars—and we thought, why can’t we make something like that for kids?

Dan: It made you believe in the world. We were talking to the Cartoon Network about why kids have embraced it so much. And they were saying that all the content that’s out there is all just rehashing of their parent’s stuff: Transformers, GI Joe, Avengers. But Ninjago is the first world they feel is their own. They know the names; they know how to pronounce Lord Garmadon.



Haley: You obviously have to be very conscious of your audience.

Dan: You gotta keep it light for the six-year-olds. Those are usually the notes: you can’t say “war;” you have to say “battle.”

Kevin: Don’t say “fight” or “stupid.” No hitting in the face.

Dan: What’s fun about Ninjago is that they fight inside these tornadoes, so you can’t really see anyone, I don’t know, tearing out a jugular. But that’s what I imagine happens in there.

Haley: You seem to really love the work you’re doing.

Dan: Here’s the big secret: We’re actually writing it just for us. There’d be a lot more swearing in it, if we could get away with it. But it’s been so much fun for us, and we keep going back to it because our relationship with LEGO has been the best working relationship that we’ve ever had. There’s a trust: they trust us and we trust them.

Kevin: I was really surprised by the difference between TV and film, and how in film right now, as a writer you’re really in the shadow.

Dan: Making a movie is really like a marathon, and as a writer you’re holding the first baton…just waiting for them to hire another writer or someone to take that baton from you. With Ninjago right now we’re in the driver’s seat, and it’s a great feeling.

Haley: But of course, now you have The LEGO Movie coming out.

Kevin: We’ve seen the rough cuts, and we’re so proud of it.

Dan: We were so impressed to see the vision exceeded our own. Years ago, before we were getting produced, we thought that people were only making movies that are already entities. So we brainstormed ideas that we that people would pay to see, and one of those ideas was a LEGO movie. We wrote a 3-page treatment, then threw it in a drawer, cause we never thought we were actually gonna get the rights. So it was kind of kismet, when the producer Dan Lin called years later and asked if we were interested in LEGO. Totally chance.

Kevin: It was interesting because in the beginning, we talked to so many people, and no one understood what a LEGO movie could be. And to us, it was always so simple. We just came up with the most basic of stories: A LEGO, who lives in LEGO city, suddenly finds himself in a whole new world that he’s at the center of. Basic fish out of water.

Haley: Now, you have the story-by credits, not the screenplay credits. What does that mean?

Dan: We wrote the initial treatments, setting up the central structure, including the different worlds and many characters Emmet meets along the way.

Warner Brothers then brought in writing/directing pair Phil Lord and Chris Miller, to run all those ideas through their processors. They are HILARIOUS. And they really brought the comedy element to the movie. That’s their forte; they really elevated the movie to the next level.

Kevin: Because we tend to stick in the emotional tones. We’re always looking for the emotional drive and the serious beats, what makes characters tick and all that. But you can’t just have emotion and no comedy, or you’d have the most depressing animated LEGO movie of all time.

Dan: It was the same with Hotel Transylvania. Our original scripts were a little too brooding, to serious, and then Sony Animation brought in more writers to punch up the comedy.

Kevin: And the visuals of The LEGO Movie are going to be really incredible. It’s literally made entirely of LEGOs. Everything. If you see fire, or smoke in the distance, that’s all LEGOs. And it looks incredible; the artists really raised the bar.

Dan: We wanted to write a water scene, but thought we couldn’t because—well, how do you shoot a water scene in all LEGOs? But Phil and Chris didn’t let that hold them back and did it, and it looks amazing.

Kevin: We were also confined to the limits of what LEGO figures can do—which isn’t much. So that became part of the humor—you can see in the trailer when Emmett does jumping jacks, and he’s just barely moving his arms and legs, because, well, he’s a LEGO. And it has this almost cheesy, stop-motion-esque quality to it—which we don’t have in Ninjago—and it really brings the whole concept together. It looks great. That’s what I think I’m most excited for, is how it all looks.

Dan: This has been an incredibly exciting time for us. There are promotions everywhere, and giant Legos everywhere, and you can start to see kids getting really excited.

Haley: I have to say, I’ve seen the trailer, and it looks pretty awesome.

Kevin: We think so. We hope so.

Dan: So did you get what you wanted from us? Whatever life advice you’re trying to suck out of this interview?

Haley: I don’t know. You guys are cool. You make it sound scary—it clearly hasn’t been a quick route to success—but you’re also in this amazing place where you’re doing work that you love, and it’s working for you.

Dan: You already know the basic advice. Don’t quit. It never gets easy. Don’t give up.

Haley: It’s not very original, but I guess it works.

Kevin: You’re not going to find original advice. It’s the same grind for everyone. You just need to have the drive, and the skill, and the will, to push it through to the other side. And then you end up writing screenplays for toys. It’s really not a bad trade.

The LEGO Movie opens February 7th, 2014.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0003513-eba272080d99295435465b81f61dc7dc.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014004 00000000000 014746  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        When I went vegan, I figured that cream cheese was just gonna be one of those things I lived without. I tried a couple of store brands, including Tofutti (umm, tastes like tofu to me), and Daiya (so chalky I can’t even get it down!), and Trader Joe’s Brand (I can’t remember why I hated that one, so I guess I blocked it from my memory). In short, commercial vegan cream cheese substitutes just do not do it for me. Nor did blending cashews with lemon juice. I mean, that tasted good, but it didn’t have that hip tang. I gave up for a while. Years, actually. I put hummus on my bagels and soyrizo in my jalapeno poppers. Then one day, I discovered that you can make easy cultured cashew cream cheese with nothing but nondairy yogurt and cashews. WTF? Was it seriously that easy this entire time?

Yes. Yes it was. It sure freaking was. I have wasted no time playing catch-up on all of the cream cheese I missed out on eating during those dark days. This stuff is so superior to anything else I’ve tried. It’s sublime. Not only is it delicious vegan cream cheese… it just IS cream cheese. It takes exactly the same as the cow-derived variety, with none of the cruelty or digestive sadness. One of my good friends eats dairy foods. I fed him this stuff and he was even more excited than I am. He asked me for the recipe and now slathers it on his bagels too. I may not have turned him vegan yet, but I’m pretty sure there’s one more happy cow out there thanks to this amazing vegan cultured cashew cream cheese.

I’m a little intimidated by fermented foods. I took a few stabs at making rejuvelac for the Artisan Vegan Cheese recipes, and it didn’t work so well for me. Beyond that, the process made me incredibly nervous. So take it from someone who is far from a whiz with culturing and fermenting things: this cashew cream cheese is extremely easy to make. And unlike rejuvelac, you will already know what the end product is supposed to smell and taste like! You know what yogurt is like, and you probably know what dairy cream cheese is like. You’ll be fine! If you’re nervous, start with a half batch (assuming your blender is small enough that it can blend that volume of ingredients smoothly).

Here is the super simple recipe! (Pictured on homemade bagels). Finally a vegan cream cheese that doesn’t taste weird or have a bunch of funky ingredients. Just cashew cream and a little patience :).

4.8 from 34 votes Print Simple Cultured Cashew Cream Cheese Amazingly easy vegan cultured cashew cream cheese, made from just two ingredients: cashews and nondairy yogurt. This vegan cream cheese will make a believer out of any skeptic. Naturally paleo, gluten-free, grain-free and no sugar added! Prep Time 10 minutes Total Time 10 minutes Total Yield 2 cups Calories Per Serving 81 kcal Author Yup, it's Vegan Ingredients 2 cups raw cashews soaked overnight in filtered water (raw macadamia nuts also work - but will take a lot longer to blend)

2 tbsp plain, unsweetened non-dairy yogurt (see notes)

1/2 tsp sea salt (plus more to taste)

filtered water as needed to blend Instructions Prepare a clean and dry glass or other nonreactive container. I use a Pyrex container. It may not be strictly required, but it's best to sterilize all of your equipment with boiling water before getting started. Drain the liquid off of the soaked cashews. Add them to a blender or food processor and blend until completely smooth. If you aren't used a high-powered blender, it will take several minutes for the cashews to break down and release oils in order to become a smooth mixture. Stop to scrape down the sides as needed; you can also add filtered water a tablespoon at a time if you're having trouble blending. Note: if your blender has warmed the mixture very much, it's best to take a break now and wait for it to cool down (we don't want to kill the yogurt cultures with heat). Then, add the yogurt and salt and pulse to combine. Transfer to the clean container and cover. Let sit out at room temperature for 24 hours. Use a clean utensil to taste the mixture, and add more sea salt to taste; let it culture for another 12-24 hours if you want a stronger tang. Store in the refrigerator for up to 1 weeks. (Note: length of storage time may depend on the culturing conditions and brand of yogurt used). (Optional step) This recipe makes cultured cashew cream cheese with a texture more like "whipped" dairy cream cheese. For a firmer texture like block cream cheese, press out the liquid using cheesecloth. Recipe Notes I use So Delicious Plain Unsweetened Cultured Coconut Milk as my nondairy yogurt of choice. I have tried this with soy yogurt and it also works. I find Forager cashew yogurt a little more prone to mold than other brands. Whatever you do, please use UNflavored, UNsweetened, yogurt. I have experienced that the raw cashews sold at Trader Joe's are a lower quality than other vendors. They do work for this recipe, but I recommend against them if you have other options available. Nutrition Facts Simple Cultured Cashew Cream Cheese Amount Per Serving (2 tablespoons) Calories 81 Calories from Fat 54 % Daily Value* Total Fat 6g 9% Saturated Fat 1g 5% Polyunsaturated Fat 1g Monounsaturated Fat 4g Sodium 76mg 3% Total Carbohydrates 4g 1% Dietary Fiber 1g 4% Sugars 1g Protein 3g 6% Calcium 1% Iron 5% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Recipe source: Miyoko Schinner via Your Vegan Mom

Other troubleshooting:

The cultured cashew cream cheese won’t actually culture at all: The ambient temperature in your kitchen may be too cool. Try moving the mixture to a warmer location, or adding a bit more yogurt.

The cashews won’t get smooth: You really do need to soak them overnight first, and use RAW cashews. And have patience: it can seem like all they’re doing for 5 minutes is getting grainy, but keep blending and they will eventually start to release their oils and get smooth. It’s basically the same chemistry as making nut butter.

The mixture doesn’t taste like anything, not even yogurt. More salt! This definitely needs plenty of salt to bring out the flavor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0003512-3bf90c2e2aef6d04065e35fe299e1a63.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005154 00000000000 015163  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Mexico City legislators passed a proposal this week to ban Donald Trump from entering their country, following the presidential candidate’s repeated xenophobic rhetoric surrounding immigrants, particularly those from Mexico.

The proposal, which passed unanimously, is largely a symbolic recommendation since the local legislature cannot enforce federal legislation, as the Huffington Post pointed out. But Deputy José Manuel Delgadillo of the conservative National Action Party noted that the proposal was a way to urge Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto to more forcefully confront Trump.

From the Mexico City legislature, which asked the federal government to ban Donald Trump from the country today pic.twitter.com/VNdykeEQ9f — Roque Planas (@RoqPlanas) March 3, 2016

“What we’re saying is that if he wants to build a wall so that Mexicans can’t enter his country, then he is not welcome in our country,” Delgadillo said, according to the publication. “What we need now is for President Peña Nieto to make a strong statement condemning Mr. Trump’s anti-Mexican comments.”

Advertisement

Trump has been running his presidential campaign on inflammatory rhetoric that denigrates Mexican immigrants as “rapists” and criminals, as well as the mass deportation of undocumented immigrants. He recently stated that Mexico was “killing” the United States by providing cheap labor. Meanwhile, former Mexican President Felipe Calderon said Trump reminded him of Adolph Hitler.

Local Mexico City legislators aren’t the only ones pushing back on Trump’s rhetoric. After Trump called for Mexico to build a wall along its shared border with the United States, former Mexican President Vicente Fox responded by using profanity. “I’m not going to pay for that fucking wall,” Fox said.

Up until now, the current Mexican government hasn’t directly addressed Trump’s charges. But Peña Nieto’s chief of staff hopes that the government may be able to counter some of his harsh views by eventually meeting with the Republican and Democratic nominees to talk about its relationship as an economic opportunity.

A potential Trump presidency may actually be spurring an increase of migrants at the southern U.S. border, according to Reuters . Between October 2015 and February 2016, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) agency reported a 24 percent increase in the number of migrants detained as they crossed the U.S.-Mexico border. One worker at a migrant shelter in Mexico attributed Trump’s rhetoric to the surge in migrant crossings, stating to the publication, “They think they need to take advantage while they can.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0003405-053d48fe79c8b3a0a291a2858b8bdaea.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020407 00000000000 015241  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

The government of Turkey's president Recip Tayyip Erdogan could face a total ban from EU states as Denmark joined the Netherlands and Germany in turning away his ministers.

Danish prime minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen has stepped into the escalating row by announcing his government had postponed the visit of Turkish Prime Minister Yildirim.

It comes after Erdogan warned the Netherlands it will "pay" after his country's minister's were barred from speaking in Rotterdam.

EU leaders are joining in opposition to hosting Ankara's political campaigning among Turkish immigrants and there are calls in some quarters for the Union to take a united stand against Erdogan.

German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said she will do everything possible to prevent Turkish political tensions spilling onto German soil following rising tensions between Ankara, The Hague, Berlin and other European capitals.

Meanwhile, four rallies in Austria and one in Switzerland have been cancelled due to the growing dispute.

Riots broke out in Rotterdam last night as Turkey warned the Netherlands it will retaliate in the "harshest ways" after Turkey's family minister was prevented by police from entering the Turkish consulate in Rotterdam.

Erdogan branded his fellow NATO member a "Nazi remnant" as the dispute escalated into a diplomatic incident on Saturday evening.

"They will certainly pay the price, and also learn what diplomacy is. We will teach them international diplomacy," Erdogan said in a speech at an awards ceremony in Istanbul.

In a statement Danish PM Rasmussen said that "under normal circumstances it would be a pleasure for me to greet Prime Minister Yilderim in Copenhagen.

"But with the current current rhetorical attacks by Turkey against the Netherlands, a new meeting cannot be seen isolated from that. I have therefore suggesed to my Turkish colleague that our meeting is postponed."

Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now

(Image: REUTERS)

(Image: AFP)

(Image: Getty Images Europe)

(Image: REUTERS)

Hundreds of protesters waving Turkish flags gathered outside, demanding to see the minister.

Dutch police used dogs and water cannon early on Sunday to disperse the crowd, which threw bottles and stones.

Several demonstrators were beaten by police with batons, a witness said.

They carried out charges on horseback, while officers advanced on foot with shields and armoured vans.

Protesters, meanwhile, have also taken to the streets of Istanbul and Ankara.

(Image: Getty Images Europe)

(Image: REUTERS)

(Image: REUTERS)

Less than a day after Dutch authorities prevented Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu from flying to Rotterdam, Turkey's family minister, Fatma Betul Sayan Kaya, said on Twitter she was being escorted back to Germany.

"The world must take a stance in the name of democracy against this fascist act! This behaviour against a female minister can never be accepted," she said.

The Rotterdam mayor confirmed she was being escorted by police to the German border.

Kaya later boarded a private plane from the German town of Cologne to return to Istanbul, mass-circulating newspaper Hurriyet said on Sunday.

(Image: REUTERS)

(Image: EPA)

(Image: AFP)

The Dutch government, which stands to lose heavily to the anti-Islam party of Geert Wilders in elections next week, said it considered the visits undesirable and "the Netherlands could not cooperate in the public political campaigning of Turkish ministers in the Netherlands."

The government said it saw the potential to import divisions into its own Turkish minority, which has both pro- and anti-Erdogan camps.

Dutch politicians across the spectrum said they supported Prime Minister Mark Rutte's decision to ban the visits.

(Image: REUTERS)

(Image: REUTERS)

In a statement issued early on Sunday, Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said Turkey had told Dutch authorities it would retaliate in the "harshest ways" and "respond in kind to this unacceptable behaviour".

Turkey's foreign ministry said it did not want the Dutch ambassador to Ankara to return from leave "for some time".

Turkish authorities sealed off the Dutch embassy in Ankara and consulate in Istanbul in apparent retaliation and hundreds gathered there for protests at the Dutch action.

Erdogan is looking to the large number of emigre Turks living in Europe, especially in Germany and the Netherlands, to help clinch victory next month in a referendum that would give the presidency sweeping new powers.

(Image: AFP)

(Image: REUTERS)

Erdogan has cited domestic threats from Kurdish and Islamist militants and a July coup bid as cause to vote "yes" to his new powers.

But he has also drawn on the emotionally charged row with Europe to portray Turkey as betrayed by allies while facing wars on its southern borders.

(Image: ANP)

(Image: REUTERS)

The Dutch government had banned Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu from attending a rally on Saturday in Rotterdam but he said he would fly there anyway, saying Europe must be rid of its "boss-like attitude".

Cavusoglu, who was barred from a similar meeting in Hamburg last week but spoke instead from the Turkish consulate, accused the Dutch of treating the many Turkish citizens in the country like hostages, cutting them off from Ankara.

"If my going will increase tensions, let it be ... I am a foreign minister and I can go wherever I want," he added hours before his planned flight to Rotterdam was banned.

Cavusoglu threatened harsh economic and political sanctions if the Dutch refused him entry, and those threats proved decisive for the Netherlands government.

(Image: REUTERS)

(Image: Getty)

It cited public order and security concerns in withdrawing landing rights for Cavusoglu's flight and said the threat of sanctions made the search for a reasonable solution impossible.

"This decision is a scandal and unacceptable in every way. It does not abide by diplomatic practices," Cavusoglu told reporters in Istanbul on Saturday evening.

Dutch anti-Muslim politician Wilders, polling second ahead of Wednesday's elections, said in a tweet on Saturday: "To all Turks in the Netherlands who agree with Erdogan: Go to Turkey and NEVER come back!!"

Rutte, the Dutch prime minister, said: "This morning on TV (the Turkish minister) made clear he was threatening the Netherlands with sanctions and we can never negotiate with the Turks under such threats. So we decided ... in a conference call it was better for him not to come."

(Image: Getty Images Europe)

Addressing a rally of supporters, Erdogan retaliated against the decision to prevent the Turkish foreign minister from visiting Rotterdam.

"Listen Netherlands, you'll jump once, you'll jump twice, but my people will thwart your game," he said.

"You can cancel our foreign minister's flight as much as you want, but let's see how your flights will come to Turkey now."

"They don't know diplomacy or politics. They are Nazi remnants. They are fascists," he said.

Rutte called Erdogan's reference to Nazis and Fascists "a crazy remark".

He added: "I understand they're angry but this is of course way out of line".

(Image: Getty Images Europe)

Erdogan chafes at Western criticism of his mass arrests and dismissals of people authorities believe were linked to a failed July attempt by the military to topple him.

He maintains it is clear the West begrudges him new powers and seeks to engineer a "no" vote in the referendum.

Barred from the Netherlands, Cavusoglu arrived in France on Saturday ahead of a planned speech to Turkish emigres in the northeastern city of Metz on Sunday, a Reuters witness said.

Earlier, an official at the Moselle regional prefecture told Reuters there were currently no plans to prevent the meeting from going ahead.

A member of the Union of European Turkish Democrats also said on Saturday via a Facebook post that the Turkish foreign minister would no longer come to Switzerland for a planned event on Sunday after failing to find a suitable venue.

Zurich's security department, which had unsuccessfully lobbied the federal government in Bern to ban Cavusoglu's appearance, said in a statement on Saturday evening it was relieved the event had been cancelled.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0003015-590fa6b6c36fd1eb73e98dcb4ca5b192.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002223 00000000000 015317  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Description

TILLER Trap Soul – Midi & Loop Pack

‘TILLER TrapSoul Midi & Loop Pack” is influenced by Bryson Tiller, the hometown hero & RnB singer that has turned Trapsoul into a genre. This midi pack includes 150 Midi & 20 Premium wav loops that will blow you away if you love Trapsoul.

With this new product series, ‘TILLER TrapSoul’ brings life to the R&B genre again. With smooth leads, jaw dropping 808s, captivating melodies, lush pads, and stunning percussion, ‘TILLER TrapSoul’ is the new school product to begin 2017 for Diamond Loopz.

All of these original high-quality sounds are Royalty-Free, simply meaning that you can use them in personal or commercial compositions at no extra cost.Protect your beats with the FREE “Beat Tag” included.

Trapsoul is RnB & Hip Hop Music on steriods with a little Trap and Soul mixed together. This is a new sound and a new trend that has emerged and started to be recognized by people who love RnB.

Product Includes: 120 MB of Content

• 150 Midi Loops

• 20 Premium Wav Loops

• Beat Tag Included

• (Bonus) TrapSoul Drum Kit

• 100% Royalty-Free

• 24-Bit Quality

Save

Save

Save

Save                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0003453-697643abb625fd7121c951e8c49ee668.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007633 00000000000 015001  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        “Some guys are lucky but not so competent. Some guys are unlucky but very competent,” Philippine National Police Director General Ronald dela Rosa said on Tuesday, defending his decision to bring back a canned officer as head of the PNP’s new narcotics force.

Senior Supt. Albert Ignatius Ferro was the chief of the PNP Anti-Illegal Drugs Group (ADG) that President Rodrigo Duterte ordered dissolved in October last year after officers of the unit were involved in the kidnapping and murder of South Korean businessman Jee Ick-joo.

ADVERTISEMENT

The entire ADG was fired, and criminal charges were brought against the officers involved in the crime.

Ferro was sacked, too, under the principle of command responsibility.

New job

But after Mr. Duterte ordered the PNP back to his war on drugs, Dela Rosa formed a new narcotics force—the PNP Drug Enforcement Group (DEG)—and put Ferro in charge of it.

Explaining his decision to reporters on Tuesday, the PNP chief said Ferro was not directly involved in the murder of Jee and was “even instrumental in the resolution of the case.”

“Maybe one year after he was relieved, he has learned his lesson well. He will no longer get personnel who are not trustworthy. My instructions to him is to coordinate with the director for intelligence for the vetting process of the personnel he will get for the PNP-DEG,” Dela Rosa said.

He described Ferro as a “very competent” officer who “got unlucky” because of “rogues” in the ADG.

Ferro, he said, “deserves another chance.”

Dela Rosa said Ferro had established links with foreign narcotics forces, including in the United States, China, Taiwan, Hong Kong and countries in Southeast Asia, which would be vital to the Philippine campaign against illegal drugs.

ADVERTISEMENT

‘He can really deliver’

“I am after how the PNP-DEG will perform now that we are back in the war on drugs. I need someone who can steer this group to a higher level. I need someone who will perform and deliver and I know him (Ferro), he can really deliver given his track record,” Dela Rosa said.

Addressing critics of his choice of Ferro, the PNP chief said: “Criticize me, not Ferro, because that is my decision.”

Dela Rosa has also renamed “Oplan Tokhang” and “Oplan Double Barrel,” the two PNP operations that have become synonymous with extrajudicial killing because of the thousands of suspects killed by police in drug raids.

The operations are now called “Oplan Tokhang Petitioned” and “Oplan Double Barrel Cautioned.”

Dela Rosa explained, joking: “Petitioned” because Tokhang has been challenged in the Supreme Court. “Cautioned” because drug operations will now be carried out more cautiously.

‘What’s in a name?’

He said Director General Aaron Aquino of the Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency (PDEA)—the lead agency in the war on drugs—had suggested that the PNP drop “Tokhang” from the campaign’s name, but the PNP decided to stick to its guns.

“His suggestion is well taken. But what’s in a name? What is important is the result, what happens in your campaign regardless of the name,” Dela Rosa said.

“If you change your campaign’s name, you are trying to deodorize it to make it acceptable to critics. But the critics will always find something for which to criticize you. They will still make up stories. Changing the name is the least of my concerns,” he said.

Dela Rosa gave assurance that the “third edition” of the police campaign against drugs would be “more refined,” after revisions of perceived flaws in the earlier operations.

“Expect more caution” on the part of narcotics agents, he said, adding that the PNP was gathering inputs from its personnel to improve the campaign.

Dela Rosa said his initial instruction for the return of the PNP to the war on drugs was to “make sure that our operations are not infiltrated by syndicates.”

Read Next

LATEST STORIES

MOST READ                                                                                                     0003069-55520cf0184b16652ea33f9e181c4931.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002247 00000000000 014604  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        University of Illinois point guard Jaylon Tate was arrested in Champaign, Ill. early Saturday morning on domestic battery charges, public records show.

Champaign police Sgt. Bruce Ramseyer said on News-Gazette.com that the 19-year-old victim, also a University of Illinois athlete, confirmed to police she had been hit once in the face by Tate.

MORE: NCAA basketball live scoreboard | UConn clock controversy

Ramseyer said the responding officers could see she was spitting blood and had a swollen face. She went to a local hospital's emergency room to be evaluated. Police arrested Tate without incident and he was booked in Champaign County Jail at 6:15 a.m.

Tate, 21, will remain in the county jail until at least Sunday morning, when he is expected to make a bond court appearance. He has denied any physical contact with his girlfriend, Ramseyer said.

Tate has been indefinitely suspended by Illinois. Athletics Director Josh Whitman and head coach John Groce released the following statement.

Tate has started at times during his career at Illinois. He averaged 1.8 points and 2.5 assists per game as a junior. He's the third Illini basketball player to be arrested since August.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0003551-7d21dd09458c43c2582cf29a4da647ed.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005463 00000000000 015116  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        KYODO NEWS - Dec 1, 2017 - 16:06 | All, Lifestyle, Japan

With just about a month left in 2017, Japan is gearing up for the winter season as snow begins to cover its northern regions and seasonal illumination lights up scenic spots across the country.

Mt. Fuji got its first full snowcap of the season in late October.

Meanwhile, in western Japan's Himeji, an illumination show was held in early November at Himeji Castle, a national treasure and World Heritage site, during which LED balloons were released from a square outside it.

By mid November, the city of Sapporo in northern Japan's Hokkaido was already glistening under a blanket of snow.

The snow-clearing tram known as Sasara Densha makes its rounds in Sapporo, home of the famous Sapporo Snow Festival. The 2018 festival is scheduled to take place from Feb. 1 to Feb. 12.

In Sendai in Miyagi Prefecture, northeastern Japan, Mt. Izumigatake recorded its first snowfall on Nov. 20, creating a splendid contrast with fallen red autumn leaves along the mountain path.

Amid the arrival of the first snow, workers at a ski resort on Mt. Izumigatake busied themselves with preparations ahead of the season's opening.

Besides the beautiful snow scenery, elaborate illumination is brewing a festive mood in many parts of Japan. In Sapporo, the annual Sapporo White Illumination event, using some 780,000 light bulbs, will run through Dec. 25, 2017.

Meanwhile in downtown Tokyo, colorful Christmas trees by French architect and designer Emmanuel Muho adorn the fancy Omotesando Hills shopping mall.

In neighboring Chiba Prefecture, Tokyo Disneyland and Tokyo DisneySea also get into the Christmas spirit with festive illumination and special events.

In central Japan, Nagoya's Legoland Japan unveiled a gigantic 10-meter Christmas tree, built with more than 610,000 Lego pieces.

In Osaka, Universal Studios Japan readied for the festivities with a new Guinness World Record Christmas tree featuring 570,000 lights.

For railway enthusiasts, the annual "Inaka Illumination" event in the rural town of Onan in Shimane Prefecture offered a spectacular display of lights in the vicinity of Uzui Station, which stands 20 meters above ground. The JR Sankosen Line, the only train service in Onan, will be discontinued in March 2018.

According to the Japanese weather agency's three-month forecast, almost all regions across the country are expected to experience a colder winter in December 2017, and average or slightly warmer temperatures in January and February 2018. Snowfall in regions facing the Sea of Japan is likely to be around average in most areas, although western Japan may see slightly more snow than in normal years.







More photo galleries:

GALLERY: Autumn foliage in Japan's Kyoto

GALLERY: Mt. Fuji gets season's first snow crown

GALLERY: Chinese tourists flock to North Korean border                                                                                                                                                                                                             0003527-cf3940f23f2d23186f966472dae52f46.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010271 00000000000 014761  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        For a Congress that struggled to pass even the most basic of bills, the 113th didn't lack for imaginative proposals. Squelched in committee, locked in legislative logjam, and buried in obscurity were bills that would do everything from eliminating federal agencies to micromanaging D.C. traffic enforcement. As the year draws to a close, let's take a look back at some of the best congressional pipe dreams, organized by their likelihood of passage, as determined by GovTrack.

0% — Tragically, Rep. Louie Gohmert's proposal to exempt D.C. residents from income taxes did not find its way into the congressional agenda. The No Taxation Without Representation Act addresses the District's long-standing voting-rights concerns, but rather than asserting Washingtonians' rights, it simply eliminates their obligations to Uncle Sam. Some District advocates are concerned it could turn the capital into a tax haven, as well as pushing residents' concerns even lower on the congressional totem pole. The bill has seen no movement since its introduction last July, much to the chagrin of many District-residing Hill staffers and political reporters.

1% — With a just-better-than-zero chance of passing, Rep. Alan Grayson's campaign finance proposal is more a product of idealism than of realism. His bill, the Business Should Mind Its Own Business Act, imposes a 500 percent tax on political contributions by corporations. What better way to get money out of politics than to bring in revenue in the process? While reform advocates might see the logic in Grayson's proposal, his donor-reliant colleagues seem unlikely to take it up, even in committee.

Sometimes even the most quixotic ideas need to be stamped out before they take root. At least, that's the premise of Rep. Greg Walden's plan to ban trillion-dollar platinum coins. Some on the left had floated the idea of minting such coins as a work-around to another debt-ceiling fight with the GOP. Walden's bill would limit the value of platinum coins to $200, which, presumably, would not go very far toward circumventing a debt-ceiling battle.

Rep. Charlie Rangel didn't get much traction behind his plan to make women register for the draft, coupled with his perennial proposal to reinstate compulsory military service. Rangel's goal is to give all Americans a stake in the wars the country fights, but it doesn't appear that his colleagues—or the Pentagon brass—share his views.

2% — Some bills exist simply to nakedly troll a member's political enemies. Rep. Ted Yoho's GLITCH Act is one such bill. Released during the botched rollout of HealthCare.gov, the proposal would cut the salary of the Health and Human Services secretary by 5 percent for every month that the website is not fully functional. The site has since rebounded, and Yoho's bill is collecting mothballs.

Meanwhile, some lawmakers are just sick of speeding tickets. Rep. Steve Stockman's bill bans D.C. from using traffic cameras to catch speeders, including, presumably, members of Congress. It also nixes federal highway funds for states that use such cameras.

Even love itself has not been safe from congressional interference. Rep. Matt Salmon's bill would give the axe to the Popular Romance Project, a program that studies the influence of romance on cultures throughout history. And in case any other agency was getting ideas, Salmon's bill would ban "any similar project relating to love or romance."

3% — Snarky bill names were not confined to the House of Representatives. Sen. Tom Coburn proposed the Let Me Google That For You Act, which would eliminate an obscure document-keeping agency. Its purpose, Coburn argued, has been largely made redundant by the availability of records on the Internet.

4% — Finally, Stockman makes this list twice with his self-named bill to disprove global warming. Intent on etching his name into law, the representative's Stockman Effect Act is his last attempt at disproving global warming. The bill directs scientists to study the Earth's magnetic field, which, if given more scrutiny, will apparently displace global warming as the culprit for most weather changes. Sadly for connoisseurs of such legislation, Stockman won't be back in the 114th Congress. But perhaps his ideas will live on.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0003540-65e4b05f106d8ec5ddeec7f68b5f458e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002370 00000000000 015344  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Antarctic Sun is an online newspaper with "News about the USAP, the Ice, and the People." It is funded by the National Science Foundation (contract no. NSFDACS1219442) by its prime civilian contractor, Lockheed Martin Antarctic Support Contract.[1]

The online publication has been covering cutting edge science for the National Science Foundation since 1997–1998 austral summer, though it can trace its history back to the 1950s when the U.S. Navy ran logistics for the USAP.[2] From the austral summer of 1997-98 to 2006-07, The Antarctic Sun was produced at McMurdo Station between the months of October and February. Since October 2007, it has been a year-round news website managed out of the Denver, Colorado area.[2]

The website covers both science and features. The former includes biology, glaciology, geology, astrophysics and oceanography, among others. Features include USAP operations, Antarctic history, and profiles on people.

Antarctic Sun Journalists [ edit ]

In order of tenure, from most recent:

Mike Lucibella

Peter Rejcek

Steven Profaizer

Steve Martaindale

Emily Stone

Brien Barnett

Kris Kuenning

Melanie Conner

Mark Sabbatini

Kristan Hutchison

Beth Minneci

Jeff Inglis

Josh Landis

Aaron Spitzer

Ginny Figlar

Alexander Colhoun                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0003514-db22ca1ebdddf223d6e91b2a93d03193.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000037057 00000000000 015310  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The regular season is about the team. The preseason is about the individual. This is the month for rookies and running backs. It's about position battles and injuries. The next four weeks are a pale imitation of the real thing, but you can still learn plenty if you know what to look for.

Below, you'll find my watchability rankings for the preseason, powered by science and analytics. During the regular season, this column will detail the teams and players that are most intriguing in a given week. The qualifications are much different in the preseason.

Information matters more than results. We'll look for clues on player usage and traits while understanding that August is a mirage usually conjured up by thirsty football takesmen. Teams don't truly game-plan in the preseason, which makes it a different sport. Stable teams take a backseat for now; the preseason won't tell us much about the Panthers and Packers. This month is all about the players and teams we don't know.

Quarterbacks battling

1) Denver Broncos

2) Los Angeles Rams

3) San Francisco 49ers

4) Philadelphia Eagles

Quarterback curiosity trumps all in the preseason. Three of the teams I want to watch most over the next month have open starting jobs, with No. 2 overall pick Carson Wentz's Eagles thrown in.

This entire Broncos quarterback situation is unprecedented. The 2001 Ravens are the only other defending champions to replace their top two quarterbacks, but they didn't hold an open competition in camp. Baltimore simply handed the job to Elvis Grbac, a decision that proved even the best general managers make big mistakes. John Elway hoped to avoid that in Denver by trading for veteran Mark Sanchez (who is signed to a modest deal) while drafting Paxton Lynch in the first round. Lynch isn't believed to be a candidate to start due to an erratic camp, although a red-hot preseason could always change the picture. Sanchez will start Denver's preseason opener, with Trevor Siemian very much in the mix.

It's a terrible sign for Sanchez that he has failed to gain any separation in practice against Siemian, a second-year pro drafted in the seventh round in 2015. The tie should go to the younger player. It is all reminiscent of 2013 in New York, when Sanchez struggled to beat out then-rookie Geno Smith. The difference here: Siemian's careful playing personality makes him less likely than Sanchez to commit a game-crushing mistake. Perhaps that's all Denver coach Gary Kubiak wants. The Broncos have the biggest range of potential outcomes of any team in football this year. They could repeat as champs or finish under .500 -- nothing would surprise. That makes them a must-watch team, even in August. (Rookie safety Justin Simmons and rookie running back Devontae Booker are also players to keep an eye on.)

August is Chip Kelly season. Sam Bradford threw roughly 10 well-placed passes last year around this time under Kelly in Philly, and suddenly the Eagles became a trendy playoff pick. Now, of course, Kelly is in San Francisco, and the coach indicated the preseason will largely decide the battle between Colin Kaepernick and Blaine Gabbert, which has looked tight in practice. It has also inspired actual headlines like: "Kap vs Gabbert: 49ers fans will likely hate the winner and loser."

Put aside the cynicism for a minute, and you'll see two quarterbacks with raw skill and a coach unafraid to be aggressive. The 49ers are such a strange team, but Kelly makes them fascinating. The defensive front seven is better than you think, especially if rookie DeForest Buckner makes good on his camp buzz. Two of the three starting receiver jobs are open, as is the tight end job. The football dork in me loves it all.

Bradford, meanwhile, remains in Philadelphia. He's the Eagles' starter after a solid camp, so the team's placement in this tier is all about Wentz. Since the rookie won't get many practice snaps during the regular season, this month will likely comprise Wentz's resume for 2016. The job he's applying for: November starting quarterback when the natives get restless in Philly.

Unlike Wentz, Jared Goff was not always expected to sit as a rookie in Los Angeles. His "plug-and-play" potential was one reason the Rams took him No. 1 overall. All reports, not to mention the first episode of "Hard Knocks," indicate Goff's progress is coming along slowly.

This is hardly cause for alarm. It has happened to rookie quarterbacks from Aaron Rodgers to Eli Manning to Alex Smith. It is a surprise, however -- no matter what kind of spin comes out of L.A. about veteran Case Keenum's "proven ability" to beat the Seahawks. Other recent Rams starters to beat the Seahawks: Austin Davis and Nick Foles. The Rams should take their time with Goff if he's not ready, but this has never been about Keenum. It's Goff vs. Goff, and we get four games to watch his progress. Bonus points for this tier: The Rams and 49ers both play Denver this month.

Plenty of intrigue

5) Cleveland Browns

6) New England Patriots

7) Tennessee Titans

8) Dallas Cowboys

Robert Griffin III was signed by Cleveland on March 24, more than two weeks after he was released by the Redskins. It was hard to imagine him starting for any team as he languished on the free agent market, much less having a job locked down before the preseason starts. That takes some juice out of the Browns' preseason, but not much. We still want to see how RGIII looks against a live pass rush. We want to see if first-round pick Corey Coleman can live up to those Steve Smith comparisons, and whether Terrelle Pryor can finish his improbable journey from college quarterback to starting NFL wide receiver. We want to see running back Duke Johnson begin to make the leap. Browns homers can also enjoy open starting jobs up for grabs across the defense, but this preseason will be all about new coach Hue Jackson's offense. Are the Browns sneaky exciting?

Jimmy Garoppolo's test drive as a starting quarterback would put the Patriots higher on this list if we hadn't seen it before. He should prove to be solid, but September is his month now. The team's open questions at running back (could LeGarrette Blount be cut, and when will Dion Lewis be back?) and the development of rookie receiver Malcolm Mitchell are just as interesting. It will also be fun to see Tom Brady treat these games like the regular season, taking down third-string cornerbacks while Boston radio stations lose their minds after Brady plays three quarters in the fourth preseason game.

Marcus Mariota amps up the preseason curiosity factor for the Titans despite that gnawing suspicion coach Mike Mularkey could ruin everything by turning back the clock to 1991. Rookie running back Derrick Henry is one to watch after a strong showing in camp, and it would be great to see juice back in veteran DeMarco Murray's legs. Fifth-round pick receiver Tajae Sharpe is looking to cement his starting receiver job, while second-year pro Dorial Green-Beckham and veteran Andre Johnson battle just to earn snaps in a deep fight at the position.

Before he pulled his hamstring, fourth overall pick Ezekiel Elliott's burst and propensity for making linebackers look foolish at Cowboys camp was something to behold. He makes Dallas appointment viewing once he recovers, while Tony Romo's mobility is something to watch. There should be some level of concern that Romo's back stiffness seems to require him to take so many days off at camp. The Cowboys also still need to figure out both starting defensive ends this month.

Catch them weekly

9) New Orleans Saints

10) Jacksonville Jaguars

11) Seattle Seahawks

12) Baltimore Ravens

13) Houston Texans

The Saints feel strangely fresh for a team that has had the same coach and quarterback for a decade. They finally rebuilt their offense with fun young talent around Drew Brees. Michael Thomas has made more noise than any rookie receiver this year. I've fallen for the hype in Saints camp that competent coaching and improvements through the defensive line and secondary could make this defense respectable. At running back, C.J. Spiller could earn the backup spot over Tim Hightower or get released, based on how he looks in the preseason. ... The Jaguars made news for their free agency splashes, but we'll be watching their rookies more closely this month. At least four defenders -- Jalen Ramsey, Myles Jack, Sheldon Day and Yannick Ngakoue -- have a chance to have big roles right away.

Stable teams rank low on this list -- and the Ravens are as unstable as they've been in awhile. Five key starters are coming back from injury. Starting jobs at running back, wideout, tight end, defensive end, inside linebacker and safety are open this month. Everyone is just assuming 37-year-old veteran receiver Steve Smith is still Steve Smith coming off an Achilles injury. There's a lot that could go wrong. ... Houston is similarly in flux. The Texans have up to nine new offensive starters, including quarterback Brock Osweiler and first-round receiver Will Fuller.

Seattle is the exception to the rule when it comes to established teams ranking low. Just watch one of the Seahawks' games. They often play so hard in the preseason that it feels like a real game. Their backfield should be among the most fun to watch this month, with Christine Michael teasing fantasy writers again. They also drafted three running backs trying to make an impact while Thomas Rawls returns from a broken ankle.

Middle of the pack

14) New York Giants

15) Pittsburgh Steelers

16) Tampa Bay Buccaneers

17) Chicago Bears

18) Miami Dolphins

19) New York Jets

20) Indianapolis Colts

21) Atlanta Falcons

22) San Diego Chargers

23) Buffalo Bills

The Giants' preseason isn't about rookie receiver Sterling Shepard vs. veteran Victor Cruz -- that battle is over; Shepard has won. The battle is Cruz vs. his old explosiveness, with the waiver wire a possible destination for Cruz. (And that battle will distract everyone from what's happening at linebacker for New York.) ... Atlanta has been threatening to start up to four defensive rookies, including first-round pick Keanu Neal, and the preseason will show how serious coach Dan Quinn is about turning over his group. ... The Steelers were ranked low in this exercise until I realized how much I wanted to see Sammie Coates and slot receiver Eli Rogers build on their camp hype. Pittsburgh coaches are also hoping outside linebackers Bud Dupree and Jarvis Jones finally establish themselves as clear starters, while they work in two rookies (first-round pick Artie Burns and second-round pick Sean Davis) in the secondary. These aren't former defensive coordinator Dick LeBeau's "wait and develop" Steelers.

There isn't a ton at stake with the Colts this month, but an angry Andrew Luck coming off a disastrous season can't be ranked low. The same reasoning applies for the Buccaneers' Jameis Winston, who is going to my one of my favorite weekly watches when the real games start. Look to see if he feeds unheralded tight end Cameron Brate to help Brate win the starting job. ... This is a big month for Bears receiver Kevin White. Early reports in camp indicate that last year's No. 7 overall pick is coming along slowly after losing all of 2015 to injury. Fantasy drafters assuming that second-year pro Jeremy Langford will just dominate carries in the Chicago backfield also need to watch out for how rookie Jordan Howard and veterans Jacquizz Rodgers and Ka'Deem Carey are used. ... The Chargers are one of the teams we're most anxious to see in the regular season, but they don't offer a ton of intrigue this month. Keep an eye on whether second-year pro Melvin Gordon looks all the way back at running back after reportedly undergoing microfracture surgery on his knee in January. His hesitant preseason a year ago started his rookie campaign going the wrong way.

The Jets have a roster of established stars for whom the preseason doesn't matter much. We don't expect to see a ton of Matt Forte, even when he gets healthy. They only rank this high on the off chance Geno Smith plays like Joe Namath and makes my heart sing. Second-round pick Christian Hackenberg hasn't seen many snaps in camp and might not even be ready for preseason action. The Jets definitely have the most compelling battle for a No. 3 quarterback job, with 2015 fourth-rounder Bryce Petty hoping to show progress. He says he plans to "Brett Favre it" in the team's first preseason game. We just want to see what that means. ... The Bills would have been a lot more interesting this month before losing their top two rookies (Shaq Lawson and Reggie Ragland) to injury. Former Olympic hopeful Marquise Goodwin is making believers (again) in Buffalo camp, and he has a solid chance to start if he shows out in August. ... ... Arian Foster will sit out the preseason opener for the Dolphins. It's worth watching how he and Jay Ajayi look this month, and if both can escape August healthy.

Lower stakes

24) Green Bay Packers

25) Arizona Cardinals

26) Carolina Panthers

27) Oakland Raiders

These four teams range from good to potentially great, yet we're unlikely to learn a lot new about them in the preseason. Raiders fans have to be thrilled that they have such a stable, young offense that returns nearly all its starters. Rookie DeAndre Washington is a player to watch -- can he establish himself as a true threat to Latavius Murray?

Carolina is set to give three rookie cornerbacks major snaps, barring an August meltdown. No. 1 receiver Kelvin Benjamin's return from his ACL injury is just as important. Second-year receiver Devin Funchess and running back Cameron Artis-Payne also want to solidify their strong training camps.

Aaron Rodgers is a treat any time of year, and he'll want to re-establish connections with Jordy Nelson and his No. 3 receiver to be named later, which currently figures to be Davante Adams. Like the Packers, the Cardinals are a team we know well. They'd be better off just fast-forwarding a month, because only injuries could mess with this squad.

Save for Game Pass

28) Minnesota Vikings

29) Detroit Lions

30) Washington Redskins

31) Cincinnati Bengals

32) Kansas City Chiefs

Fans of the five teams above should mostly see landing in this tier as a compliment, so save the emails. They just aren't generating many high-stakes storylines this preseason to capture the casual fan. Minnesota's best player (Adrian Peterson) will barely play, if at all. However, their two most recent first-round picks -- receiver Laquon Treadwell (2016) and cornerback Trae Waynes (2015) -- could use big months to earn regular playing time.

The Lions will take a massive breath before the preseason starts, then exhale in a month if running back Ameer Abdullah's shoulder goes unscathed. The Bengals similarly can't handle more skill-position injuries; with their stacked roster, they don't truly need many of their young players to step up. Even Redskins beat writers admit camp this year is boring, which is a nice change of pace for them. Washington's first-round receiver Josh Doctson may not make it back on the field in time to play in the preseason, although we'll keep an eye on buzzy rookie runner Keith Marshall and second-year pro Matt Jones, who already wowed us in the preseason once. The Chiefs have a mostly veteran roster with intrigue at backup running back (Spencer Ware vs. Charcandrick West) and watching Chris Conley as the team's new starting wideout.

There will be a moment during this preseason when we all just want to move forward to the fun stuff. This is not that moment. Addicts that make it this far down a "Preseason Watchability" column have a football problem. We complain about the preseason, but we watch it. We are grateful to have any live tackling and actual scores back in our lives. Now there are just 26 weeks left until it goes away once again.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0003543-6bee49862fdb029f135021bb25e22994.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014756 00000000000 014760  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        By Printus LeBlanc

In early February, five employees of the House of Representatives were banned from the House IT network. The five former House employees are the subject of a criminal investigation by the Capitol Hill Police. They are accused of stealing equipment and accessing House IT systems without lawmakers’ knowledge. The former employees were “shared” IT employees. “Shared” means they worked for several offices, performing IT functions.

The five employees worked for over 20 members, to include members from the Intelligence and Foreign Affairs Committees and former Democratic National Committee (DNC) Chairwoman, U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Shultz (D-Fla.). You may remember Wasserman-Shultz has had IT issues in the past when she was chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee in 2016.

The salaries of the employees should have been the first clue something was not right. Anyone that has worked on Capitol Hill will tell you, the salaries are not great. Most staffers can expect to start in the $30-40,000 range, not a lot for one of the most expensive cities in America. However, at least three of the staffers in question were making over $160,000 per year, three times the average IT staffer salary. To put that number into perspective, Chiefs of Staff, with dozens of years on the Hill, rarely make that much.

The story gets worse from there. All five employees are related, three of them were brothers, Jamal, Imran, and Abid Awan, with Hina Alvi being married to Imran, and Natalia Sova being married to one of the other brothers. Hina has apparently fled the country with her children, to Pakistan, where her family reportedly has significant assets and VIP protection.

The strangeness of the case does not end there. The brothers also had a car dealership, Cars International A (CIA) they used for supplemental income. The dealership was not doing so well, and fell behind in payments to their vendors. One vendor, Rao Abbas, threatened to sue them, and suddenly he received a paycheck from U.S. Rep. Theodore Deutch (D-Fla.). That payment has yet to be explained.

The brothers then took out a $100,000 loan from Dr. Ali Al-Attar. The brothers were unable to repay that loan, but that doesn’t seem to be a problem, because Dr. Attar is a fugitive from U.S. authorities. Attar was indicted on tax fraud charges after the IRS and FBI discovered he used multiple bank accounts to hide income, in March 2012. The doctor is also believed to have ties to Hezbollah, the terrorist group. Al-Attar has since fled to Iraq.

As the investigation continued, it kept getting worse. Several offices hired new IT staff, and found some of the computers were sending data to an offsite server. It is unknown what type of data or where the server is located yet, but several IT professionals on the Hill now believe members could be subject to blackmail because of the data theft. The violations were so bad, one staffer said, “There’s no question about it: If I was accused of a tenth of what these guys are accused of, they’d take me out in handcuffs that same day, and I’d never work again.”

The case took another turn in a committee hearing on the Capitol Hill Police budget last week. Wasserman-Shultz took the opportunity to confront the Capitol Hill Police Chief about evidence in possession of the police. The Congresswoman wants a laptop computer back that is currently considered evidence by the Capitol Hill Police. The laptop allegedly was assigned to Imran Awan, the ringleader of the group. The laptop was found hidden in a different building from the one Wasserman-Shultz works in. The Congresswoman has an office in the Longworth building, but the laptop was found “hidden in an unused crevice of the Rayburn House Office Building.” The Capitol Police seized it and are treating it as evidence in their ongoing criminal investigation.

While at the committee hearing, Wasserman-Shultz berated the Chief of Capitol Hill Police about procedures for getting the laptop back. The Chief explained what the procedures are, but the procedure changes if the laptop is evidence in a criminal investigation. The Congresswoman did not like that answer, and continued to ask the same question over and over. To his credit, the Chief answered the same way over and over. Finally, the Congresswoman threatened “consequences” for not returning her equipment. The video can be seen here, the exchange begins at 1:24:25.

This brings us to a question being asked a lot in Washington D.C. lately. What is obstruction of justice? The phrase seems to be the latest buzzword of the D.C. establishment since James Comey was fired earlier this month. Did Wasserman-Shultz attempt to “obstruct justice” by demanding the investigating authority hand over evidence in a criminal matter, or suffer “consequences”? Remember, the Congresswoman is on the committee that controls the budget of the very person she threatened “consequences”.

The Congresswoman was singing a different tune earlier this month about “obstruction”. Wasserman-Shultz commented about the Comey firing, saying “If President Trump pressured then-FBI Director Comey to close down an investigation into former National Security Advisor Flynn, it would represent an egregious corrosion of the rule of law.” Does this mean the Congresswoman is representing an “egregious corrosion of the rule of law”, her words not mine?

This latest incident with Wasserman-Shultz has created more questions than answers. Why would the Congresswoman risk “obstruction of justice” to get this computer back? What is Wasserman-Shultz trying to hide? If there was a potential breach of IT security on Capitol Hill, wouldn’t the Congresswoman want that cleared up?

We have a legitimate security breach and a potential blackmail situation occurring on Capitol Hill, but the press is focused on a Russia story still with no evidence. We have an offsite server sucking up Congressional data, with criminal suspects fleeing to Pakistan for protection, but the press wants to focus on a special counsel with no apparent crime to investigate. We have a member of Congress pressuring the Capitol Hill Police on camera, but the press wants to talk about a memo no one has seen.

Where is the call for a special counsel on this scandal? Could it be Congress was breached by a foreign intelligence service, and no one wants to admit it, or did Congress get ripped off by a family of scammers? We need to find out the truth, no matter how unpleasant.

Printus LeBlanc is a contributing reporter at Americans for Limited Government.                  0003562-a3f5ef363ffb7df43bbebe8674079824.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005632 00000000000 015273  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The news that Al Gore is suing Al Jazeera America for millions of dollars owed him from the purchase of his Current TV network rocked the media world last week. After all, who knew Al Jazeera America still existed?

But AJA is still there (probably), snug in the old Current TV channel slot on your cable guide. It’s just that you’re not watching. Neither is anyone else.

Al Jazeera America went live exactly one year ago, on Aug. 20, 2013, powered by an initial $500 million in oil money from the emir of Qatar, plus millions spent hiring topflight broadcast journalism talent (including NBC veterans Randall Pinkston and John Seigenthaler, CNN’s Soledad O’Brien and Al Velshi, ABC’s Antonio Mora and CBS veteran Joie Chen and more) and establishing 12 news bureaus across the U.S. The network hoped to succeed in the U.S. market where Al Jazeera English had failed.

It seemed like a good idea at The New York Times, where Brian Stelter rhapsodized that “Al Jazeera is coming to America to supply old-fashioned, boots-on-the-ground news coverage to a country that doesn’t have enough of it.” Elites like Stelter couldn’t be bothered with AJA’s provenance – a parent bankrolled by the same people as Hamas, that acted as Al Qaeda’s PR arm during the Iraq War, completely ignored the public sexual assault on CBS’s Lara Logan and actually held a birthday/prisoner exchange party for a murdering Lebanese terrorist.

Whether the American public knows or cares about any of that isn’t certain, but it certainly hasn’t shared Stelter’s enthusiasm for yet another left-of-center news organization in the U.S. market.

On Aug. 11, AP cited Neilson ratings, noting, “So far this year, Al-Jazeera America has averaged 17,000 viewers in prime time, ticking up to 23,000 during the first week of fighting in Gaza.”

And you thought MSNBC had definitively answered that old hypothetical question, “What if we built a network and nobody watched?”

In April, AJA laid off dozens of journalists, and another round of lay-offs is in the works. The network is putting up a brave face. According to the Aug. 8 New York Daily News, AJA chief Ehab Al Shihabi told employees in an anniversary memo, “I know there has been a lot of talk about ratings. Let’s put things in perspective. Other cable news networks have been on television for decades — we’re a year old. We’re still growing our brand awareness as well as our distribution, which is a little more than half of all U.S. cable homes.” But that equates to about 60 million homes. You do the math.

Of course, AJA is backed by nearly unlimited petro-dollars, and you can be sure the emir et al are taking the long view about influencing American opinion. But that raises another problem.

While AJA has won awards for its reporting, it’s hard to think of any story or issue on which the network has made a real impact in the last year. Except maybe for getting sued by Al Gore.                                                                                                      0003568-b3c1f65c097cc6c2688483bf3be3acdd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004176 00000000000 015344  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Modern airplanes are basically a giant computer, and the latest reminder of that fact came Friday.

The Federal Aviation Administration has issued a warning about the Boeing 787 Dreamliner's computer system, which has a software counter that could periodically shut down all electrical power and "result in loss of control of the airplane." To prevent that, airlines must completely power down the electrical systems on the plane at least once every 248 days.

The directive applies to all 787 model airplanes.

Globally, 258 of the aircraft are currently in use by airlines, with more than 800 more ordered for future delivery.

Boeing reported the issue — which it said was found during laboratory testing — to the FAA, which issued an airworthiness directive (AD) on Friday:

This AD requires a repetitive maintenance task for electrical power deactivation on Model 787 airplanes. This AD was prompted by the determination that a Model 787 airplane that has been powered continuously for 248 days can lose all alternating current (AC) electrical power due to the generator control units (GCUs) simultaneously going into failsafe mode. This condition is caused by a software counter internal to the GCUs that will overflow after 248 days of continuous power. We are issuing this AD to prevent loss of all AC electrical power, which could result in loss of control of the airplane.

In addition to the turn-it-off, turn-it-on solution, Boeing is also working on a software fix that will address the issue in a more permanent way. The directive is a temporary measure until that fix is in place.

Since its introduction in 2007, the Dreamliner has had more than its fair share of problems. In 2013, all 787s were grounded because of the potential for battery fires. Sparking that directive was an incident at Logan Airport in Boston, where an unoccupied Japan Airlines 787 caught fire after a nonstop flight from Tokyo.

Boeing is still betting heavily on the 787 as a profit engine, along with its other popular twin-jet aircraft such as the 777 line and 737 series. In recent months, airlines have been rolling out a stretched version of the 787, known as the 787-900.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0003575-32460b115af70b7c2b4294b06d25191e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002001 00000000000 014633  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Today, Elon Musk revealed his ambitious multi-decade roadmap for human colonization of Mars, including the Interplanetary Transport System he believes will get us there. But while the event was full of technical detail on the new rocket and ship, it appears the crafts have yet to be named.

"We're thinking about names," Musk told the crowd. "The first ship that goes to Mars, my current favorite for it is Heart of Gold from The Hitchiker’s Guide to the Galaxy."

The Heart of Gold is one of the ships at the center of Douglas Adams' 1978 radio play and subsequent book, stolen by Zaphod Beeblebrox at the ship's official launch and later used to rescue the story's protagonists. It's also the first ship to use the Inifinite Improbability Drive, a detail that was particularly appealing to Musk. "I like the fact that it's driven by infinite improbability," Musk said, referring to the because I think our ship is also extremely improbable."

"The acronym is not the best," Musk conceded.

SpaceX trip to Mars simulation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0003554-60e4c5cc7c9bad5dac6cbedcde593d79.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001615 00000000000 015637  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Hawaiian ‘Ukulele and Guitar will open a new location in Hilo in July 2017, kicking off with a reception on Tuesday, July 4.

Hawaiian artist Ali‘i Keana‘aina‘a will provide free entertainment; pūpū will be served.

Doors will open at 4:30 p.m.

The new store is located on the Hilo Bayfront in the S. Hata Building on 76 Kamehameha Ave. next to Cafe Pesto.

Owner and musician Robert Yates is proud to open his third location to better serve Big Island. Yates, more fondly referred to as “Uncle ‘Uke,” offers essentials for both professional and aspiring musicians.

Hawaiian Ukulele and Guitar is a distributor of KANILE‘A ‘ukulele on the Big Island. KANILE‘A are masterpiece instruments made in Hawai‘i.

Hawaiian ‘Ukulele and Guitar is also located at Kailua Bay in Kona and at Queens’ MarketPlace in Waikoloa. The stores offer sheet music, picks, stands, instruments and more.                                                                                                                   0003547-cdbfb123bd78d3dc1a8177dc7667a3f5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004613 00000000000 015334  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        More than 200 people have died in their attempt to scale Mount Everest. The mountain offers seemingly endless options for kicking the bucket, from falling into the abyss to suffocating from lack of oxygen to being smashed by raining boulders. Yet climbers continue to try their skills – and luck – in tackling Everest, despite the obvious dangers. Indeed, the living pass the frozen, preserved dead along Everest’s routes so often that many bodies have earned nicknames and serve as trail markers. Here are a few of the more colorful tales, adapted from Altered Dimensions:

The body of “Green Boots,” an Indian climber who died in 1996 and is believed to be Tsewang Paljor, lies near a cave that all climbers must pass on their way to the peak. Green Boots now serves as a waypoint marker that climbers use to gauge how near they are to the summit. Green Boots met his end after becoming separated from his party. He sought refuge in a mountain overhang, but to no avail. He sat there shivering in the cold until he died.

In 2006, English climber David Sharp joined Green Boots. He stopped in the now-infamous cave to rest. His body eventually froze in place, rendering him unable to move but still alive. Over 40 climbers passed by him as he sat freezing to death. His plight might have been overlooked as passers-by assumed Sharp was the already-dead Green Boots. Eventually, some heard faint moans, realized he was still alive, and, too late, attempted to give him oxygen or help him stand.

Francys Arsentiev was the first American woman to reach Everest’s summit without the aid of bottled oxygen, in 1998. But climbers do not recognize this as a successful ascent since she never made it down the mountain. Following a rough night time trek to camp, her husband, a fellow climber, noticed she was missing. Despite the dangers, he chose to turn back to find his wife anyway. On his way back, he encountered a team of Uzbek climbers, who said they had tried to help Francys but had to abandon her when their own oxygen became depleted. The next day, two other climbers found Francys, who was still alive but in too poor of a condition to be moved. Her husband’s ice axe and rope were nearby, but he was nowhere to be found. Francys died where the two climbers left her, and climbers solved her husband’s disappearance the following year when they found his body lower down on the mountain face where he fell to his death.                                                                                                                     0003574-20c35cfd8f56222f09fd8144bdb60055.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002472 00000000000 015025  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        .@BPShomrim alerted me that stones @ Washington Cemetery are down. I’ve spoken w/ the NYPD who are investigating. I'll be there in the am. pic.twitter.com/j3wHa1dzEp — Dov Hikind (@HikindDov) March 5, 2017

The New York Police Department says no evidence of vandalism has been found at a predominantly Jewish cemetery where more than 40 tombstones were toppled over.The NYPD says after consultation with the management of the Washington Cemetery in Brooklyn, it was determined the 42 tombstones came down as a result of a number of factors. Those include long-term neglect or lack of maintenance, as well as environmental factors such as soil erosion.Assemblyman Dov Hikind tweeted photos Saturday night showing some headstones on the ground.There has been a rash of vandalism at Jewish cemeteries and 122 bomb threats against Jewish organizations in three dozen states since early January.A $69,000 reward has been offered for an arrest and conviction in the vandalism of Mt. Carmel Cemetery, a Jewish cemetery in the Wissinoming section of Philadelphia.Authorities said Friday that Juan Thompson, a former journalist fired for fabricating details in stories, made at least eight threats against Jewish institutions nationwide as part of a campaign against his ex-girlfriend.----The Associated Press contributed to this report.------                                                                                                                                                                                                      0003434-5754f45b72384e51f50b52d21adca2fa.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004051 00000000000 015066  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A foreign billionaire and seven-figure donor to the Clinton Foundation has been caught funding a reportedly illegal voting scheme that links straight to the Democratic National Committee and presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.

A computer hacker who goes by the moniker Guccifer 2.0 recently leaked emails allegedly from the DNC outlining their 2016 general election strategies — and one of them details a coordinated effort with a foreign entity, funded entirely with $100 million from big-time Clinton donor and Swiss billionaire Hansjorg Wyss, to influence the results of the 2016 election.

The group was allegedly targeting pro-Clinton demographics for voter registration as well as “outreach, organizing, and legal and policy advocacy on voting laws”, and according to Washington Beacon reporter Lachlan Markay, that’s illegal.

The group behind the $100 million voter registration push, The Wyss Foundation, is registered as a 501(c)(3) charitable foundation. It is forbidden by law from financing direct political projects.

Critics say the document, titled “Wyss Foundation Democracy Strategy Discussion Memo,” provides clear evidence the group was violating this law, with the DNC’s participation and knowledge.

Markay writes, “The document details the scope of Democratic efforts to boost grassroots organizing, and sheds light on how some of the left’s deepest pockets are facilitating those efforts through nonprofit vehicles generally restricted to charitable activity.”

Wyss himself, as a foreign national, is also legally banned from any federal or state political donations — a rule he’d allegedly violated up to 30 times in a nine-year period, according to The Daily Caller News Foundation.

Wyss also has ties to Clinton, and had previously given between $1 million to $5 million to the Clinton Foundation. Additionally, “Wyss’ now-defunct HJW Foundation previously employed Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta, who received $87,083 from the group in 2013 for consulting services,” according to Markay.

— The Horn editorial team                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0003526-11ea9ccb0ebee30342966bf1536494e0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000030325 00000000000 015075  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.

AMY GOODMAN: We turn to Washington, where congressional Democrats are openly criticizing the secrecy surrounding the negotiations over the Trans-Pacific Partnership, known as the TPP. This comes as President Obama begins a major push to pass the controversial deal. The United States is in talks with 11 [other Pacific Rim] countries for the sweeping trade pact that would cover 40 percent of the global economy, but its provisions have mostly been kept secret. After the White House deemed a briefing on the trade pact classified, Congressmember Rosa DeLauro of Connecticut called the measures “needlessly secretive,” saying, quote, “If the TPP would be as good for American jobs as they claim, there should be nothing to hide.” Well, this comes as President Obama recently called on Congress to pass fast-track legislation to streamline the passage of trade deals through Congress.

PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: As we speak, China is trying to write the rules for trade in the 21st century. That would put our workers and our businesses at a massive disadvantage. We can’t let that happen. We should write those rules. That’s why Congress should act on something called “Trade Promotion Authority.”

AMY GOODMAN: Meanwhile, the AFL-CIO says it will withhold contributions to congressional Democrats to pressure them to vote no on fast-track authority. And some tea party-backed Republicans are saying Obama cannot be trusted with the same negotiating authority that past presidents have had. This spring, the White House has invited Japan’s prime minister, Shinzo Abe, to address a joint session of Congress, in which he may promote the Trans-Pacific Partnership.

For more, we’re joined by Lori Wallach, director of Public Citizen’s Global Trade Watch. As the push for the TPP heats up, she was recently featured in a National Journal profile headlined “The Trade Debate’s Guerilla Warrior Gets Her Day.”

Welcome back to Democracy Now! Tell us about what you’re most concerned about, Lori.

LORI WALLACH: Well, fast-tracking the TPP would make it easier to offshore our jobs and would put downward pressure, enormous downward pressure, on Americans’ wages, because it would throw American workers into competition with workers in Vietnam who are paid less than 60 cents an hour and have no labor rights to organize, to better their situation. Plus, the TPP would empower another 25,000 foreign corporations to use the investor state tribunals, the corporate tribunals, to attack our laws. And then there would be another 25,000 U.S. corporations in the other TPP countries who could use investor state to attack their environmental and health and labor and safety laws. And if all that weren’t enough, Big Pharma would get new monopoly patent rights that would jack up medicine prices, cutting off affordable access. And there’s rollback of financial regulations put in place after the global financial crisis. And there’s a ban on “Buy Local,” “buy domestic” policies. And it would undermine the policy space that we have to deal with the climate crisis—energy policies are covered. Basically, almost any progressive policy or goal would be undermined, rolled back. Plus, we would see more offshoring of jobs and more downward pressure on wages. So the big battle is over fast track, the process. And right now, thanks to a lot of pushback by activists across the country, actually, they don’t have a majority to pass it. But there’s an enormous push to change that, and that’s basically where we all come in.

AMY GOODMAN: I mean, people are not used to hearing that President Obama and the Republicans have found common ground and that President Obama’s opposition are the largest bloc in Congress, and that’s the progressive Democrats. Can you explain why President Obama is pushing TPP forward and TPA, the fast-track authority, which means, again, that you can’t amend this agreement, you can only vote up or down?

LORI WALLACH: Well, I want to—actually, I want to take one step back before guessing why, because it’s hard to imagine. If you go to our website, TradeWatch.org, we’ve literally done a side-by-side of Obama’s policy goals as a president and everything fast-tracking the TPP would do to basically undermine everything that he has fought for, from lower medicine prices to re-regulating Wall Street, to more energy-efficient climate crisis-combating policies, to allegedly this middle-class economics agenda. The TPP and fast track are the antithesis.

But one other thing about fast track folks need to know, which is—and this gets to the weird politics—you’ve got the president basically doing the bidding of all the big corporations and commercial interests that spent millions of dollars to make sure he wasn’t elected the first time and to try and not elect him the second time. Against him are the entire labor movement united. There was a letter signed by every union president—basically, the most unity in the labor movement since certain unions left the AFL-CIO 20 years ago. And it’s the government employee unions, it’s the service sector unions—all the unions that are affected by what happens when all of our good jobs are taken away and the tax base crashes. And you’ve got groups that have never been involved in a trade fight before, all the Internet freedom groups who realize the agreement would undermine the basic rights to an accessible, free Internet. There are issues about net neutrality that could be rolled back. It’s just overarchingly a delivery mechanism for a huge, broad corporate agenda. So then, why would the president be with the Chamber of Commerce, the NAM, all the big lobby groups that also tried to unelect him? And against him are almost every House Democrat, and then, interestingly, a bunch of conservative Republicans.

But it’s not—the issue is not that they, we—anyone—doesn’t want this president to have fast track. The issue is fast track is inappropriate for any president. Fast track lets a president unilaterally pick negotiating partners, set wide rules, not about trade, that would rewrite domestic policy, sign and enter an agreement that would require us to change all of our domestic laws to meet those rules, sign and enter into that agreement before Congress votes to approve the contents, then write implementing legislation to change all the U.S. laws, that isn’t subject to congressional review through committee. It goes directly to the floor. And the president is guaranteed in 90 days a yes-or-no vote, with no filibuster, limited debate, and no amendments. So it’s literally a form of diplomatic legislating. And actually, since 1988, only two presidents have managed to have Congress give away all that authority: Ronald Reagan in '88 and George Bush II in 2002. Every other president who's tried—Clinton in '95, ’97, ’98—Congress said no. So it's not an anti-Obama thing. It’s a no giveaway of the ability of Congress to make our laws. And that’s what fast track is. And that’s why it would enable something as outrageous as the TPP.

AMY GOODMAN: I want to just ask one little example: “Buy American,” the whole push to try to buy things in the United—that are made here, because it would mean more U.S. jobs, etc.—how would that fit in to TPP?

LORI WALLACH: So the way that that works is TPP, amongst its 29 chapters, only five of which have anything to do with trade, one of the nontrade chapters is a chapter about procurement, government procurement rules. And in that chapter, the requirement is that the U.S. government treat bids from any company in any TPP country identically to how they would treat a U.S. company’s bid. But Buy America and Buy American, two laws, the first one from 1934, requires you give a preference to a domestic company, so that when we’re spending our tax dollars, instead of offshoring our tax dollars, we’re reinvesting them in our communities to create jobs and also, by the way, to create innovation. So, like the CAFE standards, that are now normal, the fuel efficiency standards for cars, that was first a procurement condition; so the Renewable Portfolio Standards, the renewable energy standards that are now part of government procurement—that’s how you create a market using the government funds for a behavior you want the private sector to shift to.

Great policy tool, great job creator, super—except, under TPP, we’d have to give a waiver to that preference. Any company in any TPP country, so even ones that aren’t from those countries—Chinese state-owned enterprise firms in Vietnam—would have to be treated the same as a U.S. company and get all of those government contracts. And that’s also the same rule that undermines all the Buy Local preferences. So to the extent—you know, for instance, a lot of school districts have done rules that say, “Let’s buy local food from local farmers. Let’s not have a big multinational company ship our vegetables a thousand miles away when we have the ability from right here to produce and procure.” Those would also be violations. You have to treat the foreign company the same, give them the same access, as you would any domestic company. And if we don’t change our laws to meet those rules, we would face trade sanctions until we do.

AMY GOODMAN: Who negotiated this?

LORI WALLACH: There’s an office that’s part of the Office of the President called the United States Trade Representative, are the actual negotiators. But I think underlying your question is: Who the heck negotiated this? And the reason we have such a lunatic agreement is those negotiators are advised by an official set of trade—U.S. private sector trade advisers. There are almost 600 of these advisers, and all but a handful of them represent big corporate interests. So, there are about 20 labor unions in the mix, of the 600. There are three or four environmental groups. There’s one consumer group, a couple family farm groups. Otherwise, it’s all corporate. So, literally, when it comes to like the pharmaceutical rules, the pricing of medicines, you’ve got all the industry there.

AMY GOODMAN: Can you talk about the strategy that you’re—that people are using in opposing this? Democrats in Congress have spoken out, some of them, around the issue of secrecy. The reason we know this agreement, what’s in it, right, is because WikiLeaks released a draft of it about a year ago. But, you know, going back to 1999, the World Trade Organization in Seattle, for example, the massive protest outside led to the World Trade Organization—I mean, basically, the whole ministerial being called off. What kind of organizing is taking place right now?

LORI WALLACH: Well, actually, what shut down the WTO expansion was a combination of inside and outside. So, folks saw the protests in the street in Seattle in ’99, but there was an entire year of campaigning, country by country, around the world to get the governments who were going to that meeting to agree to not do certain things and to demand certain things.

And where we are in the campaign now is, basically, folks have to ramp up the inside and the outside, which is to say—you may think it sounds corny. I swear it makes a difference. I’ve worked in Capitol Hill. Folks, if you have not called your representative and both of your senators and gotten them to commit to you in writing that they oppose fast track, if and when it comes for a vote, which could be as soon as the third week of April, if you have not done that, you must do that. Please do that. Write them snail mail, email, call. The switchboard at the Capitol can connect you. If you’re not sure who your representative is, all you need is your ZIP code. The Capitol switchboard—you should write this down and stick it on a yellow sticky on your fridge for all purposes—202-225-3121, 202-225-3121.

AMY GOODMAN: Lori, we’re—

LORI WALLACH: But the other—

AMY GOODMAN: We’re going to have to—

LORI WALLACH: —thing to do is—

AMY GOODMAN: We’re going to have to leave it there.

LORI WALLACH: We have a webinar today, TradeWatch.org, you’ll learn all you need to know. TradeWatch.org, webinar today.

AMY GOODMAN: Lori Wallach, director of Public Citizen’s Global Trade Watch, speaking to us from Washington. This is Democracy Now! Back in a minute.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0003585-94ae8224551ce66281363d0025652352.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000022710 00000000000 014364  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Q&A: Italian Traditions Customs "In these Italian Traditions Customs articles we discuss the Italy food culture, hygiene, Italian mommy's boys, wedding customs, strange customs and we end with a joke..."

Rodger asked: How can I get the best cultural experience of Rome Italy?

I will be touring Rome in March 2008 and I was wondering about... "Italian traditions customs and culture i.e. What are typical Italian food customs, wedding customs, Italian Christmas customs and other Italian culture customs and traditions? And any ideas of getting the best Italian cultural experience outside of Rome?"

Arnika replied to Italian traditions customs: My fiance just recently bought a new car and a friend of his that has Italian roots threw some spare change into the back of the car, he said it was an Italian custom for good luck. So I researched it... It's true. It started about 2000 years ago as an offering to the God of roads or travel as a payment for safety, but now it's a superstition, done more for fun than anything else.

Jill replied to Italian traditions customs: I had a great experience of Italian family life and culture, I traveled on a train down the entire east coast. I saw such amazing details of Italian life, the funniest is when they call each other on their mobile phones when they are sitting only three seats away from each other. They all take their family, pets and lunches on the train and it is pure entertainment watching them play out their lives on the way to their summer destination. I say travel by train and just hop off whenever you feel like it - be prepared to be amazed. Oh yes, it's amazing how many older women I saw wearing black! After their husband dies some of them wear black for the rest of there lives.

Patrick replied to Italian traditions customs: Find the best location (meaning most Roman) to live. The more you are among Romans the better. Most tourists choose to stay in a hotel near the main train station, this is the most “non-roman” place to book your Rome accommodation!. It's cheep but most of the residents there are “new Italians” meaning foreigners mostly from developing countries. The place is great but there is little roman about it. And then quite simply, take a walk around Rome, get a guide book or take notes from this site. Eat at trattorias and Pizzerias (not restaurants), they have a more homely feel and the staff and owners often like to converse. Also eat in places away from the main tourist squares.

Cockney Jock replied to Italian traditions customs: Italians enjoy their meals and take their time to eat, they don't shove their food down their throats in 35 - 45 minutes. I still enjoy going to a restaurant in Italy and being able to sit 3 or 4 hours and enjoy the courses and allow my food to settle before I begin the next course. They cook with olive oil, eat a lot of unprocessed meats and fresh vegetables from the market, and cook simple and not over spiced (depending on the area I guess) and don't overload their plates.

Italians enjoy their meals and take their time to eat, they don't shove their food down their throats in 35 - 45 minutes. I still enjoy going to a restaurant in Italy and being able to sit 3 or 4 hours and enjoy the courses and allow my food to settle before I begin the next course. They cook with olive oil, eat a lot of unprocessed meats and fresh vegetables from the market, and cook simple and not over spiced (depending on the area I guess) and don't overload their plates. Return to the top MaryAbbeymore replied to Italian traditions customs: I am an American who has been living in Italy for the last 9 years. Italians are very big on hygiene, you might find some who are very dirty, but they are in the minority. I think Italians are the Europeans who spend the most time and money on hygiene and personal appearance. In all Italian bathrooms you will find a shower or bathtub, toilet and a bidet. If you do not know what a bidet is it looks like a sink but it's low on the ground and Italians use it to wash their feet and intimate parts. Many Italians wash their intimate parts every time they visit the bathroom, and others 1 or 2 times a day. For Italians the thought of cleaning with only toilet paper is quite disgusting. They say it's not clean enough. Italian women spend millions of Euros yearly on perfumes, the hairdresser, shampoos, cosmetics, etc.and so do the Italian men. I know plenty of Italian guys that who spend a lots of money at hair dresser on cologne, shampoo, face cream, waxing, gym, designer clothes, etc. In the hotel I work at a Croatian client told me that Italian men are nothing like Croatian men because they take such good care of themselves (almost better than women in most other countries). I think the majority of Italians shower every day, the ones who go to gym take 2 or more showers. Italian women, and a lot of Italian men shave almost everything. I've yet to see an Italian woman with hairy armpits. I'm telling you all this because I've noticed a lot of stereotypes about Italian women with hairy armpits, it's false!

Marcus from Roman Life Rome Italy replied to MaryAbbeymore re: Italian traditions customs: Wow Mary, thanks for all that information! But what I would like to know is how you know so much about Italians shaving and bathroom habits?!

Jeff replied to Italian traditions customs: A peculiar Italian problem is the stay-at-home son or what they are called in Italian "mammone" - mommy's boy. More than 80% of men between the ages of 18 and 30 still live at home with their parents, enjoying the coddling doting mamas to wash iron clean the room etc so the son is free to spend his time and his income on pleasing himself. Who would want to give that up if they didn't have to? Return to the top George replied to Italian traditions customs: As a half Italian half Aussie I can give you the honest low down on the Italians....



Good:

Social, extremely family oriented, and usually a faithful people. Hospitable and excellent cooks. If you are a friend they've "got your back" so to speak. And they sure know how to chuck a party. They are also mostly hard workers.



Bad:

Can gossip a lot and force feed you even when you are not hungry. Can be waaay to noisy, and some of the guys can be pretty sleazy.



Just like in any culture, good and bad points, but i love my Italian family, they always make me feel welcome and are smiling and laughing.

Sandy replied to Italian traditions customs: Did you know it's an old Italian custom to never give a knife as a gift but to always ask for some small payment? My friend's Italian grandfather asked for a quarter before "giving" him a set of beautiful cooking knives. Apparently the tradition is because if you were to give a person a knife and that person killed someone with the knife then you would feel that it is your fault.

Another one is if you give a wallet as a present you should put a penny in it, this is so that the person will always have money, if you give them an empty wallet its said that they will always be poor!

Return to the top Pasha replied to Italian traditions customs: Some Italian wedding customs are: Sugar coated Jordan Almonds as gifts from the bride (in uneven numbers for luck), these are also sometimes thrown at the bride and groom as they enter the reception area, also for luck.





Putting sugar cubes in the bride and grooms glasses, it increases the effervescence and sweetness of the wine as a metaphor that your life may be the same.





A full cocktail bar beforehand, with cheeses, breads and tasty Italian snacks





A Sunday wedding is the luckiest





In some areas of Italy it is tradition to give money instead of presents to the bride and groom. The money is not given to them personally but displayed in a rainbow design on their bed as a wish of prosperity.





Sometimes the groom carries a piece of iron in his pocket, supposedly to keep evil spirits away





Releasing white doves is another Italian tradition.





The month of May is sometimes avoided as it should be reserved for the veneration of the Virgin Mary.





Rain on the wedding day is supposed to be lucky - “Sposa bagnata, sposa fortunata.”





The wedding cake table is usually also packed with a medley of delicious desserts.



JackB replied to Italian traditions customs:

Sofia just got married, and being a traditional Italian she was still a virgin. On her wedding night at her mother's house she was nervous, but her mother reassured her, "Don't worry, Sofia Luca is a good man, go upstairs and he'll take care of you."

So she went. When she got upstairs, Luca took off his shirt and exposed his hairy chest. Sofia ran downstairs to her mother and said, "Mama, Mama, Luca's got a big hairy chest!"

"Don't worry, Sofia", says the mother, "All good men have hairy chests, go upstairs and he'll take good care of you."

So up she went again. When she was in the bedroom Luca took off his pants exposing his hairy legs, again Sofia ran downstairs to her mother, "Mama, Mama, Luca took off his pants, and he's got hairy legs!"

"Don't worry Sofia, all good men have hairy legs, Luca's a good man, go upstairs and he'll take good care of you."

So, up she went again. When she got up there, Luca was taking his socks off and on his left foot he was missing three toes. When Sofia saw this, she ran downstairs.

"Mama, Mama, Luca's got a foot and a half!"

"Stay here and stir the pasta", says the mother "this is a job for Mama!" Marcus from Roman Life Rome Italy says: For more on Italian tradition customs tips visit my page on Italian culture customs and traditions. Return to the top                                                        0003298-e5fc2cd8aa8788fe808263806e29a40e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010111 00000000000 015125  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Tourism in Iceland has surged in popularity over the last few years amongst all types of travelers. Lately, it seems like everyone and their grandmas are visiting Iceland! We’re not just saying that because Dan’s grandma visited in September. Although that is a true story. Actually, visiting Iceland has been on our bucket list for years, ever since we stumbled upon photographs of their dramatic landscapes.

In June, we spent 1 1/2 weeks in Iceland, starting with their capital city, Reykjavik. From there, we circumnavigated the country via the Ring Road and wrote all about our experiences, which you can read here. The scenery in Iceland was beyond beautiful that we had at least a thousand photos to sort through once we got home. We definitely recommend nature lovers and photographers to make their own visit!

Flight to Iceland

We began our adventures with a 5 hour direct flight from Boston with Icelandair. They handed out Icelandic bottled water in the shape of glaciers, which we thought was a really clever design. In addition, Icelandair supplied their passengers with cozy blankets and pillows for a comfortable flight. As the plane landed at 11:30 PM, we were welcomed by the midnight sun.

Renting a Car

After going through customs, we picked up our compact 2WD car, the Toyota Aygo, from Blue Car Rentals. The Blue Car Rentals office was a short distance from the airport, so we were able to conveniently roll our luggage over. They had excellent customer service and spoke perfect english, so we recommend them!

Things to See in Reykjavik, Iceland

Hallgrímskirkja Church

The next morning, we went sightseeing in Iceland’s capital city, Reykjavik. Hallgrímskirkja church is both Reykjavik’s tallest and most unique building. The architecture was inspired by basalt columns that form when thick lava flow cools. You can actually see the basalt columns in-person at Black Sand Beach on the South Coast of Iceland!

Once we were at the church, we paid a small fee to take the elevator up to the very top for a panoramic view of their city.

The ordinary red-roofed buildings in Iceland reminded me of monopoly pieces!

Sólfar (Sun Voyager Sculpture)

By the coast sits a stainless steel sculpture from 1990 called Sólfar, which translates to The Sun Voyager. It resembles a viking ship, however it’s intentions were to be an ode to the sun.

Harpa Concert Hall

Harpa concert hall was impressive and more modern than its Reykjavik counterparts. The geometric glass design stood out from the simple, colorful houses of Reykjavik. We loved the natural sunlight that filled the building. With plenty of seating, we were able to rest after a long walk through the city.

Bæjarins Beztu Pylsur (Hot dog stand)

After a full day of sightseeing and souvenir shopping, we stopped by Bæjarins Beztu Pylsur in downtown Reykjavik to try one of Iceland’s famous hot dogs. Dan ordered the chili dog (shown on the left) which we immediately regretted! You can hardly see the sausage beneath the mountain of toppings! He had trouble eating, even after we pulled out a fork and knife. Also, he’s lactose-intolerant, so you can sense his misery after seeing that it came with cheese. Although, I will admit that my simple dog, shown on the right, was good and lived up to its name.

Street Art in Reykjavik

As we walked around the city, we noticed a ton of street art and graffiti. I love the colors and style of this one!

Reykjavik’s Neighborhood Cats

Once we arrived at our airbnb in Reykjavik, the friendliest neighborhood cat actually jumped into our rental car! I couldn’t resist giving the big kitty a hug! I’m seriously in love with the cats in Reykjavik. (We met more kitties while walking around the neighborhood). They all seem to be larger, fluffier, and friendlier than the ones at home. Later, we found an Instagram account dedicated to Reykjavik cats! Shoutout to @reykjavikcats!

Would you visit Reykjavik, Iceland?

Our real adventures in Iceland began once we left Reykjavik. Aren’t you the least bit curious to see what we did? Read more to see all the places we explored in Iceland!

** Pin this post for later! **                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0003583-2a93693ff3131f8fd1f5780922bc7c4e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005661 00000000000 015052  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Authorities in the northern Spanish city of Bilbao are distributing cards for people to crush cocaine with prior to snorting, in a bid to reduce the potential harms of nasal drug use – including the spread of hepatitis C.

The plastic card is the same size and shape as an ordinary credit card, and is being distributed under a scheme devised by the Bilbao City Council’s health department. It includes a written warning for people who snort drugs: “if it is not well chopped, you can damage your nostrils”.

Health department officials have asserted that the move is necessary to “minimise the risks [of drug use]”, digital Spanish newspaper El Confidencial reports. They claim that the card is being provided to individuals in a “selective and personalised” manner, so that it would not appear that authorities were condoning drug use among the wider public.

Indeed, according to El Correo - a prominent Bilbao newspaper - the card is not being widely distributed to the public; rather, it is only available for adults who have passed through three “filters”. To receive the card, one must demonstrate interest by visiting a mobile harm reduction facility staffed by health professionals, request harm reduction information, and complete a “personal interview” about their drug use.

People who receive the card are also provided with harm reduction leaflets, including detail about how safer consumption methods are important to reduce the risk of getting hepatitis C from drug use. Scientific evidence indicates that hepatitis C can be transmitted by sharing a drug-snorting straw with someone who already has the disease.

The UK's Hepatitis C Trust has issued a warning on the subject:

“If you share a rolled up note or straw for snorting drugs you risk exposing yourself and others to hepatitis C. This is especially true if your nose is bleeding. Cocaine in particular is very alkaline and corrosive to the thin membranes in the nose. If even tiny drops of your blood - often too small to see - get onto the straw or note, it is quite possible that blood to blood contact may take place through the nasal membrane”.

Therefore, if people who snort cocaine remember to crush their drug as finely as possible before using it, it reduces the likelihood of nasal bleeding, and potential hepatitis C transmission.

Luisa Marquez of ENLACE, a Spain-based federation of organisations that advocates for the proliferation of harm reduction, told TalkingDrugs that this development was “respectful of human rights” because “we can’t stop people from using drugs, but we can prevent some harms.”

“We consider it very necessary to give this kind of information, especially to young people, in order to avoid bigger problems such as deaths and serious diseases,” Marquez added.

The Bilbao City Council has said that providing the card is part of a pilot scheme, and that it could be extended after the results of its implementation have been analysed.                                                                               0003413-be6fe1f58889bb576280f5c10beb21c7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000021776 00000000000 015204  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.

AMY GOODMAN: We want to go to another moment, a couple of moments in the debate. This is around the issue of drug policy. A number of the candidates weighed in. The question of medical marijuana was also debated. This is CNN moderator Jake Tapper.

JAKE TAPPER: Senator Paul, Governor Christie recently said, quote, “If you’re getting high in Colorado today,” where marijuana has been legalized, “enjoy it until January 2017, because I will enforce the federal laws against marijuana.” Will you?

SEN. RAND PAUL: I think one of the great problems, and what the American people don’t like about politics, is hypocrisy, people who have one standard for others and not for them—for themselves. There’s at least one prominent example on the stage of someone who says they smoked pot in high school. And yet, the people who are going to jail for this are poor people, often African Americans and often Hispanics, and yet the rich kids who use drugs aren’t.

I personally think that this is a crime for which the only victim is the individual. And I think that America has to take a different attitude. I’d like to see more rehabilitation and less incarceration. I’m a fan of the drug courts, which try to direct you back towards work and less time in jail.

But the bottom line is the states. We say we like the 10th Amendment—until we start talking about this. And I think the federal government has gone too far. I think that the war on drugs has had a racial outcome and really has been something that’s really damaged our inner cities. Not only do the drugs damage them, we damage them again by incarcerating them and then preventing them from getting employment over time. So, I don’t think that the federal government should override the states. I believe in the 10th Amendment, and I really will say that the states are left to themselves.

JAKE TAPPER: I want to give that—I want to give the person that you called a hypocrite an opportunity to respond. Do you want to identify that person?

SEN. RAND PAUL: Well, I think if we left it open, we could see how many people smoked pot in high school.

JAKE TAPPER: Is there somebody you were specifically thinking of?

SEN. RAND PAUL: Well, you know, the thing is, is that—

JEB BUSH: He was talking about me.

SEN. RAND PAUL: Yeah, I was talking about you. But let me—if I’m going to make the point, let me—

JAKE TAPPER: That’s what I thought, but I wanted him to say it.

JEB BUSH: Well, I wanted to make it easier for him.

JAKE TAPPER: OK.

SEN. RAND PAUL: Yeah.

JEB BUSH: And I just did.

JAKE TAPPER: Governor Bush, please.

JEB BUSH: So, 40 years ago, I smoked marijuana, and I admit it. I’m sure that other people might have done it and may not want to say it in front of 25 million people. My mom’s not happy that I just did. That’s true.

But here’s the deal. Here’s the deal. We have—we have a serious epidemic of drugs that goes way beyond marijuana. What goes on in Colorado, as far as I’m concerned, that should be a state decision. But if you look at the problem of drugs in this—in this society today, it’s a serious problem. Rand, you know this because you’re campaigning in New Hampshire, like all of us, and you see the epidemic of heroin, the overdoses of heroin that’s taking place. People’s families are—are being torn apart. It is appropriate for the government to play a consistent role to be able to provide more treatment, more prevention. We’re the state that has the most drug courts; across every circuit in—in Florida, there are drug courts to give people a second chance. That’s the best way to do this.

SEN. RAND PAUL: But let me respond. The thing is, is that in Florida, Governor Bush campaigned against medical marijuana. That means that a small child like Morgan Hintz that has 500 seizures a day, is failing on nontraditional medications, is not allowed to use cannabis oil, and that if they attempt to do that in Florida, they will take the child away, they will put the parents in jail. And that’s what that means. If you’re against allowing people to use medical marijuana, you’ll actually put them in jail.

JEB BUSH: No, you’re wrong. You’re wrong about this.

SEN. RAND PAUL: And actually, under the current circumstances, kids who had privilege, like you do, don’t go to jail, but the poor kids in our inner cities go to jail. I don’t think that’s fair, and I think that we need to acknowledge it. And it is hypocritical to still want to put poor people in jail, and yet—

JEB BUSH: I don’t want to put poor people in jail, Rand. And my—here’s the deal—

SEN. RAND PAUL: Well, you vote—you oppose medical marijuana. You’re opposed—

JEB BUSH: No, I did not oppose when the Legislature passed the bill to deal with that very issue. That’s the way to solve this problem. Medical marijuana on the ballot was opened up, it was a—there was a huge loophole, and it was the first step towards getting to a Colorado place. And as a citizen of Florida, I voted no.

CARLY FIORINA: Jake?

SEN. RAND PAUL: But that means you’ll put people in jail [inaudible]—

JEB BUSH: No, [inaudible] put people in jail.

JAKE TAPPER: I want to—I want to go right now—I want…

CARLY FIORINA: I very much hope that I am the only person on this stage who can say this, but I know there are millions of Americans out there who will say the same thing. My husband Frank and I buried a child to drug addiction.

So, we must invest more in the treatment of drugs. I agree with Senator Paul. I agree with states’ rights. But we are misleading young people when we tell them that marijuana is just like having a beer. It’s not. And the marijuana that kids are smoking today is not the same as the marijuana that Jeb Bush smoked 40 years ago. We do—sorry, Barbara. We do need—we do need criminal justice reform. We have the highest incarceration rates in the world. Two-thirds of the people in our prisons are there for nonviolent offenses, mostly drug-related. It’s clearly not working. But we need to tell young people the truth. Drug addiction is an epidemic, and it is taking too many of our young people. I know this, sadly, from personal experience.

AMY GOODMAN: That’s Republican presidential candidate, former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina. Before that, Jeb Bush and Senator Rand Paul. John Nichols, weigh in.

JOHN NICHOLS: Well, I thought that was a striking exchange and actually one of the more useful ones that I’ve seen in a presidential debate. And again, here you had a situation where Rand Paul was clearly standing aside from the other candidates. Now, it may be that his campaign has gone so poorly and he’s so low in the polls, that he finally feels he doesn’t have a lot to lose so he’s speaking more of what he believes. But it was incredibly useful, especially that intervention with Jeb Bush where he talked about the difference between people who come from privileged families and people who come from low-income families, from inner-city families, and how we clearly have a criminal justice system that is not equal and that is not functional. And you’ll notice that Paul came back to that again and again. Now, I want to emphasize here, there’s a ton of issues on which I disagree with Rand Paul. I don’t think he’s got the answers on especially a lot of economic concerns. But if you are to have a debate of a major party, you need to have differences of opinion. And what Paul did last night was offer some genuine alternatives.

One of the challenges also that I was struck by in this debate was the—it wasn’t just these ones that you saw there, you also saw Chris Christie come in. And even though you have people who are now talking a little bit about dialing down some of the worst abuses of our criminal justice system and a little bit about acknowledging the racial and economic injustices of the drug war, they still default to extreme statements and to a position that ultimately, I don’t think, is going the right direction. I do think this debate started to open some stuff up on these issues, however.

And finally, the last point I’ll make is, I give credit to the moderator, Jake Tapper, I think, there, for going to Paul repeatedly. He was asked seven direct questions in this debate, I think in an effort to insert a little bit of debate. Because when you saw that horrible moment—I don’t know if we’ll look at it later—between Donald Trump and Carly Fiorina arguing about who was the worst CEO or who was the worst businessperson, I mean, it was just tragic, you know, and empty.

AMY GOODMAN: Well, it was also interesting, because you had—

JOHN NICHOLS: Here you actually saw some discourse on an issue that matters.

AMY GOODMAN: It was interesting because Donald Trump basically started out the whole debate by saying there’s one person who doesn’t belong here, it’s the 11th one on the end, it’s Rand Paul.

NERMEEN SHAIKH: Well, during the presidential debate—

JOHN NICHOLS: And he was the one who actually contributed something. Yeah, yeah. What’s that?  0003494-6d53ac8fa1c47fbb492507ae7a6377e2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001502 00000000000 015171  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Production is due to start early next year on the long-awaited follow-up to Anchorman, with Will Ferrell and Steve Carell leading the returning cast. Entitled Anchorman: The Legend Continues, Adam McKay is directing again too, with the plan being to release the film before 2013 is out.

The further plan also seems to add a new love interest to the movie, and The Wrap is reporting that Kristen Wiig is in talks to take on the role. She would "play opposite Steve Carell", which suggests that it's Brick who will be finding romance. Crikey.

Wiig, whose biggest hit to date has been Bridesmaids (which she co-wrote), would join the likes of Christina Applegate and Paul Rudd in the cast.

More on Anchorman 2 when we get it.

The Wrap.

Follow our Twitter feed for faster news and bad jokes right here. And be our Facebook chum here.                                                                                                                                                                                              0003607-b01ccd1f2f4756f22a611a900b8e8b02.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010242 00000000000 015053  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Will this be the future of luxury bachelor and bachelorette parties? Maybe it's something you could get your grandkids. By 2050, bordellos will offer for-hire sex robots for disease- and guilt-free pleasure, according to a new scientific paper.

The research, published in the May issue of the journal Futures, sits incongruously among more staid titles about new spatial planning methods and urban sprawl. The paper is meant to be a "futuristic scenario" that "pushes plausibility to the limit," write its authors, Michelle Mars and tourism professor Ian Yeoman, both of the Victoria University of Wellington in New Zealand.

Nevertheless, they said, "It is feasible. Society has had relationships with machines and we continue to have increasingly intimate relationships with more and more sophisticated technologies." And for the sex tourism industry, it's something to look forward to, they said. Commercial sex robots would be free of disease and would reduce the trafficking of real people for sex work, they write.

To explore their ideas, Yeoman and Mars envisioned Amsterdam's sex tourism industry in 2050. They imagined "Yub-Yum," a sex club for business travelers, which would sell "all-inclusive service" — including massages, lap dances and intercourse — for 10,000 Euros, or about $13,000.

Rises in human trafficking and in drug-resistant strains of HIV, which Yeoman and Mars predict will occur in the 2040s, motivated Amsterdam officials to license robotic bordellos. In spite of serious problems with human brothels, city tourism council members didn't want to shut down brothels altogether because they worried such a crackdown might drive away tourists. Robots were the answer.

The bots would be made with bacteria-resistant fiber and cleaned after each use so they wouldn't transmit diseases between customers. Customers "feel guilt-free" because they don't have sex with people, so they don't have to lie to spouses about what they're doing, according to the researchers.

Other drivers the researchers said that will make the sexy bot future possible are the growth of the sex industry and people's desire for humanly unattainable perfection — the researchers pointed to the popularity of plastic surgery as evidence.

Here in 2012, companies in Japan and South Korea are already hiring out sex dolls, the researchers said. "The early successes of the sex doll businesses are a clear indicator of things to come," they write.

The authors acknowledged social questions they didn't answer, such as whether couples would consider visiting a sex robot infidelity and whether people really would want to have sex with a robot. The only drawback they covered in any detail is that robotic prostitutes might put human ones out of business. Robots can perform superhuman feats and don't need rest. Mars and Yeoman's Yub-Yum scenario included protests by Amsterdam's human sex workers.

There was an additional question we thought of at InnovationNewsDaily, however. While the authors optimistically write about "sexual gods and goddesses of different ethnicities, body shapes, ages, languages and sexual features," we imagined people might be able to bring to life stereotyped, socially harmful fetishes. They might want to order bots that look like children or personify racial stereotypes, such as savage indigenous people or submissive Asian women. While it might be relatively easy to create laws against creating robots that look underage, it would be more difficult to rule against stereotypes.

So while their extreme trend-spotting exercise is fun, the researchers' conclusion might be a little glib. "If such a proposition came true," they write, "Amsterdam would probably be the safest and best sex tourism destination in world and all the social problems associated with sex tourism would disappear overnight."

Follow InnovationNewsDaily on Twitter @News_Innovation, or on Facebook.

Related on InnovationNewsDaily:

This story is copyright 2012 InnovationNewsDaily, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved.

By 2050, sex-for-hire robots may be the norm

Will this be the future of luxury bachelor and bachelorette parties? Maybe it's something you could get your grandkids. By 2050, bordellos will offer for-hire s                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0003580-694a667df6f4d047a582d5c289c71276.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004364 00000000000 014722  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        BEIJING (Reuters) - China aims to provide clean air in its largest cities for 80 percent of each year, or more than 9-1/2 months, by 2020, up from a figure of 76.7 percent last year, the country’s cabinet said on Monday.

Workers stand on a bridge in front of the financial district of Pudong amid heavy smog in Shanghai, China December 5, 2016. REUTERS/Aly Song

Amid concern that pollution was stirring social unrest, China launched a campaign in 2014 to revitalize its tainted air, water and soil, which have been ravaged by more than three decades of breakneck industrial growth.

The clean air goal for 338 cities was laid out in a five-year development plan on ecological and environmental protection that said China would push structural reforms to cut excess capacity in polluting industries.

“With the downward pressure on the economy increasing, the contradiction between development and protection has become more prominent,” the cabinet said.Under the plan, authorities in Beijing, the capital, its neighboring city of Tianjin and the northern province of Hebei, and those along the Yangtze River economic belt will draw up eco-protection “red lines” by the end of 2017.

Other provinces and cities will have to draw up such “red lines” by the end of 2018, the cabinet said.

Total coal consumption in Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei, and the eastern Shandong and central Henan provinces will be cut about a tenth during the five-year plan period.

Consumption in the commercial capital of Shanghai, and the eastern provinces of Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Anhui will be cut by around 5 percent in the same timeframe.

Coal consumption in China’s Pearl River Delta region will also be cut by a tenth during the period, the plan stated.

China aims to cut emissions of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide, both gases associated with acid rain, by 15 percent in 2020, from 2015 levels, it said.

Chemical oxygen demand, a measure of water quality, will be cut by 10 percent, while ammonia nitrogen emissions will also be reduced by 10 percent.

Last week, the province of Hebei, which borders Beijing, issued its first “red alert” of the year over severe pollution. The highest level alert for smog requires suspension of work in factories, with cars being pulled off the road.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0003471-d84905b44be052584f7b5ea4ca8681c8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005055 00000000000 015041  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Ruger Delivers On and Extends the "2 Million Gun Challenge"

July 26, 2016

Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc. (NYSE: RGR) is excited to announce the extension of the 2 Million Gun Challenge to Benefit the NRA - which is now the 2.5 Million Gun Challenge!



Between the 2015 and 2016 NRA Annual Meetings, Ruger met the challenge goal of selling two million new firearms, for a total donation of $4,000,000 to the NRA-ILA. Ruger CEO Mike Fifer and President/COO Chris Killoy presented Chris Cox, NRA-ILA's Executive Director, with a check for $4,000,000 at the 2016 NRA Annual Meetings in Louisville, Kentucky.



"Ruger's continued commitment to supporting the NRA-ILA is outstanding," said NRA-ILA Executive Director Chris Cox. "The funds raised from this program will help us in both our fight to protect America's Second Amendment and our effort to educate voters and get them to the polls this crucial election year."



During the challenge period, one of the largest independent distributors of Ruger® firearms, Davidson's / Gallery of Guns, also pledged to donate $1 for each new Ruger firearm they sold. Their effort added more than $350,000 to the NRA-ILA cause.



"We believe that everyone in our industry should stand united and fight to protect our Second Amendment rights," said Davidson's CEO and President Bryan Tucker. Mr. Tucker echoed the message of Chris Cox, noting that "Our participation in the Two Million Gun Challenge is one of the ways that we continue to support the NRA-ILA and show our leadership in defense of the American Constitution."



Both Ruger and Davidson's / Gallery of Guns have pledged to extend the challenge period through the end of October, to ensure continued support up until the election. Ruger's goal is to sell another 500,000 new firearms - totaling $5,000,000 in donations to the NRA ILA for the 2015-2016 period.



Ruger CEO Mike Fifer commented, "With the support of our loyal consumers, we are not only able to make history again, but we also are showing our support of the NRA-ILA during this critical election year. I want to sincerely thank Bryan Tucker and the Davidson's organization for joining us in this challenge. I hope others follow in their footsteps to create a level of support for our Second Amendment Rights and the NRA-ILA that is contagious," Fifer concluded.



For more information on the Ruger 2.5 Million Gun Challenge, visit Ruger.com/2Million. To learn more about the extensive line of award-winning Ruger firearms, visit Ruger.com or Facebook.com/Ruger. To learn more about Davidson's Gallery of Guns, visit galleryofguns.com.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003472-b4710cb18d36635e95426569d2116678.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000030732 00000000000 014464  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        10 Ways to free up hard drive space on Windows lists ten methods to analyze and clear used hard drive space on Windows computer systems.

While you might say that such a guide is no longer necessary, as we are in the age of the Terabyte hard drive, I respectfully have to disagree.

First, older computers running Windows may not use a Terabyte drive as the main hard drive of the system. Second, Solid State Drives, while slowly picking up pace in regards to storage, are mostly used as 512 Gigabyte or less drives. In some cases, computers may have a 120 Gigabyte SSD or even less than that as the main system drive.

If you check out Microsoft's newest Surface device, the Surface Pro 4, you will notice that two models come with 128 Gigabyte of storage only.

Last but not least, even if your computer has plenty of space, you may want to free up drive space anyway as most of it is dead weight.

10 Ways to free up hard drive space on Windows

The following ten methods may be used in conjunction with each other, or individually.

Analyze disk space

The very first thing you may want to do is analyze the disk space. This gives you a pretty good picture of the biggest offenders space-wise.

I like to use WizTree for that but there are plenty of alternatives such as TreeSize Free, the Disk Analyzer of CCleaner, or Xinorbis.

WizTree offers two view modes that are both useful. Tree View displays a tree hierarchy of folders and files sorted from largest to smallest. File View on the other hand puts the focus on files only. Both are useful in determining which folders and files use a lot of space.

You may want to jump to the methods below that are most lucrative when it comes to freeing up disk space. If you spot a 16 Gigabyte Page File for instance, you may want to start there by reducing it.

Previous Windows installations / Updates Cleanup

When you upgrade Windows to a new version, a copy of the old version is kept for a period of time. This is done to give you the option to restore the old version should you run into issues or are dissatisfied with the new version of Windows. This copy may take up more than ten Gigabyte of storage space.

It is a bit different for updates. When you install updates, old updates or files may become useless as they are replaced by new files.

Windows keeps these around as well and does not remove them. Updates cleanup refers to removing outdated update files that are no longer required.

Note: if you remove old Windows installation files or old updates, you have no option to go back anymore. It is suggested to use the operating system for a time before running these clean up operations.

Tap on the Windows-key, type Disk Cleanup and hit enter. Confirm the UAC prompt that is displayed. Select the main drive (c usually), and click ok. This comes up only if more than one drive letter is used by storage devices. Click on "clean up system files" when the Disk Cleanup window pops up. Select the main drive again, and click ok.

Each entry is listed with the disk space it occupies currently. While you may check them all, it is suggested to only check the items that you know you don't need anymore.

Select "previous Windows installation(s)" to clear up old Windows installation files, and "Windows Update Cleanup" to remove old files that are no longer required.

You may also want to consider removing log files, system dumps, and temporary files.

Patch Cleaner is a third-party program that you may use to remove old updates no longer needed.

Pagefile

The Pagefile, located at x:\pagefile.sys where x is the drive letter, may appear like a relic of the past to you, especially if you have plenty of memory installed. It is used for caching, and using a fixed or dynamic amount of disk space for that.

It may be quite large, 8 or more Gigabytes by default which usually is not required.

Use the keyboard shortcut Windows-Pause to open the System Control Panel applet. Select Advanced System Settings when it opens. Click on the settings button under Performance when the System Properties window opens. Switch to the advanced tab and click on the change button under Virtual Memory.

This displays all hard drives connected to the PC and the paging file size for each drive. You may change the paging file size by selecting a drive, switching to custom size, and adding initial size and maximum size values. You may also consider disabling the page file for secondary hard drives as well.

As an example: on a computer with 16 Gigabytes of RAM, I set the pagefile size on drive c to 2 Gigabyte, and disabled it on all other drives. This worked well and I did not notice any issues using the computer this way. The initial pagefile size was 8 Gigabyte on the computer, which means that I regained 6 Gigabytes of disk space.

Hibernate

Hibernate is a power state in which everything that is open at the time is saved to disk. The idea is to load the content again from disk when the PC is fired up the next time so that you can resume exactly where you left.

The data is saved to the file hiberfil.sys. Obviously, it makes little sense for you to disable Hibernation if you make use of the feature. If you don't however, you will free up Gigabytes of disk space by disabling the feature.

Tap on the Windows-key, type cmd.exe, hold down the Ctrl-key and Shift-key, and hit enter. Confirm the UAC prompt that appears. This opens an elevated command prompt. To disable Hibernate, run the command powercfg.exe -h off. To turn it on again, run the command powercfg.exe -h on.

The hiberfil.sys file is removed from the system as soon as you disable Hibernation.

System Restore

System Restore is a backup feature of the Windows operating system that uses disk space to store system snapshots. These snapshots may be created automatically by Windows, for instance before updates are installed, or manually by the user.

Basically, what System Restore allows you to do is roll back the system to a recent state. System Restore may reserve quite a big of hard drive space for its functionality, and one option that you have to free up disk space is to reduce the reserved space.

This means fewer snapshots that System Restore maintains at any point in time though.

Use the keyboard shortcut Windows-Pause to open the System Control Panel applet. Click on "System Protection". The window that opens lists all drives and their protection state. On indicates that System Restore is enabled for the drive, off that it is turned off.

Locate the main drive letter (usually c) and click on the configure button. This opens a new window with two main options: 1) turn system protection on or off and 2) change the maximum disk space usage of System Restore.

You may reduce System Restore's max usage a couple of percent. How much depends entirely on you and other backup strategies you may make use of.

I have set it to 2% on the main drive, and turned it off on all other drives.

Clear Temporary Files

Programs and Windows may use temporary files. Web browsers use them to store website files locally to speed up future visits. Temporary files are never essential, but they may help speed things up and perform certain operations faster.

While it is certainly possible to clean temporary files manually, or through the settings in individual programs, it is often better to use specialized software for that.

You may use Windows' own Disk Cleanup -- referenced above -- for that to a degree, but third-party programs like CCleaner or PrivaZer do a better more thorough job when it comes to that.

CCleaner separates between Windows and Applications. Windows covers native programs and features such as Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge or Windows Explorer. All you have to do is select the areas that you want analyzed for disk space usage and temporary files.

Once done, hit the analyze button to check these locations and display the data they contain currently. You may then add or remove options or click on run cleaner to clear the temporary files.

Note: If you select cookies under browsers, you will be logged out of services you are signed in at the time. You may also lose access to your browsing history if you select to clear the history.

Tip: CCEhancer adds support for additional temporary file locations and programs to CCleaner.

Move Temporary Files / Downloads

Clearing temporary files is just a temporary solution to space issues you may experience. Programs and Windows continue to add temp files to the system as you use them.

While you may run temporary file cleaners regularly to keep the data use in check, you may also want to consider moving folders to another drive if available.

How that is done depends on the program you are using. Most web browsers for instance let you pick a download folder where all files get downloaded to. Some allow you to select temporary file locations as well, and the same is true for Windows.

To move temporary file locations in Windows, do the following:

Use the Windows-Pause shortcut to open the System Control Panel applet. Select Advanced System Settings when the window opens. Select Environment Variables when the next window opens. Locate the user and system variables TEMP and TMP. Note that they point to a directory on the hard drive, by default C: \Windows\TEMP for system variables and AppData\Local\Temp for user variables. Double-click on a TEMP or TMP entry, and change the drive letter and path to the temporary files folder to another drive.

Check out these guides on how to change the IE and Edge download folder, or move the Firefox cache to another drive as examples on how to do that.

Uninstall Programs

Programs, and especially games, may take up a whole lot of disk space. Modern games are Gigabyte-sized, and it is uncommon that games use thirty or more Gigabyte on the hard drive when installed.

One option to free up disk space is to remove programs and games that you don't require anymore.

While you may use Windows' native tools to remove programs, it may not be the best of ideas for two reasons. First, Windows runs only the uninstaller but no cleanup operations afterwards. Second, third-party tools may provide you with size information on top of that which may help you during the selection process.

Programs like Revo Uninstaller, or Geek Uninstaller offer that functionality. If you use Revo Uninstaller, switch to the details view mode after the program listing has been populated initially. Click on size then so sort the listing by file size.

Move files / programs

You cannot uninstall programs if you still require them. Moving may be an option in this case then, provided that you have another hard drive available. Please note that you may need to take hard drive performance into account as well. If you move a game from a fast Solid State Drive to a low spinning 5400 rpm platter-based drive, you will notice longer loading times.

I have covered the process before, check out how to move large apps or games to another drive, for all the instructions you need.

The basic idea is the following one: you move the app or game to another drive, and use symbolic links to make them point from the new location to the old one.

All files are then accessible from the old and new location so that you don't lose any functionality.

Duplicate files

Duplicate files are another thing that you may want to look into. The gain depends largely on how the computer is used. If you like to download large bulk archives from the Internet for instance, or use different programs for the same purpose, thing file synchronization, then you may end up with duplicate files on the system that may take up a bit of disk space.

The best way to handle this is to use third-party programs to find duplicate files on the system. There are numerous programs that provide you with that functionality: CloneSpy, DoubleKiller or Duplicate Commander are just three.

The main difference between the programs may be the methods used to determine duplicates. Basic duplicate file finders compare file names and extensions only. More advanced programs may use hashes instead, or even use fuzzy logic to find nearly identical files (think a photo that is available in two different resolutions).

Resources

You may find the following resources useful. They may review programs that you may find useful, or provide additional information on certain clean up methods.

Now You: Have another tip? Let us know in the comments.

Summary Article Name 10 Ways to free up hard drive space on Windows Description The guide lists ten methods to free up disk space on Windows computers using various native and third-party programs. Author Martin Brinkmann Publisher Ghacks Technologyg News Logo

Advertisement                                      0003604-c3ad1c52171b24237838cc12bb1e3953.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012104 00000000000 014712  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Researchers at the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) in Boulder, CO, have demonstrated multiple computing operations on quantum bits–a crucial step toward building a practical quantum computer.

Shine on, ions: Beryllium ions are trapped inside the dark slit on the left side of this chip. When researchers focus lasers on the ions, the ions can be used to perform quantum calculations.

Quantum computers have the potential to perform calculations far faster than the classical computers used today. This superior computing power comes from the fact that these computers use quantum bits, or qubits, which can represent both a 1 and a 0 at the same time, in contrast to classical bits that can represent only a 1 or a 0. Scientists take a number of different approaches to creating qubits. At NIST, the researchers use beryllium ions stored within so-called ion traps. Lasers are used to control the ions’ electronic states, depending on the frequency to which the laser light is tuned. The electronic states of the ions and their interactions determine the quantum operations that the machine performs.

Over the past few decades, researchers have made steady progress toward a quantum computer, for instance, by storing quantum data or performing logic operations on qubits. But the NIST work, which is published online today by the journal Science, pieces together several crucial steps for the first time. The work involved putting an ion into a desired state, storing qubit data in it, performing logical operations on one or two of the qubits, transferring that information among different locations, and finally reading out the qubit result individually. Importantly, the researchers show that they can perform one operation after another in a single experiment.

“This is the next step in trying to put a quantum computer together,” says Dave Wineland, lead researcher on the project. “It’s nice to have reached this stage.”

The NIST team performed five quantum logic operations and 10 transport operations (meaning they moved the qubit from one part of the system to another) in series, while reliably maintaining the states of their ions–a tricky task because the ions can easily be knocked out of their prepared state. In other words, the researchers had to be careful that they didn’t lose quantum combinations of 1s and 0s while they manipulated their ions.

One of the major problems in performing multiple operations is that the ions heat up after a single operation, in which laser beams, tuned to specific frequencies, adjust the energy level of electrons. Once this happens, explains Jonathan Home, a postdoctoral researcher at NIST, the researchers can’t do any further operations because the qubits can no longer hold both a 1 and a 0. To solve this problem, the researchers added magnesium ions to the mix. These ions are cooled with another set of lasers and, though the cold magnesium ions are not used for computation, they effectively chill the beryllium ions, keeping them in a stable state.

A second challenge when repeating operations inside this type of quantum computer is making sure that the ions are protected from stray magnetic fields that can also cause them to lose their quantum state. To solve this problem, the researchers chose specific energy-levels within which the ions are temporarily impervious to changes in surrounding magnetic fields. This maintains the qubit’s state for up to 15 seconds, plenty of time, says Home, to perform a series of millisecond-long operations. “Our particular choice of levels doesn’t change with the magnetic field,” he says. “We don’t have to worry about the lifetime of the qubits anymore.”

The experiment is a “milestone accomplishment,” says Isaac Chuang, a professor in the electrical engineering, computer science, and physics departments at MIT. “Very much like the early evolution of transistors into calculators, this work demonstrates a complete assembly of basic steps needed for a scalable quantum computer.” Chuang adds that the research “sets the bar” for other quantum computing systems.

In demonstrations, the researchers manipulated two qubits at a time. For ion trap systems, the maximum number of qubits used in varying experiments so far is less than 10. In order to outperform a classical computer, the researchers would need to perform operations on 30 or more qubits, suspects Home, something he thinks could happen in the next five to 10 years. While quantum computers hold promise for breaking ultrasecure encryption codes, he says that early quantum computers will mostly likely be used to simulate physical systems, for example, the electronic properties of materials.

But to get there, the researchers will need to improve their system. Currently, it performs with 94 percent accuracy. For a quantum computer to be reliable enough to use, it must be 99.99 percent accurate. A major factor affecting the accuracy of the system is the intensity fluctuations of the lasers that perform the operations on the ions. However, new, more-reliable, and more-powerful ultraviolet lasers could solve this problem, says Home.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0003591-c3552cb2002b3774b305dee9c80e9297.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010540 00000000000 014742  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        US And EU Still Clueless About What The SOPA And ACTA Defeats Really Mean

from the how-can-they-not-get-it? dept

In the wake of the recent defeat of ACTA in the European Parliament, the key questions are not just what the European Commission will now do, but what lessons the EU and US will learn from it, especially in the wake of the equally dramatic derailing of SOPA earlier this year. At the annual meeting of the Transatlantic Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) Working Group in Brussels last week, both the EU and US agencies and rights holders let slip a few hints about what they are really thinking.

Here, for example, is how the EU views the post-ACTA situation, as reported by Intellectual Property Watch: Where IP rights once was a field for experts, now it drives the masses to the streets, the European Commission said referring to recent protests against the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA). Without a much stronger commitment from rights holders, the rejection of ACTA would just be the beginning, Commission representatives said according to observers. This is extraordinary: rather than taking on board the concerns expressed by tens of thousands of European citizens about how ACTA was negotiated, and the way it sought to preserve outdated business models by weakening online privacy and freedom, the European Commission instead wants rights holders to fight back against this wave of protests. No sense, then, that maybe the Commission and copyright industries should possibly change their position to reflect the clearly-expressed wishes of European citizens, only a worry that without some kind of concerted action, things might swing slightly in the public's favor for once -- perish the thought.

The European Commission wasn't even prepared to consider splitting ACTA into two separate treaties -- one dealing with counterfeits, the other with online copyright issues: Jean-Luc Demarty, the director general of the Trade Directorate of the European Commission, said at the meeting with regard to question of a potential split of counterfeiting and copyright piracy, IPR could not just be for bags and t-shirts. This betrays a woeful -- or perhaps willful -- lack of understanding about why physical counterfeits and digital copies are fundamentally different, and need to be addressed with different means.

The US side was not much better: George York, deputy assistant to the US Trade Representative for IP and Innovation, and Susan Wilson, director of the Office of Intellectual Property Rights in the US Department of Commerce, confirmed during the meeting that despite ACTA’s failure in the EU, the ratification process would go on in the US, despite concerns by some experts about potential inconsistencies with US laws. Again, no hint that maybe ACTA was the wrong solution, or that it lacked legitimacy without the support of citizens in signatory nations. Just the insistence that the US would plough ahead, regardless of any inconsistencies with those tiresome laws.

As if that weren't enough, the meeting's participants went on to express that they are "highly skeptical" about open access to scientific knowledge -- despite the huge and growing support for it among scientists themselves. The old FUD that open access somehow undermines peer review was rolled out -- even though no one who understands open access even minimally could possibly make that absurd accusation.

The US and EU administrations also both said that India's compulsory licensing of Bayer's anti-cancer drug rang "alarm bells"; tellingly, the EU side added that the EU-India Free Trade Agreement currently being negotiatied "still needs work" -- presumably so as to limit India's freedom to issue more such compulsory licenses.

The nearest thing to a tacit admission that the defeat of SOPA and ACTA indicated something was seriously wrong with the whole system came from William E. Kennard, the US Ambassador to the EU, who boldly suggested that legislators still have not got the balance in this area "quite right". Such a laughable characterization of the chasm that separates what the law tries to impose and what the public now believes is reasonable shows just how little US and EU officials and rights holders have really grasped what this year's extraordinary events mean for copyright -- and for them.

Follow me @glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca, and on Google+

Filed Under: acta, eu, politicians, sopa, us                                                                                                                                                                0003569-989370152998c3f1883e1ff1a3147f02.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006553 00000000000 014563  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Federal Trade Commission denies accusations that it took no legal action against the tech company because of intense lobbying efforts

Google did not lobby us into submission, US trade watchdog says

America’s top trade watchdog has rejected accusations it took no legal action to curb Google’s dominance in search because of intensive lobbying by the software giant.

Google staff donations made the firm the second-largest corporate backer in Barack Obama’s 2012 re-election campaign.

The Wall Street Journal this week revealed that Google employees had lobbied the White House 230 times since Obama first took office, in 2009, and that the search company employs 20 separate lobbying agencies.

The chairwoman of America’s Federal Trade Commission, Edith Ramirez, issued a statement on Wednesday night rejecting accusations in the Journal that the regulator had ignored the advice of its own staff in deciding to close its Google investigation.

“Contrary to recent press reports, the Commission’s decision on the search allegations was in accord with the recommendations of the FTC’s Bureau of Competition, Bureau of Economics, and Office of General Counsel,” Ramirez wrote.

The statement was signed by two other serving commissioners. The remaining two members of the five-strong commission were not serving in early 2013, when the FTC settled with Google after extracting voluntary concessions from the company.

Ramirez said: “Some of the FTC’s staff attorneys on the search investigation raised concerns about several other Google practices. In response, the Commission obtained commitments from Google regarding certain of those practices. Over the last two years, Google has abided by those commitments.”

The Journal has obtained and published a partial copy of a 2012 report by FTC staff in which serious concerns were raised about Google’s practices.

In the strongly worded document, FTC staff identify risks in bringing legal action against Google, but state: “Staff concludes that Google’s conduct has resulted – and will result – in real harm to consumers and to innovation in the online search and advertising markets. Google has strengthened its monopolies over search and search advertising through anticompetitive means, and has forestalled competitors’ and would-be competitors’ ability to challenge those monopolies, and this will have lasting negative effects on consumer welfare.”

The debate is being closely watched in Europe, where competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager must soon decide whether to step up a long-drawn-out inquiry into Google search practices. The European commission probe began in 2010 and remains open after the rejection of three successive packages of voluntary concessions.

Ramirez blasted suggestions that commissioners had been politically influenced. She said: “Today’s Wall Street Journal article … makes a number of misleading inferences and suggestions about the integrity of the FTC’s investigation. The article suggests that a series of disparate and unrelated meetings involving FTC officials and executive branch officials or Google representatives somehow affected the Commission’s decision to close the search investigation in early 2013. Not a single fact is offered to substantiate this misleading narrative.”

In an emailed statement, the Journal defended its reporting as “careful, accurate and fair”.                                                                                                                                                     0003456-81aabfbfef5b6c296d643235c119e678.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003347 00000000000 015205  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Standards in Public Office Commission has defended the cost of investigating a Fianna Fáil Senator’s expenses insisting the majority of the money was spent on challenging court cases taken.

Freedom of Information documents released to the Journal.ie this morning showed it has cost €300,000 to carry out an investigation into the alleged duplication of expenses by Brian Ó Domhnaill.

Mr Ó Domhnaill is accused of claiming expenses for different events held at the same time.

Sipo has insisted the majority of the €300,000 was spent on challenging court cases taken by the Donegal Senator.

Mr Ó Domhnaill took cases in the High Court and the Court of Appeal seeking to prevent Sipo investigating the duplication of expenses. He lost both cases.

A Sipo spokesman said the body had won its claim for costs so the majority of the monies would be returned to the exchequer.

A total of €25,000 was spent on translation services, which was a request by Mr Ó Domhnaill. He sought to conduct the public hearing in Irish.

A Sipo spokesman said this was his constitutional right but it did add significant costs.

The spokesman said a standard investigation would cost a fraction of Mr O’Dómhnaill’s.

“We have a duty to investigate all complaints forwarded to us. The majority of the costs involved here related to Mr Ó Domhnaill’s decision to take a High Court challenge and to subsequently refer it to the Court of Appeal.

“That is his right and entitlement. However it should be stressed that a large sum of our legal costs will be refunded to the exchequer.”

Sipo has made a preliminary decision in the case and a final report is being drafted at present.

Mr Ó Domhnaill declined to comment until the office has concluded its work.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0003589-440ebb20ccc14cead65d32e0f7484104.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010610 00000000000 015142  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        All parties have been united in paying tribute to the late South African leader, but in the past things were more complicated

Nelson's Mandela death has brought together politicians from across the political spectrum in shared tribute, obscuring a far less harmonious history in which attitudes towards the South African leader during the apartheid years divided along bitter ideological lines.

The shift is most apparent in the Conservative party. The union flag hung at half mast over Downing Street morning and David Cameron issued a lavish tribute, describing Mandela as "a towering figure in our time; a legend in life and now in death – a true global hero".

The praise was in stark contrast to the view taken by Cameron's predecessor and another of his heroes, Margaret Thatcher, who described the African National Congress as "a typical terrorist organisation" and fiercely opposed sanctions against the apartheid regime. Her South Africa policy was in part personal: her husband, Denis, had extensive business interests in the country. But her outrage at sanctions also sprang from her anti-communist convictions, which put the promotion of the free market above most, if not all, other political concerns.

As the apartheid apparatus began to crumble, Thatcher's instinctive support went to the Zulu leader Mangosuthu Buthelezi, who led the Inkatha Freedom party, the ANC's only serious rival, rather than to Mandela.

At the 1987 Commonwealth summit, her spokesman, Bernard Ingham, derisively rejected the suggestion that the ANC could achieve power. "It is cloud cuckoo land for anyone to believe that could be done," Ingham said, seven years before the watershed election that made Mandela president.

While Thatcher herself always claimed to oppose apartheid on principle and was eventually persuaded to take the ANC seriously as an opposition movement, some of her keenest supporters were far less restrained.

An arch-Thatcherite MP, Teddy Taylor, declared that Mandela "should be shot". One of her biggest fans in the press, the News of the World's "Voice of Reason", Woodrow Wyatt, accused Mandela and the ANC of trying to establish "a communist-style black dictatorship".

Sir Larry Lamb, a personal friend of Thatcher and then Daily Express editor, declared in 1985 that Mandela's unconditional release would be "a crass error".

During Thatcher's time in office, members of the Federation of Conservative Students (FCS) went as far as wearing stickers declaring: "Hang Nelson Mandela" until the group was banned in 1986 by an embarrassed Tory leadership. The head of the FCS at the time, John Bercow, is now the Speaker of the Commons, but he has insisted he did not take part in the Mandela-baiting.

Nor is there any evidence that the young David Cameron was involved. However, he did visit apartheid South Africa in 1989, when he was 23, on an all-expenses-paid "fact-finding mission" funded by Strategy Network International, a lobbying group seeking to lift sanctions.

The demonisation of the then political prisoner had its roots in racial attitudes but also in the black-and-white cold-war world of ideological struggle, in which Mandela's ties with the South African Communist party mattered far more than their common opposition to a deeply unjust system.

Cameron broke with previous Conservative policy on South Africa while he was opposition leader. Returning in 2006 from South Africa, where he met Mandela for the first time, he wrote in the Observer: "The mistakes my party made in the past with respect to relations with the ANC and sanctions on South Africa make it all the more important to listen now."

The attempt to bury Tory ghosts drew accusations of betrayal from Thatcher aides such as Ingham, who remarked: "I wonder whether David Cameron is a Conservative."

The party chairman during the Thatcher era, Lord Tebbit, was also unrepentant. Challenged over the Tories' demonisation of Mandela as a terrorist in the 1980s, Tebbit told BBC Radio 4's The World at One: "He was the leader of a political movement which had begun to resort to terrorism. You have to act within the constraints of the time and I get very irritated by people who judge the past by the present."

However, such sentiments have been rare across the political landscape in the reaction to Mandela's death. Perhaps uniquely among the world's political leaders, he has long been an icon of freedom, justice and tolerance with whom all politicians strive to identify.                                                                                                                        0003517-8fccb7974ffeea4f547627f411013295.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003361 00000000000 015046  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Image caption Patriarch Kirill (R) met President Dmitry Medvedev on Friday evening

The head of the Russian Orthodox Church has said the Kremlin should heed the recent mass protests over ballot-rigging and adjust its policies.

In a televised message on Orthodox Christmas Day, Patriarch Kirill said it would be a "very bad sign" if the authorities ignored the protesters.

He added that he could not take sides in the election dispute.

However the Church, which counts about 70% of Russians as members, has close links to the Kremlin.

It is unclear whether this is the patriarch's first comment on the election protests which gripped Moscow last month, but Russian commentators said it was unexpected.

The last big rally, on 24 December, drew as many as 100,000 people to central Moscow in the biggest anti-government demonstration since Soviet times.

It was called to protest at the conduct of parliamentary elections on 4 December, which were seen as a test of the electoral system ahead of a presidential election in March that Prime Minister Vladimir Putin is contesting. Mr Putin served two terms as Russian president before becoming prime minister.

"The main thing is to translate correctly expressed protests into a policy adjustment," the patriarch said in Saturday's broadcast.

"If the authorities remain insensitive to the expression of protests, it is a very bad sign, a sign of the authorities' inability to adjust themselves."

The Church could not take sides over the elections, he said, because it had members "among both those on the square and those who were being opposed on the square".

Patriarch Kirill congratulated Russian President Dmitry Medvedev when they met at a Christmas Eve service in Moscow's Christ The Saviour Cathedral on Friday night.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0003579-d10082cf2d74c5a6285356a5948639b7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014146 00000000000 014633  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As ’60s activist art enters museums, a new generation is creating an iconography of protest for today

“There have been the singing nun and the flying nun, but the hippest of all is Los Angeles’s painting nun,” noted Newsweek in its 1967 cover story on Sister Corita Kent, the artist, activist, and teacher, whose first career survey, as The Saratogian reports, opened at the Francis Young Tang Teaching Museum at Skidmore college this week.

COURTESY OF THE TANG MUSEUM AT SKIDMORE COLLEGE AND CORITA ART CENTER, LOS ANGELES.



Despite her edgy Pop sensibility, influential friends like Ben Shahn and Buckminster Fuller, and posthumous shows in various museums, along with a 2009 exhibition at Zach Feuer Gallery, Sister Corita never became a presence in the mainstream art world. No doubt this is partly because of her vocation (she was a Sister of the Immaculate Heart of Mary, which she joined in 1936 and left in 1968), and the fact that she was a printmaker, rather than a painter.

COURTESY OF THE TANG MUSEUM AT SKIDMORE COLLEGE AND CORITA ART CENTER, LOS ANGELES.

Deploying the earnestness of a believer, an avant-garde sense of typography, and a collagist’s wit, Sister Corita (1918-86) mashed together words and slogans from advertising, the Bible, philosophy, poetry, and lyrics, producing hundreds of confrontational, inspirational prints on themes of individual empowerment and social justice. (Later her 10 rules for Immaculate Heart College’s art department, which cite and are sometimes misattributed to John Cage, became an online classic.)

COURTESY OF ZACH FEUER GALLERY, NEW YORK AND THE CORITA ART CENTER



“Almost in some ways she was outsider even though was she trained and was insider in other ways,” says Tang director Ian Berry, who co-curated the exhibition with Michael Duncan. “I’m hoping this show can get her into the trajectory of art conversation.”



Power Authority

More activist art was in the news when the Brooklyn Museum announced its acquisition of 44 rare works from the Black Arts Movement of the mid-’60s to the mid-’70s, landing Elaine “Jae” Jarrell’s stunning patchwork Urban Wall Suit (1969) on the cover of the Times’s Weekend Arts section.

GIFT OF R.M. ATWATER, ANNA WOLFROM DOVE, ALICE FIEBIGER, JOSEPH FIEBIGER, BELLE CAMPBELL HARRISS, AND EMMA L. HYDE, BY EXCHANGE; DESIGNATED PURCHASE FUND, MARY SMITH DORWARD FUND, DICK S. RAMSAY FUND, AND CARLL H. DE SILVER FUND, 2012.80.21.

The Black Arts Movement, conceived as the cultural arm of the Black Power Movement, was started by Amiri Baraka. But its manifesto of sorts was written by Larry Neal, who in a 1968 essay in Drama Review, called for “a radical reordering of the western cultural aesthetic” with new “symbolism, mythology, critique, and iconology.”

To convey its message of self-determination and nationhood, the medium of choice for the Black Arts Movement was usually screenprint with a liberal dose of collage, appropriation, and futurism, as evident in works like Revolutionary, Wadsworth Jarrell’s -Day-Glo 1972 portrait of Angela Davis, and Jeff Donaldson’s 1969 rendering of rifle-toting Wives of Shango.

BROOKLYN MUSEUM, GIFT OF R.M. ATWATER, ANNA WOLFROM DOVE, ALICE FIEBIGER, JOSEPH FIEBIGER, BELLE CAMPBELL HARRISS, AND EMMA L. HYDE, BY EXCHANGE; DESIGNATED PURCHASE FUND, MARY SMITH DORWARD FUND, DICK S. RAMSAY FUND, AND CARLL H. DE SILVER FUND, 2012.80.41.

That these radically conceived works are entering art-museum galleries–some in the Brooklyn Museum’s American Identities galleries this spring, and others in its upcoming exhibition about the Civil Rights movement next year –shows that the canon of postwar American art has come a long way, kind of.

Fight of the Butterfly

As the activist art of a half-century ago, like the agitprop art before it, enters museum collections, a new generation is developing its own esthetic. Writing in Creative Time Reports, Robert Lovato describes some of the cultural interventions that artist/activists are staging to campaign for migrants’ rights—particularly those adapting the monarch butterfly, that great migrator, as the movement’s symbol.

COURTESY OF NO PAPERS NO FEAR

That butterfly floats through Migration is Beautiful, a video recently posted on rapper Pharrell Williams’ i am OTHER YouTube channel that’s been making the rounds of blogs. The three-part series follows artists, designers, and performers who have been using the arts to campaign for migrant justice in Arizona, at the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte, and in actions across the country. A prominent generator of new iconography has been No Papers No Fear, an advocacy group that put out a call for images to express the migrants’ struggle. Many of the artists who responded drew clearly on the precedent of ’60s activist art.

COURTESY NO PAPERS NO FEAR

Doing the Rights Thing

One artist who has managed to bring the art of activism into the academy is Cuba-born Tania Bruguera, recently announced as the winner a Meadows Prize residency awarded by the Meadows School of the Arts at Southern Methodist University.

Since she launched Immigrant Movement International as a project cosponsored by Creative Time and the Queens Museum in 2011, Bruguera has offered free classes, workshops, pro-bono legal advice, and other services, operating out of a storefront in Corona, Queens. This year, Bruguera plans to spend more time teaching immigrants art history—“not as an end, but as a means to something else,” she explains, using the imagery as a bridge to approach difficult subjects. Bruguera and her team have also been working to develop a visual arsenal for immigrants’ rights, including a ribbon whose blue and brown tones reflects their passage by land and sea.

COURTESY THE ARTIST AND IMMIGRANT MOVEMENT INTERNATIONAL.

More recently Immigrant Movement produced a rubber stamp to stamp currency with the notice that immigrants pay taxes, too. The image, and the idea behind it, are partly behind a performative event that the group will stage at “How Much Do I Owe You?”, an exhibition organized by No Longer Empty at the Clock Tower in Long Island City on Saturday, February 16, at 2 p.m.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003333-7e696a6c16125940b1bc21b6652e03b4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001676 00000000000 014655  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        LeBron James is the only human to our knowledge to escape Cleveland for South Beach and return back to Cleveland.

The Cleveland Cavaliers were still in first place in the East after a two-game losing streak before last night’s win against Milwaukee but the man sounded like a lost soul, oozing with regret when comparing his Miami teammates with the ones he has in Cleveland.

“I think being in Miami, the best thing about our team in Miami was that you could say whatever you wanted to say, when you wanted to say it right then and there and nobody took it personal. Maybe be mad that guy for a few days or whatever the case may be but it never affected what we did on the floor. We only had one common goal and that was to win. That’s all that mattered. So when you realize stuff like that, when you realize that it’s not about you, it’s never about you, it’s about the big picture.”

Sounds like LeBron James needs another Miami vacation…                                                                  0003611-2127cf9e670d3b0f2831d046886e8320.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000024102 00000000000 014577  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        By Federico Fuentes, Caracas

September 24, 2009 -- Faced with the growing impact of the global economic crisis, Washington’s intentions to establish seven military bases in Colombia and growing challenges in solving structural problems, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez reaffirmed the need to build a new state.

“We have inherited a capitalist state that serves the interests of the bourgeoisie and is still penetrated by interests contrary to the revolution. We need to carry out an internal shake up of the government structures”, Chavez said on September 19 during the second expanded council of ministers meeting, which also involved governors and mayors aligned with the Bolivarian revolution.

The meeting was called to discuss a series of new measures the revolutionary government plans to announce in coming weeks to confront some of the challenges it faces on the economic, political and social fronts. In all, 54 new measures have already been approved by his cabinet.

Global economic crisis

New figures released by the Central Bank of Venezuela (BCV) showed the national economy contracted by 1% in the first half of the year, including a 2.4% drop in the second quarter.

The pro-poor and pro-development economic measures taken during the past 10 years of the Chavez government have ensured that some of the impact of the global economic crisis has been lessened, particularly in comparison with other countries.

However, it is becoming clear that Venezuela is being negatively affected by the global downturn. This has also been felt in the decline in manufacturing industry (down 8.5%), among others, and the slight rise in unemployment, from 7.3% in March to 8% in August.

While pro-capitalist economists are claiming the economic crisis is coming to an end, Chavez said: “No one can say that we have already passed through the worst of the crisis of capitalism.”

He said worst could still lie ahead. Chavez said the insistence of the US government on imposing the same economic model “that generated the crisis” was making the situation worse.

Chavez pointed to the military coup in Honduras and the seven new US military bases planned in neighbouring Colombia. He said these represent “the great threat of the empire and its pretension to continue imposing on us a model which they insist on despite the misery it has caused”.

In Venezuela, the Washington-backed right-wing opposition continues to ramp up its propaganda campaign, using its control of the private media, against the government and Venezuelan people. In most cases, the propaganda is based on lies and distortions. However, in some cases it takes advantage of weaknesses in the revolution resulting — a result oif bureaucracy, corruption, internal power struggles and attempts to stifle popular participation that pervade the old state structures.

Chavez said an “emergency situation” existed in the health sector. He said 2000 local medical clinics that were part of Mission Barrio Adentro, the popular government-run program that provides free health care to the poor, were no longer functioning due to “neglect on the part of everyone”. He warned that “the [US] empire knows that elections will be held next year. They are seeking a majority in the National Assembly.

“They will try to weaken us. They will exploit to the maximum our inefficiencies. They are going into the barrios (poor neighbourhoods). They are trying to create movements to cohere support … we know they are capable of anything: buying votes, blackmail, trickery.”

Popular support for Chavez remains extremely high. However, there is growing evidence that, after 10 years of the revolution, tiredness and discontent with the lack of advances in critical areas could mean that support for Chavez does not translate into similar support for pro-Chavez candidates in parliamentary elections.

The opposition, which boycotted the 2005 National Assembly elections, will go into the poll with control of a number of key governorships and a vote that has risen in recent years, particularly in the larger cities. There are concerns they could win enough seats to sabotage the work of the assembly.

New state

In a July 25, 2009, National Assembly speech, Chavez raised the alarm about the failure of his government to act on decisive issues, such as health and crime, and the impact it was having on support for the revolution.

Some of the social missions created by the government — with the active participation of the people — to tackle problems in the areas of health, education and housing have begun to falter due to neglect and flagging participation.

The social missions emerged on the back of two important events. First, the April 2002 defeat of a US-backed military coup through a popular uprising that included important sections of the military. Second, the powerful mobilisation of the workers, communities and the armed forces that defeated a two-month bosses’ lockout (including shutting down the state-owned oil industry by its corrupt management) from December 2002 to January 2003.

Defeating the lockout meant the government won control over the state oil company, allowing it to use oil revenue to set up the social missions. By organising the masses to help run the missions, the government was able to bypass the decrepit and corrupt old state structures that had proven incapable of meeting the needs of the people.

However, several years down the track, these new emerging structures have begun to be “infected” by the “old state structures”, Chavez warned on August 25. “We cannot allow the new to be infected … its failure will mean the end of the revolution.” That is why “we have to finish off demolishing the old structures of the bourgeois state and create the new structures of the proletarian state”.

At the September 19 meeting, Chavez called on the government to revitalise the social missions — this time within a single system with a single fund to ensure the resources reach the missions. Chavez said right now, “there are many entities responsible [for different missions], something which is holding back the process”.

“The missions have to be instruments for the acceleration of the creation of the new state”, and therefore must not fall into the hands of “the old bureaucracy”.

In order to reinforce Mission Barrio Adentro, more than 1000 Cuban doctors and 213 Venezuelan doctors trained in Cuba, as well as 257 specialists in intensive therapy, endoscopy and other areas, will arrive in Venezuela in October. They will join the almost 30,000-strong team of Cuban doctors, specialists and health technicians already working in Venezuela.

Chavez emphasised on September 17 that these plans had to go hand-in-hand with the strengthening of popular power organisations. “The communal councils have to reactivate and commit themselves to this revitalisation ... because the role of the communes and communal councils are vital for consoliding its success.”

Communal councils and communes

At the cabinet meeting two days later, Chavez said that the communal councils, which group 200-400 families in urban areas and 20-50 in rural areas to solve the problems of local communities, “have to be a cell of a bigger body that is called the commune”. Chavez has constantly referred to the communes as the fundamental building blocs of a new, revolutionary state.

Chavez announced the transfer of almost US$57 million for more than 330 projects decided on by local communal councils and communes. As part of the government shake up, Chavez announced the creation of six new vice-presidencies. These positions would each work to improve the coordination of government policy and ministerial action in the areas of social and political issues, the financial and productive economy, territorial development, and defence.

A new Council of Revolutionary Ministries has also been formed, involving the six vice-presidents and a permanent secretary. It will involve an executive roundtable — the finance and planning ministers, the first vice president and Chavez — whose aim will be to speed government action by cutting through bureaucratic obstacles.

Chavez also requested a law be drafted and presented to the National Assembly to create a Federal Council of Government involving all ministers and governors.

“The opposition governors will be able to come”, he said. “As of now we invite the opposition. Instead of recruiting paramilitaries and enacting plans to destabilise the government, come to the Bolivarian Federal Council, where the people govern.”

Economic measures

Chavez indicated which direction the economic measures will be likely to head when he presented a number of them at the September 19 meeting. These include the creation of a new ministry and the Venezuelan Public Banking Corporation (BCV) to restructure and regulate the banking sector. With the completion of the government buy-out of the Bank of Venezuela, the state now directly controls around 16% of loans and 24% of deposits.

Eight public banks, which until now have functioned with autonomous boards of directors and no coordination between them, will come under new banking corporation. Chavez demanded stricter regulation of the private banking sector, and noted this sector “continues, almost in its entirely, to not comply fully with its role of financial intermediary”.

He called on governors to present productive projects for the creation of “mixed companies between the national state, the workers and the regional states in order to continue creating a new public sector based on social property”.

In line with this proposal, Chavez said the cabinet had decided to create, together with the BCV, a fund to finance and support all initiatives of the new companies of social property.

A special plan for employment has also been entrusted to the minister of infrastructure, housing and public works, and the minister of science, technology and medium industry.

The National Assembly has announced plans to approve a reform of the labour law by the end of October. Pro-worker changes to be discussed include the reducing the workday, job protection, workers’ councils and banning labour-hire practices.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0003533-f13b91be8ed7b41b58d6281590bcaf2b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001630 00000000000 015236  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        First - jocelynsamara.deviantart.com/a… Gallery - jocelynsamara.deviantart.com/g… Prev - jocelynsamara.deviantart.com/a… Next - jocelynsamara.deviantart.com/a… Ah~! Vincent said the name of the chapter! XDLove, trust, and respect are going to be pretty common themes throughout this chapter. I mean, they're significant to the story as a whole, but I want you to really be on the lookout here. We're going to be seeing a lot of examples and challenges to each of these before we're done. And have I mentioned that this chapter is insanely long? XDAlthough this week's pages were mostly just stage setting, there's a lot of interesting stuff here too. Like, how Fara and Vincent neither confirmed nor denied that they were together. Or how Aiken asked about the compatibility of cis and trans people at all.©2004-2016Rain, all characters and all other aspects of the story are copyright material belonging to me.                                                                                                        0003573-4d919b610df6ea2469879aff9193f30f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007054 00000000000 015063  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Federal judge says religious facility failed to prove civil rights violations, discrimination.

Buy Photo The Chofetz Chaim yeshiva and apartment complex in Wesley Hills. (Photo: Peter Carr/The Journal News)Buy Photo

A federal judge has again ruled that a yeshiva failed to prove that several villages in the town of Ramapo opposed a housing development based on anti-Hasidic sentiments.

Friday's decision involved a nearly decade-long legal action by Mosdos Chofetz Chaim against the villages of Pomona, Chestnut Ridge, Wesley Hills and Montebello.

The yeshiva accused the communities of incorporating as villages to curtail the expansion of Hasidic neighborhoods through restrictive zoning. It also claimed the villages hid behind environmental laws to oppose the town of Ramapo's adult student housing zone and singled out the yeshiva's housing and study center on Grandview Avenue, just outside the village of New Hempstead.

Chofetz Chaim sought $100 million in damages, attorneys for the villages said. The yeshiva and Ramapo have also battled those villages in state court since 2004, with accusations of zoning and fire violations at the development.

Rabbi Aryeh Zaks, his family and other Chofetz Chaim officials claimed the villages conspired to deprive the yeshiva of its civil, religious and equal protection clause rights under the U.S. Constitution, as well as the Fair Housing Act.

U.S. District Judge Kenneth Karas, in a 76-page decision, wrote that, while he was sympathetic to accusations of discrimination, there was a lack of evidence in the yeshiva's case.

He wrote that yeshiva officials "have offered nothing more than conclusory, unsubstantiated assertions in support" of civil rights violations and "threadbare allegations alone will not suffice to defeat" a request by the village's lawyers to dismiss the legal action.

Karas also cited a decades-long contentious relationship between the Hasidic community and other town residents.

"The allegations, while often supported only by inference, are grounded in the context of fifty plus years of distrust, hostility and even bigotry within the communities at issue here," Karas wrote. "Having lived and worked with residents and officials from the villages during these many years, plaintiffs firmly believe that they have been targeted because of their religious beliefs, even if they cannot point to discriminatory statements by defendants."

Pomona's attorney, Greg Saracino, said Karas' decision is rooted in the law and an appeal would prove futile.

"The $100 million case was designed to bankrupt the villages," Saracino said. "I'm glad it's history."

NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-426-6388. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters

The yeshiva's lawyer could not be reached for comment.

Karas had dismissed the yeshiva's initial legal action in 2010 but allowed the congregation to refile.

Chofetz Chaim bought 4.7 acres on Grandview Avenue in 1997, after the federal government declared the Nike military property surplus. A federal lawsuit settlement against New Hempstead for blocking development put the land back under Ramapo's jurisdiction.

Along with a study center, the yeshiva development contains 32 two-bedroom units and 28 four-bedroom units for students and their families.

Twitter: @lohudlegal

Read or Share this story: http://lohud.us/1CmkiGH                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0003636-a441d804ed79590e5f8297394d62c01a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001372 00000000000 014703  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Here is some news:

I occasionally get asked if there is a way to get my comic in print, and after I discontinued the Lulu volume there wasn't. However, if you missed out before, there is no need to worry, as Gunnerkrigg Court is being published as a 300 page hardback book by Archaia Studio press.

Here is a little announcement about it on Newsarama.

Gunnerkrigg Court: Orientation will contain the first 14 chapters up until the end of the meeting with Coyote, will be in full colour, and is scheduled to come out in May. What's more, despite this version being more than twice the length of the old book, and printed professionally, it should be about the same price ($25). That's a lot of comic for your buck right there.

I'll post more news as I have it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0003599-c3481cffc8cc7be2c3b0334e0da6745f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010324 00000000000 015327  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        (CNN) -- The toilet is broken -- and not because it won't flush.

This unsightly piece of technology, which everyone uses but no one seems to think much about, is in desperate need of an overhaul, according to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, which launched a challenge to "reinvent the toilet."

The foundation announced $41.5 million worth of grants on Tuesday aimed at getting someone to reengineer the flushing porcelain pot, which has been in use since the 1700s.

"No innovation in the past 200 years has done more to save lives and improve health than the sanitation revolution triggered by invention of the toilet," Sylvia Mathews Burwell, president of the foundation's global development program, said in a statement. "But it did not go far enough. It only reached one-third of the world. What we need are new approaches. New ideas. In short, we need to reinvent the toilet."

So what exactly is wrong with the current commode?

It's too expensive for people in the developing world; it requires water and a sewer-system hook-up, which aren't always available; and it does nothing to actually treat human waste, said Frank Rijsberman, the foundation's director of water sanitation and hygiene.

"We like the toilet. It was invented in 1775, saved millions of lives," he said. "At the same time, it didn't reach two-thirds of the world's population."

So it's high time for an update, he said.

About 2.5 billion people don't have access to toilets as we've currently imagined them, and this lack of toilet access encourages the spread of diarrheal diseases, which are blamed for the deaths of 1.5 million children each year, according to the World Health Organization.

"We want to look at waste as a resource and recycle it," Rijsberman said. "We think we can recycle the energy, the minerals and also the water. We want to reinvent the toilet that is cheap, that doesn't cost more than a few pennies, that poor people want to use and that will recycle minerals, energy and water."

The Gates Foundation has given out eight grants (here's the list as a PDF) to universities that are trying to dream up a toilet 2.0.

Here are a few of the most striking ideas from those grantees:

• M. Sohail, from Loughborough University in the UK, is making a toilet that will "recover water and salt from feces and urine."

• Georgios Stefanidis, from Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands, is working on a toilet that will generate electricity from waste, which will be "gasified into plasma" using microwaves. That gas can be used to generate electricity, according to the proposal.

• Yu-Ling Cheng, from the University of Toronto, is trying to make a toilet that will "sanitize feces within 24 hours" so human waste doesn't transmit disease through a community. Chen plans to use a process of dehydration, filtration and smoldering to render the waste harmless.

• Michael Hoffmann, from the California Institute of Technology, plans to develop a solar-powered toilet. Solar cells generate enough power to process waste and turn it into fuel for electricity.

The Gates Foundation warns that none of these efforts constitutes a "silver bullet" that would solve the world's sanitation problems and says new toilet designs must be pursued in tandem with better wastewater treatment and sanitation systems.

Some efforts to remake the toilet have gone down the tubes.

"There have been a lot of toilet projects out there and a lot of failures," Marla Smith-Nilson, executive director of Water 1st International, told The Seattle Times.

But the Gates Foundation remains hopeful that "radical innovation" can help.

The universities that received funding are expected to have working prototypes within a year, and the foundation expects some of the projects to be ready for rollout in three or four years, Rijsberman said.

Although these redesigned toilets are targeted at third-world countries, some of these ideas would be helpful in United States and Europe, too, Rijsberman said, especially in addressing water shortages.

"How much sense does it make to clean up water to drinking water standards and then flush it down with sewage in an expensive pipe system?" he said. "We think modern science and technology can produce something that is more like the cell phone of sanitation."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0003587-3c0ffe0c261cbfcca4d6bf0a06a49c25.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015542 00000000000 015452  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Earlier this year I posted about a controversy at Friends Central School in Philadelphia, where a Palestinian Quaker, Sa’ed Atshan, was invited to visit and speak, then abruptly disinvited & the two teachers who invited him, Ariel Eure and Layla Helwa, were suspended.

The previous posts are (here, here , here & here).

The news site philly.com reported on May 10 that the two teachers have now been terminated effective June 30. Along with that decision came an invitation from the school to Sa’ed Atshan to speak at Friends Central sometime in the future, on “his personal experiences and path to peace education.”

The report added that

[The suspended teachers] were offered severance pay of $5,500, but that is contingent on their dropping a federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission lawsuit, said Mark Schwartz, their lawyer. “This is a ridiculous offer,” he said. “I’d be surprised if they took it. Unlike the school, these two have some principles.” School representatives on Tuesday declined to give a reason for the terminations.

The school set up a task force to consider how to handle issues around invitations to speakers. This task force has recommended that a nearby university Dialogue Institute be “invited to work with students and teachers to promote ‘intrareligious, interreligious, and intercultural dialogue.’”

A couple thoughts: The great Yogi Berra once said, “Predictions are hard, especially about the future.” But I’ll go out on a limb here, and predict that while I have not met Sa’ed Atshan and am unfamiliar with his scholarly or activist work, that he’ll be slow to accept such an invitation, especially in the wake of the teacher firings.

Another thought: I wonder what Friends Central students are thinking about this whole matter?

And a third: I posted an open letter to FCS students, much of which still seems pertinent as a comment. So I’ve updated it a bit, and reposted it here. (They tell me repetition is good for learning.)

A Message to students at Friends Central School:

From Chuck Fager

In late January, I visited Friends Central School (FCS) and shared a story with you, about getting arrested in Selma, Alabama in 1965 and spending the night in jail with Dr. King.

I told you that for almost 50 years, that true story had a happy ending: from the black struggle in Selma came the Voting Rights Act, which had advanced freedom, elected presidents, and made America better.

But then starting a few years back, that happy ending was snatched away. In its place came massive vote suppression, and following that, continuing attacks on the other freedoms that democracy protects. So my story about a fight for freedom was not over after all.

At my age, I said, passing on these stories is my main contribution. It’s a passing of the torch. As for the real activism, as for the new leadership demanded by our times, — and these were my final words:

“It’s your turn.”



Now it looks as if your turn has come already.

I don’t know Sa’ed Atshan; but people I respect (like former FCS teacher Max Carter) say he’s well-informed & reasonable. Yet I gather some of his views are controversial.

I’m no expert on his views, or those issues. So maybe Atshad’s views are right, or maybe they’re mistaken; that’s not for me to say.

Instead, that’s for you to say, by hearing his views, and those of others, studying & debating them & making up your own minds.



That’s what we call education. In FCS fundraising materials, like for the “Vision2020,” it’s called “Educating for Excellence.”

We also call it freedom.



But somebody doesn’t seem to want you to exercise that freedom, or get that education.

So now the line is drawn: not only in Alabama, but right there in Wynnewood, on your campus. Not just for students, but for the two teachers who were suspended, and have now lost their jobs because of it.

So the question now becomes: are you ready to claim and defend your freedom, as part of your education?

Or will you let an unnamed few chop off this piece of it– this important piece?

The message being sent is clear: you may not hear these views here. That topic is verboten on this campus. Teachers who stood up for that have now paid the price: not just wth their jobs, but possibly wth their careers.

Just so you know, all this makes a mockery of the claims about educational “excellence.” And if you accept this, there are more pieces of freedom waiting to be chopped off, like limbs from a tree, and others ready to give similar orders.

But here’s something I learned in Selma, and not only from Dr. King:

You don’t have to comply.

An order not to hear, not to consider, not to think and debate or push back about matters of this importance –such an order may be technically legal, but it defies the higher law that we were all given minds to be used, freely and fully, for knowledge, and for seeking justice.

One of my Quaker heroes, Philadelphia’s own Lucretia Mott, put it as well as anyone: “Truth for Authority, not Authority for Truth.” For her this was a Quaker Testimony, a central one.



Dr. King put it another way:

But you don’t have to be silenced.

In 2017, it’s easy to imagine alternatives: check your social media, you’ll see that similar attacks, — and resistance to them — is rising all around you.

Spring has now come and almost gone. I read that Sa’ed Atshan has been invited to speak at FCS, sometime in the future, on a carefully limited topic. I wonder if that will really happen, under the present circumstances. i also wonder if FCS students are satisfied with this outcome. And if not, how you will respond?

But, some may say, what if we protest, and get in trouble? Look what happened to the teachers: will it cut our chances of getting into an elite college? Affect our career chances?

Who knows? Freedom, as they say in the army, isn’t free. The same often goes for achieving “excellence” in education: it’s not just book work; it can mean struggle. It takes organization, and it takes courage. In Selma it led Dr. King and me to jail; a few years later it led him to a bullet in Memphis.

But chill: chances are no one will be in mortal danger insisting on real educational excellence and freedom at FCS. If you haven’t noticed, it’s a pretty cushioned, advantaged place.



So I ask that you think about how to put these advantages to work, for your benefit now, and as training in “education for excellence” in the not-so advantaged world that awaits beyond the campus.

That’s a world in which just in the past few months since I visited FCS, the struggles for freedom have heated up on every side. Looks like they won’t leave you alone even now.

Which means, my parting words to you last month weren’t a prophecy, and not even a prediction, but simply an announcement, even more accurate now. Brothers & sisters:

“It’s your turn.”

Please share this post.                                                                                                                                                              0003654-04c4d1452b2b3eca5628fdd734249188.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014166 00000000000 014752  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Automating the Empire with the Death Star: getting Domain Admin with a push of a button

Ever since Empire and BloodHound, pentesting Active Directory has become pretty straight forward for 95% of the environments I get dropped in.

I find myself doing the same things over and over again, and when that happens it's time to automate! After all a 'fire and forget' script that automatically gets Domain Admin has always been the dream right?

Luckily for me a lot of other awesome people (see the Shout Outs section below) did all the hard stuff already. Additionally, Empire introduced a RESTful API a while ago making the creation of third-party scripts that interact with it a breeze.

Before I continue, I'll take this opportunity for a rant: getting Domain Admin should NOT be the sole scope of your pentest and if it is you are doing it wrong. You should be focusing on post-exploitation, trying to find sensitive PII, documents etc.. anything that can clearly demonstrate to 'management' how much it could have impacted the organization if it were a real world compromise. However, having Domain Admin access does make life easier, provides additional value to the client and tends to make an impression on the Blue Team.

Project goals and implementation

Originally, I wanted something that could just take BloodHounds output, parse it, feed it to Empire and make it follow the 'chain'. However, BloodHound does not take into account (at least to my knowledge) paths that could be achieved using domain privilege escalations such as GPP Passwords in SYSVOL (I personally find that one an almost every engagement).

So I wanted a more 'active' version of BloodHound with 'worm like' behavior. Additionally, Empire has most of the core functionality of BloodHound covered between all of it's modules and anything that BloodHound does functionality wise that Empire currently does not have a module for could be fairly easily implemented with one (e.g. the ACL attack path update, which is insanely awesome by the way)

I decided to just stick with Empire and automate everything using it's RESTful API. This would also give me the freedom to parse a module's output as I see fit and have more control over the overall logic and user feedback.

What's it doing under the hood?

The following flow graph details pretty well (I think) what DeathStar does better than I could ever explain in a blog post.

If you've pentested Active Directory recently, you should be familiar with pretty much everything in that graph. If not, feel free to hit me up and I'll be glad to answer any questions.

Setting Up

Currently, for Death Star to work you're going to have to install my fork of Empire until this pull request gets merged and the changes get pushed to master. The fork contains some API and back-end database fixes for scripts that interact with the RESTful API.

Edit 08/28/2017 - Empire 2.1 was released, changes were merged so you can now use the main Empire repo with DeathStar :)

Clone Empire, install it, then run the following:

python empire --rest --username username --password password

That will start Empire's console and RESTful API server.

To get DeathStar up and running:

git clone https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/DeathStar # Death Star is written in Python 3 pip3 install -r requirements.txt # Supply the username and password you started Empire's RESTful API with ./DeathStar.py -u username -p password

If all goes well Death Star will create a http listener and you should see a 'Polling for Agents' status: this means you're authenticated to Empire's RESTful API and DeathStar is waiting for that first Agent.

All you need now is an Agent on a domain joined machine, how you do that is beyond the scope of this blog post. I'd recommend using CrackMapExec but I'm biased.

What does it look like in action?

Once you get that first Agent, DeathStar will take over and the magic will start.

Here are a couple of videos of DeathStar obtaining Domain Admin in two different scenarios.

In the first video, it elevates Domain privileges using the GPP Passwords in SYSVOL vulnerability, spreads laterally to the machines the GPO is applied to using the decrypted credentials and eventually lands on a machine with a Domain Admin logged in. It then enumerates running processes and PSInject's into a process (explorer.exe by default) running under the Domain Admin account giving us an Agent running under that security context:

In the second video, it actually obtains the Domain Admin's credentials using Mimikatz and abusing local admin relationships:

One thing that I'd like to point out: although these two videos take advantage of credentials in one way or another it is possible for DeathStar to obtain Domain Admin rights simply by using a combination of local admin relationships and PSInject without ever using a set of credentials.

Stuff that I'd like to see added

There is so much more that could be done with DeathStar: more domain privilege escalation techniques could be added, more lateral movement methods, the logic could be fine tuned a bit more, we could do some post-exploitation and SPN shenanigans etc.. The current release is definitely a rough first draft.

The game changer would be SMB Named Pipe pivoting. Once that's in Empire this will truly 'walk and talk' like a worm.

Conclusion

DeathStar demonstrates that automating obtaining Domain Admin rights in an Active Directory environment is a clear possibility using existing open-source toolsets. I expect to see many more tools that do something like this in the near future (I personally know two people who are working on their own versions/implementations which is awesome, and I encourage more people to do so)

One final point I'd like everyone to reflect on: I put this together in 3-4 days. Imagine what a bunch of much more smarter people than me could do/have already done with more time and resources (cough cough nation states cough cough). That's something that I think is particularly interesting.

Shout outs

None of this could be possible without the amazing research and hard work of these people (you seriously should be following them everywhere), and I'd like to personally thank them for their constant support and encouragement :)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003435-40070266dbc9bfad27ef6bbc5df8eee7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004746 00000000000 015502  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Ben Goldacre is a very angry man, with good reason. In this book he lays out how the pharmaceutical industry has distorted drug research in pursuit of profit, sometimes intentionally, sometimes entirely without malice but with equally devastating effects for patient welfare. This matters because patients are prescribed less effective drugs, or drugs which are outright harmful, at huge financial expense to those paying for the drugs. This isn’t a conspiracy theory book; Goldacre is quite clear that many valuable drugs have come out of the industry, and that most of the people who work in it want to make better drugs. He sets out in detail how and why bias is introduced into both research and prescribing practices, putting it in layman’s terms but linking to the research papers and court documents that back up what he’s saying. He also addresses the failings of the current regulatory system, and proposes ways to improve things — pointing out that unless real controls with serious financial penalties are put in place, even those companies which genuinely want to reform will be under commercial pressure to continue with bad practice in a race to the bottom.



It’s a dense and at times exhausting read. But Goldacre has done a decent job of making the issue accessible to a wide audience with a direct interest, from patients to practising doctors and academics. You can skim a lot of the book to get the general gist, or you can read it in details without following the links, or you can dig into research material he drew on and has laid out in meticulous footnotes and citations. He concludes the original edition with practical suggestions about what individual people can do to improve things, often simply by asking questions.



I read the second edition, which has a “what happened next” chapter about the reaction to the first edition. As he had predicted, there was a backlash in an attempt to discredit him — but there was also a lot of covert feedback from industry personnel acknowledging the problems and considering how to improve things. While there’s always a “the lurkers support me in email” issue with uncredited sources, he does also offer some examples of companies which have publicly moved to improve transparency.



Bad Pharma is an angry but rational examination of a real problem that affects millions of people, including almost anyone reading this review. It’s a worthwhile read, even if it makes for uncomfortable reading for patients, doctors and companies alike.                          0003304-3947f21ce07fbed54c77b3055c0bfa49.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007165 00000000000 015167  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        End of an era for awkward and embarrassing family photos as company behind portrait studios at Sears and Wal-Mart goes out of business



Portrait studios at Sears and Wal-Mart stores - the scenes of many family photos - have unexpectedly closed after operator CPI Corp. announced that it had gone out of business.



More than 2,000 outlets have shut, leaving some laid-off workers scrambling - without pay - to make good on existing customers' orders.



St. Louis-based CPI Corp., called Thursday's announcement 'sad' in a two-paragraph statement on its website and insisted that it was trying to fulfill as many orders as possible. Customers with questions were urged to contact their local store.

Have you got any family photos taken at a portrait studio at Sears or Wal-Mart that you'd like to share? Email your pictures to mailonlinepictures@dailymail.co.uk

Portrait studios at Sears and Wal-Mart have unexpectedly closed after their operator CPI Corp. went out of business

Happy Easter: This family celebrated the holidays one year with this photo of them all in Sears-branded shirts

CPI's website as of Friday was purged of everything but the statement. It was not immediately clear how many employees were affected.

As the popularity of digital photography cut into its sales, CPI revealed last month in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing it had received a fourth forbearance agreement from its lenders and that it had until Saturday to meet its loan obligations.



CPI said in mid-March that it owed $98.5 million, including unpaid principal of $76.1 million.

CPI had warned in earlier SEC filings that failing to buy more time from lenders could force it to liquidate, and the company last year hired an investment bank to explore a possible sell-off.



Last month, CPI's chief marketing officer and executive vice president resigned after a 7-year tenure.

Sears Holding Corp. said in an emailed statement Friday that it was working with CPI 'to ensure that it fulfills its outstanding orders and provides ordered pictures to our members and customers.'



CPI managed and operated Sears Portrait Studios as a licensed business, Sears said.

This photo of two sisters was taken in the early 90s at a Sears Portrait Studio

The popularity of digital photography has been blamed for the portrait studios going out of business

'We are currently exploring all options to potentially provide these services to our members and customers as soon as possible,' Sears said, expressing regret about any inconvenience.



But some suddenly displaced CPI employees, believing the company could wrongly foist the responsibility of filling outstanding customers' orders onto Wal-Mart and Sears, were hustling Friday trying to make good with the clients while absorbing the shock of losing their jobs and related benefits, including insurance coverage.



'There's almost no word to describe this. It's devastating,' said Jennifer McDowell, a three-year CPI employee who until Thursday managed a four-employee studio in a Wal-Mart in St. Charles, a St. Louis suburb.



More than 2,000 portrait outlets have shut, leaving some laid-off workers scrambling - without pay - to make good on existing customers' orders

'We gave so much for this company and worked so hard.'

McDowell, 34, hastily burned as many undelivered portrait packages as she could onto compact discs on Thursday. By Friday, she tried to spread the word to those customers that she'd be at a nearby pet store's parking lot Saturday with those CDs.



'There's a chance (CPI) was not going to make good on their promises to customers, and if they don't they make us look like liars,' McDowell, of Alton, Ill., said.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0003649-5cf16259d7b1551b5797aa343c3a8944.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002320 00000000000 014675  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Republican Leadership Conference has announced their speakers for this weekend's conference in New Orleans, LA and the list includes reality television star Phil Robertson and Donald Trump.

Phil Robertson, patriarch of the Robertson family and star of the series “Duck Dynasty,” will address the 2014 Republican Leadership Conference, Thursday May 29th at 6pm. Also speaking on Thursday evening are RNC Chairman Reince Priebus, Gov. Bobby Jindal, Sen. Ron Johnson and Ben Sasse.

Other Speakers at the 2014 Republican Leadership Conference include Governor Rick Perry, Governor Phil Bryant, US Senators Ted Cruz, Mike Lee, & David Vitter; Donald Trump, Newt Gingrich, Herman Cain, Rick Santorum, Michele Bachmann and Allen West! The Republican Leadership Conference in New Orleans has become one of the premier political events in the country.

Robertson was a target of gay rights activists in December 2013 after comments regarding homosexual behavior were published in an interview with GQ magazine. At the time, A & E, the network his show Duck Dynasty appears on, suspended him. After an intense and vocal response from the show's loyal fans, and an overwhelming petition drive here at Truth Revolt, he was reinstated.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0003633-a77b1e42a5161cf48b175ff25743a27d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014607 00000000000 015027  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Before I left for China a few weeks ago, I said my next post would be on our Rth parallel R package. It’s not quite ready yet, so today I’ll post one of the topics I spoke on last night at the Berkeley R Language Beginners Study Group. Thanks to the group for inviting me, and thanks to Allan Miller for suggesting I address this topic.

A couple of years ago, the Julia language was announced, and by releasing some rather unfair timing comparisons, the Julia group offended some in the R community. Later, some in the Python world decided that the right tool for data science ought to be Python (supplemented by NumPy etc.). Claims started appearing on the Web that R’s king-of-the-hill status in data science would soon evaporate, with R being replaced by one of these other languages, if not something else.

I chose the lighthearted title of this post as a hint that I am not doctrinaire on this topic. R is great, but if something else comes along that’s better, I’ll welcome it. But the fact is that I don’t see that happening, as I will explain in this post.

Actually, I’m a big fan of Python. I’ve been using it (and teaching with it) for years. It’s exceptionally clean and elegant, so much nicer than Perl. And for those who feel that object-orientation is a necessity (I’m not such a person), Python’s OOP structures are again clean and elegant. I’ve got a series of tutorials on the language, if you are seeking a quick, painless introduction.

I know less about Julia, but what I’ve seen looks impressive, and the fact that prominent statistician and R expert Doug Bates has embraced it should carry significant weight with anyone.

Nevertheless, I don’t believe that Python or Julia will become “the new R” anytime soon, or ever. Here’s why:

First, R is written by statisticians, for statisticians.

It matters. An Argentinian chef, say, who wants to make Japanese sushi may get all the ingredients right, but likely it just won’t work out quite the same. Similarly, a Pythonista could certainly cook up some code for some statistical procedure by reading a statistics book, but it wouldn’t be quite same. It would likely be missing some things of interest to the practicing statistician. And R is Statistically Correct.

For the same reason, I don’t see Python or Julia building up a huge code repository comparable to CRAN. Not only does R have a gigantic head start, but also there is the point that statistics simply is not Python’s or Julia’s central mission; the incentives to get that big in data science just aren’t there, I believe.

(This is not to say that CRAN doesn’t need improvement. It needs much better indexing, and maybe even a Yelp-style consumer review facility.)

Now, what about the speed issue? As mentioned, the speed comparisons with R (and with other languages) offered by the Julia people were widely regarded as unfair, as they did not take advantage of R’s speedy vectorization features. Let’s take a look at another example that has been presented in the R-vs.-Julia debate.

Last year I attended a talk in our Bay Area R Users Group, given by a highly insightful husband/wife team. Their main example was simulation of random walk.

In their trial run, Julia was much faster than R. But I objected, because random walk is a sum. Thus one can generate the entire process in R as vector calls, one to generate the steps and then a call to cumsum(), e.g.

> rw <- function(nsteps) { + steps <- sample(c(-1,1),nsteps, + replace=TRUE) + cumsum(steps) + } > rw(100) [1] 1 2 3 2 3 2 1 0 1 0 -1 -2 -1 0 1 0 -1 0 -1 -2 -3 -2 -1 0 1 [26] 0 1 2 1 2 3 2 1 2 3 2 1 2 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 2 3 4 5 4 [51] 3 2 1 0 -1 -2 -1 0 -1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 -1 0 1 0 -1 -2 -3 -4 -3 [76] -4 -3 -4 -3 -2 -3 -2 -3 -2 -3 -4 -3 -4 -3 -2 -1 0 -1 0 -1 -2 -1 -2 -1 -2

So for example, in the simulation, at the 76th step we were at position -4.

This vectorized R code turned out to be much faster than the Julia code–more than 1000 times faster, in fact, in the case of simulation 1000000 steps. For 100000000 steps, Julia actually is much faster than R, but the point is that the claims made about Julia’s speed advantage are really overblown.

For most people, I believe the biggest speed issue is for large data manipulation rather than computation. But recent R packages such as data.table and dplyr take care of that quite efficiently. And for serial computation, Rcpp and its related packages ease C/C++ integration.

Note my qualifier “serial” in that last sentence. For real speed, parallel computation is essential. And I would argue that here R dominates Python and Julia, at least at present.

Python supports threading, the basis of multicore computation. But its type of threading is not actually parallel; only one thread/core can be active at a time. This has been the subject of huge controversy over the years, so Guido Van Rossum, inventor of the language, added a multiprocessing module. But it’s rather clunky to use, and my experience with it has not been good. My impression of Julia’s parallel computation facilities so far, admittedly limited, is similar.

R, by contrast, features a rich variety of packages available for parallel computing. (Again, I’ll discuss Rth in my next post.) True, there is also some of that for Python, e.g. interfaces of Python to MPI. But I believe it is fair to say that for parallel computing, R beats Python and Julia.

Finally, in our Bay Area R meeting last week, one speaker made the audacious statement, “R is not a full programming language.” Says who?! As I mentioned earlier, I’m a longtime Python fan, but these days I even do all my non-stat coding in R, for apps that I would have used Python for in the past. For example, over the years I had developed a number of Python scripts to automate the administration of the classes I teach. But last year, when I wanted to make some modifications to them, I decided to rewrite them in R from scratch, so as to make future modifications easier for me.

Every language has its stellar points. I’m told, for example, that for those who do a lot of text processing, Python’s regular expression facilities are more extensive than R’s. The use of one of the R-Python bridge packages may be useful here, and indeed interlanguage connections may be come more common as time goes on. But in my view, it’s very unlikely that Python or Julia will become more popular than R among data scientists.

So, take THAT, Python and Julia! 🙂

Advertisements                                                                                                                         0003613-12f9a8b76c6ac081c171abb5ed5b8ffa.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001727 00000000000 015401  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Abstract In 2005, as the result of a World Trade Organization mandate, India implemented a patent reform for pharmaceuticals that was intended to comply with the 1995 Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS). Exploiting variation in the timing of patent decisions, we estimate that a molecule receiving a patent experienced an average price increase of just 3-6 percent, with larger increases for more recently developed molecules and for those produced by just one firm when the patent system began. Our results also show little impact on quantities sold or on the number of pharmaceutical firms operating in the market. (JEL K33, L11, L13, L65, O14, O34, O38)

Citation Duggan, Mark, Craig Garthwaite, and Aparajita Goyal. 2016. "The Market Impacts of Pharmaceutical Product Patents in Developing Countries: Evidence from India." American Economic Review , 106 (1): 99-135 . DOI: 10.1257/aer.20141301 Choose Format: BibTeX EndNote Refer/BibIX RIS Tab-Delimited                                         0003635-1083c4a46b40ce277d2ca186b4feee62.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003571 00000000000 015161  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Government has rejected a proposed financial offer by David Bain's legal team to settle his compensation claim for wrongful imprisonment.



Mr Bain was found not guilty at a retrial last year of the 1994 murder of his parents and three siblings in Dunedin after spending 13 years in prison.



Mr Bain is seeking legal aid to fight his compensation claim and his lawyer Michael Reed QC said that if they offer had been accepted it could have save the taxpayer up to $10 million, The New Zealand Herald reported today.



"We have offered a short cut, but that has been rejected," Mr Reed said.



"The short cut is that we talk to the Government about a negotiated settlement, because we are concerned that the cost of proving David's innocence - which we are quite confident we can do - is going to be much greater than the amount of any compensation we would be claiming."



Mr Reed said that Justice Minister Simon Power had informed the Bain camp that it had to prove "on the balance of probabilities" Mr Bain was innocent.



"This is going to involve a huge case, which in our estimation may end up costing everyone about $10 million, with an overseas judge to be appointed," Mr Reed said.



He would not discuss how much compensation would be sought, but it is expected to be more than $1 million.



The compensation bid would involve "presumably, recalling about a couple of hundred witnesses and experts from all around the world", Mr Reed said.



"Which seems not an economic thing to do, bearing in mind the state of the economy generally.



"In the public interest, I would have thought it would be better to negotiate with David, to give him some money and to allow him to get on with his life. As it is, he's in limbo."



Mr Bain's lawyers also plan to pursue an inheritance from Mr Bain's parents which went to other family members when Mr Bain was convicted of the five murders in 1995.                                                                                                                                       0003650-195dadfc5862598f6993737ce5853bd5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002613 00000000000 015010  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        More scary stuff from the US Treasury which has resumed living auction to auction, even as it has plundered over $80 billion in G and CSRD retirement fund money to provide cap under the debt ceiling, a number which will eventually rise to $270 billion by August 2nd at which time all bets are off unless the politicos in DC finally relent with their soap opera and allow the inevitable $2 trillion debt ceiling hike (which probably won't happen. Instead Congress will start voting on incremental $200 billion debt ceiling hikes month to month in order to keep the public glued to their TV in a demonstration of just how fiscally prudent Congress is). In the meantime, here's the math: in the first 8 days of the month of June, the Treasury has seen its cash balance decline from $112.6 billion to $23.5 billion: a solid burn rate of $90 billion in just over a week. But lest readers think that this is due to paying down debt, it isn't: total US debt was flat (at the ceiling), while intragovernmental holdings declined by $20 billion to accomodate another $20 billion in marketable debt (see the plunder of retirement accounts discussed above). So how does one reconcile this data? Simple - in June the Treasury has collected $44 billion in withheld individual income taxes (and a whopping $400 million in corporate tax), while spending double that, or $89 billion. Fiscal prudence? Rhetorical.

June Cash:

June Debt:                                                                                                                     0003550-f94dadc679200f559cbd8a2892f3cd96.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001604 00000000000 015206  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Another Perfect Media Center Companion

There is more...

This is the first affordable Raspberry Pi case made out of aluminum. We wanted to ensure we didn’t sacrifice form over function, so we used the aluminum housing of the case to provide a built in heat sink. Supplied with the case is a thermal pad and 4 screws for the simplest Raspberry Pi case assembly on the market. It only takes seconds to drop your Raspberry Pi into it’s amazing new home and show it off on your counter top.

We included rubber feet to raise the enclosure so it just hovers underneath your television. In addition to the built in heat sink, small ventilation slots on the bottom help keep the Raspberry Pi cool. GPIO pins are accessible through the slot on the bottom of the case and there is no need for disassembly to get to the SD card. We know you will love the attention to detail we put in throughout the case.                                                                                                                            0003610-eb81a5997e50af629ce29735bed2d3f3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017230 00000000000 015177  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Undercutting calls for Republican unity, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz stubbornly withheld his endorsement from Donald Trump as he addressed the GOP convention Wednesday night, instead encouraging Americans to "vote your conscience" in November.

Delegates on the floor implored Cruz to back the nominee, chanting Trump's name, then erupting in a chorus of boos when he ignored their pleas.

"Vote for candidates up and down the ticket who you trust to defend our freedom and to be faithful to the Constitution," Cruz said. While he backed some of Trump's policy proposals, including building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, he mentioned the GOP nominee by name only once.

Story continues below advertisement

Cruz's decision to accept a speaking role at the convention but not explicitly endorse Trump was remarkable, and underscored the deep divisions still coursing through the GOP. While Trump has energized many Republican voters, others remain deeply skeptical of his unorthodox candidacy and divisive policy proposals.

The Republican convention: What you missed on Wednesday

Boos filled the convention hall in Cleveland as Cruz finished his prime-time speech. Cruz finished second to Trump in the delegate count and the two were bitter rivals during the primary campaign.

Cruz's wife was escorted off the floor as delegates booed.

Republican Ken Cuccinelli, the former attorney general of Virginia and a supporter of Cruz, told Reuters he escorted Heidi Cruz off the convention floor for her own safety.

The gulf between Trump running mate Indiana Gov. Mike Pence's hearty embrace of Trump and Cruz's refusal to do so is emblematic of the turmoil still roiling the GOP.

The low-key Pence, who describes himself as a Christian, a conservative and a Republican "in that order" later today the crowd he never thought he'd be standing on the stage at his party's national convention.

Story continues below advertisement

Story continues below advertisement

He joked that Trump is so charismatic that he must have been looking for balance in choosing him.

Then he turned serious by framing the November presidential race as crucial to defining the makeup of the Supreme Court for the next 40 years.

The GOP vice-presidential nominee said voters must ensure that it's Trump picking the next high court justices to protect the Second Amendment, which covers the right to bear arms, "the sanctity of life" and other liberties.

Trump did get a boost from Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, one of the 16 Republicans whose White House dreams were vanquished during the primary. Still, Walker suggested he was driven as much by a desire to keep Democrat Hillary Clinton out of the White House as admiration for his party's nominee.

"Let me be clear: a vote for anyone other than Donald Trump in November is a vote for Hillary Clinton," Walker said.

Later, Republican stalwart Newt Gingrich said people should be terrified at the prospect of Clinton as president.

Story continues below advertisement

The former House speaker says Clinton won't tell the American people the truth about the danger posed by Islamic extremists and that the price Americans would pay for electing Clinton would be what he calls the "loss of America as we know it."

Gingrich, a Donald Trump ally, argued that Islamic extremists are stronger than the Obama administration admits.

Trump's campaign hoped that by the convention's end, voters would look past the gathering's rough start, including the plagiarism charge involving Melania Trump's opening address. After 36 hours of denials, the campaign moved to put the matter to rest Wednesday, releasing a statement from a speechwriter who took blame for including lines from a Michelle Obama speech in the remarks.

Trump, who will address the convention Thursday night, cheered on the night's proceedings via Twitter. After Walker's remarks, Trump wrote, "Great speech!"

A day after Trump formally became the presidential nominee, some delegates at state gatherings around Cleveland where the four-day GOP convention is being held were still struggling to come to terms with their unorthodox new standard-bearer.

Iowa delegate Cecil Stinemetz called Trump "the worst nominee that we have put forward for the Republican Party in the history of the Republican Party" and said he didn't plan to return to the convention floor the rest of the week.

Story continues below advertisement

Republican worries about Trump's preparedness for a general election battle with Democrat Hillary Clinton have only been reinforced during the convention. The campaign struggled to respond to plagiarism charges involving Melania Trump's Monday night address, finally releasing a statement Wednesday from a speechwriter who took blame for including lines from a Michelle Obama speech in the remarks.

Campaign officials see Pence's address Wednesday as an important opportunity to reassure the doubters. In a show of unity, he'll be introduced by House Speaker Paul Ryan, a lukewarm Trump supporter, and lay out his reasons for partnering with the celebrity businessman who is in many ways his opposite.

While Pence is expected to make the case that Democrat Hillary Clinton is unfit for the White House, officials said his speech will not be a full-throated takedown in the style of earlier speakers.

Cruz was harshly critical of Trump in the waning weeks of their primary battle, calling the businessman a "pathological liar" and "utterly amoral." He arrived in Cleveland with an eye on his own political future, holding a rally with hundreds of supporters who greeted him with chants of "2020" — suggesting Cruz's backers have no interest in seeing Trump become a two-term president.

Cruz was expected to continue sidestepping a formal endorsement of Trump during his convention remarks. Top Trump aide Paul Manafort said the senator would at least "suggest" he is backing the nominee, while other Republicans said Cruz would argue the importance of keeping Clinton out of the White House.

That message is sure to be well-received in the convention hall, where Clinton has been under constant attack. Speakers have painted an apocalyptic vision of America if she wins and have aggressively challenged her character. While Clinton has been a target of GOP ire for decades, the harshness of the attacks was still striking.

Story continues below advertisement

Former GOP presidential candidate Ben Carson connected Clinton with Lucifer. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie implored delegates to shout "Guilty!" in response to various accusations of wrongdoing. And for a third straight night, the crowd filling the convention hall Wednesday chanted, "Lock her up."

For at least some delegates, the negativity crossed a line.

"Certainly races can be won based on focusing on the opponent," said Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee. "But I think we're at a place in our country's evolution where it's particularly important now, with all that's happened and the concerns that people have, for a positive vision to be laid out."

Trump has shown little concern for maintaining any modicum of political decorum. Yet Pence, the Indiana governor and Trump's new political partner, has spoken out against negative campaigning and was put on the Republican ticket in part to provide a temperamental contrast.

The Trump-Pence ticket was off to an awkward start, with some Republicans whispering that the businessman was gripped by last-minute doubts about his pick.

The campaign hoped for better imagery Wednesday. Pence and his family, along with Trump's adult children, greeted the billionaire as his helicopter landed by Cleveland's picturesque lakefront.

Story continues below advertisement

"What begins in Cleveland will end in the White House, I'm convinced," Pence declared as they greeted a small group of supporters.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0003571-964434094910b72ca5d9cac0d5be7e1b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004475 00000000000 015110  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The team is proud to announce the release of LMDE 201403 RC.

Screenshots

LMDE 201403 Cinnamon Edition



LMDE 201403 MATE Edition

Highlights

Update Pack 8

Cinnamon 2.0

MATE 1.6

Latest Mint tools and improvements

Support for EFI and GPT

If you’re new to LMDE, welcome to Linux Mint Debian!

Important links

LMDE in brief

Linux Mint Debian Edition (LMDE) is a semi-rolling distribution based on Debian Testing.

It’s available in both 32 and 64-bit as a live DVD with Cinnamon or MATE.

The purpose of LMDE is to look identical to the main edition and to provide the same functionality while using Debian as a base.

FAQ

1. Is LMDE compatible with Ubuntu-based Linux Mint editions?

No, it is not. LMDE is compatible with Debian, which isn’t compatible with Ubuntu.

2. Is LMDE fully compatible with Debian?

Yes, 100%. LMDE is compatible with repositories designed for Debian Testing.

3. What is a semi-rolling distribution?

Updates are constantly fed to Debian Testing, where users experience frequent regressions but also frequent bug fixes and improvements. LMDE receives “Update Packs” which are tested snapshots of Debian Testing. Users can experience a more stable system thanks to update packs, or switch their sources to follow Testing, or even Unstable, directly to get more frequent updates.

4. How does LMDE compare to the Ubuntu-based editions?

Pros:

You don’t need to ever re-install the system. New versions of software and updates are continuously brought to you.

It’s faster and more responsive than Ubuntu-based editions.

Cons:

LMDE requires a deeper knowledge and experience with Linux, dpkg and APT.

Debian is a less user-friendly/desktop-ready base than Ubuntu. Expect some rough edges.

Additional notes:

About bugs: Please use this blog to report bugs.

Please use this blog to report bugs. Dedicated chat room: #linuxmint-debian is open to LMDE users on irc.spotchat.org.

Download links:

Torrents:

MD5 sums:

Cinnamon 32-bit: b5d2e82911c68865eff94e5a1b7fd7f2

Cinnamon 64-bit: 642110dbc8f111940f68cab739c07792

MATE 32-bit: 1641734a5ecc9a1ed81a53fe80ab4743

MATE 64-bit: 50a536ef81be0c2027d2ae64c4d2583c

Cinnamon 32-bit:

Cinnamon 64-bit:

MATE 32-bit:

MATE 64-bit:

Enjoy!

We look forward to receiving your feedback. Thank you for using Linux Mint and have a lot of fun testing the release candidate!                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003537-bf42eb646817fafdfdb930da865c8305.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003601 00000000000 015255  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The statistics showed that doctors, nurses, porters and administrative workers suffered physical and verbal abuse from patients.

Accident and Emergency staff have been the victim of 774 attacks over the last two years, according to new figures.

The statistics showed that doctors, nurses, porters and administrative workers suffered physical and verbal abuse from patients.

In one case a person being treated at Perth Royal Infirmary attempted to bite a staff member.

Reports from other hospitals revealed "worrying" incidents of homophobic and racial abuse, the Liberal Democrats said.

Lib Dem health spokesman Jim Hume said: "Our figures show that a total of 774 attacks on A&E staff took place across Scotland over 2012 and 2013. That's equivalent to an attack a day on NHS staff.

"NHS staff at A&E units have a tough enough time trying to save the lives of patients in often traumatic conditions. It is shameful that A&E staff are having to fend off violent and verbal attacks whilst trying to do their job.

"Time is precious in A&E units and every minute which is spent dealing with abuse and calling in the police could be better spent at the bedside of patients.

"Most people in Scotland hold a deep respect for our A&E staff and the inspirational work they do. The minority of people who attack our A&E staff should recognise that this will not be tolerated."

A Scottish Government spokesman said: "Attacks against NHS staff are despicable and the perpetrators should be dealt with in the strongest possible terms. There is no question that staff should feel safe in their jobs and no-one should be the victim of abuse or violence while at work.

"We are working hard to continue to bring down the rate of attacks against staff and more people than ever before are being convicted under the Emergency Workers (Scotland) Act 2005 with the penalty of up to 12 months imprisonment, a £10,000 fine or both."                                                                                                                               0003539-bd08a74b4c73830d5c7c7451d4b95258.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003400 00000000000 014751  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Does he cede power to the anti-establishment wing of his party? Or does he seek other pathways to successful governing by throwing away the partisan playbook and courting a coalition with the Democrats, whom he has improbably blamed for his party’s shortcomings?

“It’s really a problem in our own party, and that’s something he’ll need to deal with moving forward,” said Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma, an ally of the center-right Tuesday Group, which stuck with Mr. Trump in the health care fight and earned the president’s praise in the hours after the bill’s defeat.

“I think he did a lot — he met with dozens and dozens of members and made a lot of accommodations — but in the end, there’s a group of people in this party who just won’t say yes,” Mr. Cole said. “At some point, I think that means looking beyond our conference. The president is a deal maker, and Ronald Reagan cut some of his most important deals with Democrats.”

Mr. Trump is not there yet. Before becoming a presidential candidate, he seemed to have little fixed ideology. But as president, he has operated from the standard-issue Republican playbook, embracing many of the positions of Speaker Paul D. Ryan and the party establishment. While he is angry and thirsty for revenge, he seems determined to swallow the loss in hopes of marshaling enough Republican support to pass spending bills, an as-yet unformed tax overhaul and a $1 trillion infrastructure package — legislation that could attract considerable Democratic support but has the potential to split the party.

On Friday evening, a somewhat shellshocked president retreated to the White House residence to grieve and assign blame. In a search for scapegoats, he asked his advisers repeatedly: Whose fault was this?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0003590-ffe8ebd7f72998d9aaabf38167593ece.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010425 00000000000 015450  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission moved decisively into the Aequitas Capital Management scandal Thursday, suing the Lake Oswego company and three top executives for allegedly running a $350 million Ponzi scheme.

The SEC claims Aequitas defrauded more than 1,500 investors into believing they were making health care, education and transportation-related investments, when their money was really being used in a last-ditch effort to save the firm.

The commission has asked the court to appoint a receiver to take control of Aequitas. It also removed Aequitas chief executive Bob Jesenik and his longtime partner, Brian Oliver, from positions at the company and sought to ban them from the securities industry.

Jesenik, Oliver and Scott Gillis, former Aequitas chief financial officer, were named defendants in the complaint.

Filed late Thursday in U.S. District Court in Portland, the suit alleges that since 2014, Aequitas has used much of the new money it raised from investors to fund operating expenses and, increasingly, to pay off existing investors.

"By at least July 2014, Jesenik and Oliver knew that redemptions and interest payments to prior investors were being paid primarily from new investor money in a Ponzi-like fashion, and that very little investor money was being used to purchase trade receivables," the SEC alleges.

Jesenik said the SEC rushed to judgment.

In a written statement issued by his lawyer, Jesenik said Aequitas brought on a consulting company called FTI last month. Thursday, in an effort to protect investors' interests, he said the SEC agreed to ask a federal judge to retain FTI as a receiver in the case.

"However, I'm disappointed that the SEC has also chosen to rush to judgment about the company's management and make sweeping allegations without the benefit of a thorough investigation," Jesenik said. "I look forward to addressing these claims in court."

Oliver too disputed the SEC's claims. ""Brian has not done anything wrong and we are deeply disappointed that the SEC would make such serious allegations without even speaking to him," said Oliver's lawyer Jahan Raissi.

After reading the complaint, veteran Portland securities lawyer Bob Banks said it's a wonder Aequitas executives and its allies "that peddled these junk notes into 2016 can sleep at night."

"I've listened to panicked Aequitas investors for the last two weeks, some of them in tears," said Banks, who is representing some of those investors. "Some have lost their children's college funds, some don't know how they will pay for medical treatments that they need. There are people in their 80s and 90s who turned over a lifetime of savings to Aequitas."

As first reported by The Oregonian and OregonLive, Aequitas was hurt badly when its deal to buy hundreds of millions of dollars worth of student loans from controversial for-profit college Corinthian Colleges fell apart in January 2014. Though the loans were deemed predatory and illegal by a federal judge, it was Aequitas largest source of revenue. The company continued to try and collect the debt from former Corinthian students long after Corinthian went bankrupt.

The SEC claimed in its lawsuit that Corinthian accounted for 75 percent of Aequitas debt-buying business. Aequitas insisted to the bitter end that losing Corinthian had an "immaterial" impact on the company.

As Aequitas' position grew weaker, it became more desperate to raise investor cash. By late 2014, it offered to pay investors 15 percent interest if they would commit their money for a full year, an extraordinary rate of return in today's low-interest environment.

The Aequitas scandal could spread well beyond Oregon. The company convinced independent investment advisers from Puget Sound to Long Island to peddle its private note investments. Aequitas paid many of them 2 percent commissions for every dollar they steered into its private notes.

Investors across the country, some of whom are convinced they were misled, have lawyered up and are considering whether to sue Aequitas, their individual investment advisers or both.

The company laid off most of its employees in February.

In all investors have about $600 million in Aequitas private notes and in various Aequitas investment funds. It remains unclear how much they will recover.

-- Jeff Manning

503-294-7606, jmanning@oregonian.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0003662-ec14e90c1de1d629f1494661157be3ec.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006062 00000000000 015111  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        One might say that Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Ky.) was for the hate politics of the far right before he was against it. One day, with a smile, Paul gives a speech calling on Republicans to be positive, inclusive and offer a happy face to voters.

On another day, with a snarl, Paul launches gutter-level attacks against Bill Clinton William (Bill) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong Un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says he never told McCabe his wife was 'a loser' MORE, the enormously popular former Democratic president.

ADVERTISEMENT

These are the two faces of Paul. Voters aren't buying it. In my latest column about Bill Clinton's rescue ride for Democrats in the 2014 midterms, I noted the great appeal of the widely liked and admired former president. And I warned Paul that his low-blow attacks on Clinton are a suicidal formula that will lead to another Republican defeat.

Perhaps Paul read my column. He is now saying that Republicans need to be more positive. But he has not retracted his discredited smears against Clinton. The Republican disease is that certain spinmeisters convince politicians like Paul that they have to hate liberal Democrats to be nominated, while other spinmeisters convince politicians like Paul that they have to be positive to avoid being slaughtered by Democrats like the Clintons in general elections. Hence, the two faces of Rand Paul.

There is one thing we can all agree on. In polls galore, Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE would defeat every potential Republican opponent in 2016 by landslide margins. Based on every poll I know of, Clinton looks like Babe Ruth and Paul looks like the little league for the 2016 race.

Against Clinton, voters don't like either of the two faces of Paul. The net impact of the Benghazi attacks against Clinton: zero. The net impact of ObamaCare attacks against Clinton: zero. The net impact of Paul's cheap shots against Bill Clinton: great for the Clintons and disastrous for Paul.

My advice to Paul: He should lose one of his two faces. As Ted Nugent should apologize to Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE, Rand Paul should apologize to Bill Clinton.

Budowsky was an aide to former Sen. Lloyd Bentsen and Bill Alexander, then chief deputy majority whip of the House. He holds an LL.M. degree in international financial law from the London School of Economics. Contact him at brentbbi@webtv.net.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0003531-afa6fe34ac89ba70a8abc00e3b96015d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000023006 00000000000 015360  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Tips & Tales of Effective Crowdfunding

In recent years, crowdfunding – the contribution of money from multiple people, usually through the internet, towards a single project or effort – has become more and more popular in the entrepreneurial world. Through sites like Kickstarter, Indiegogo, RocketHub, Crowdrise, Appbackr, Mosaic, and many others, anyone with an idea, no matter the industry, has the opportunity to ask others to finance it. Because of crowdfunding’s increasing popularity, success with crowdfunding has become more difficult to achieve. To get some perspectives on what works, we interviewed three Workbar members about their effective campaigns on the most well-known crowdfunding site – Kickstarter.



Thinking Outside the Poster: Litographs

The project:

Litographs – a business founded in 2012 that screen prints the full text of books onto posters – started a Kickstarter in order to print on t-shirts. Strategically timed for the holidays, the Kickstarter exceeded its goal of $15,000 and raised $100,928 in one month.

What worked?

According to Danny Fein, Litographs’ founder, the campaign was successful for four main reasons – its mailing list and Danny’s social networks; its timing; its creative use of rewards; and its strong press coverage. “It’s really important to get your campaign off to a good start, and it’ll take on a life of its own,” Danny says.

Danny’s main goal for the campaign was to get it featured by Kickstarter on the homepage, but that doesn’t happen without a bit of leg work. In order to build momentum and prove to Kickstarter that his project was worth highlighting, Danny sent an email to his existing mailing list of about 4,000 people who already had an interest in Litographs. He also promoted the page heavily on his personal social media sites – particularly Facebook. Instead of featuring a promotion on his website, he took the opportunity to offer a special price on posters – $15 instead of around $30 – available only on the Kickstarter page. This drove hundreds of customers, who were already Litographs fans, to “donate” to the campaign and get a poster for half the price. Kickstarter noticed the page’s immediate success and featured it soon after. According to Danny, about 50% of the money raised came from people who found his page through Kickstarter.

Danny also wanted to get some press coverage, but knew very little about public relations best practices. “I gave myself every possibility to have good things happen because it was so unknown,” Danny says. One way he did this was to make a wish list of around 30 blogs that he wanted to feature Litographs’ story. Instead of sending a press release, he scraped text from each blog, created hand-printed litographs of their logos, and sent them out via snail mail along with a suggestion that they cover his story. Four out of five of them did, and the first was TechCrunch – leading to the largest spike in the campaign’s donors.

Lastly, starting the campaign in time for rewards to arrive by December 24th was no coincidence. As a retail-centric project, the campaign’s positioning in time for holiday shopping was a major reason for its huge success. “It’s hard to overestimate how huge the holidays are – especially for a business like Litographs,” Danny says.

Litographs’ Kickstarter campaign had residual effects on the company’s overall success. The campaign raised traffic to the Litographs website 10-20% during the month while it was running, and the site’s traffic settled after the campaign at 4-5% more on average than before – even after holiday shopping season.

Last Words of Advice

Though Litographs exceeded its goal by a huge amount, Danny says that kind of success has pros and cons. While the increased order numbers decreased the costs of t-shirts and other materials bought in bulk, the unanticipated number of rewards Danny had to turn out for the holidays added a lot of stress and pressure. “Don’t overestimate the complexity of having 300,000 customers breathing down your necks – especially during the holidays,” Danny says. If your page is wildly successful, be prepared for the follow-through it will require. Because Kickstarter does not design itself as a retail store, Danny had to come up with his own system for following up with orders in order to follow through with every contributor’s request. “Double however long you think it will take,” Danny says, and only add stretch goals if you previously planned on it. If the campaign is already proving successful, don’t over complicate it – it only creates more work and complexity.

Putting a Local Landmark in a National Spotlight: The Brattle Theatre

The project:

The Brattle Theatre, a 60-year old arthouse cinema in Harvard Square, needed major upgrades –including a new HVAC and digital projection systems – and looked to Kickstarter to raise the $140,000 to do them. In five weeks, the Kickstarter campaign raised $149,580.

What worked?

To appeal to as many donors as possible, the Brattle put a great deal of thought into its rewards. “My impression of Kickstarter is that it’s tougher for local projects… our strategy was to make it attractive to people who don’t live nearby,” says Larry Yu, a board member who was involved in the execution and promotion of the campaign. To increase the chances of getting national donors as well as local, more personally-invested contributors, the Brattle offered a mix of lower to higher-end rewards, some regionally dependent and some not. These rewards included Brattle “Schwag,” movie tickets, a night with celebrity Amanda Palmer, and even choosing the name for the new HVAC system.

Even with creative and diverse prizes, the Brattle’s campaign needed quite a bit of marketing power. In the first two weeks of the campaign, the Brattle reached its 20% mark, and finished strong with around 40% of funds rolling in the last week. According to Larry, a large reason for the campaign’s success near the end was the snowball effect of the Brattle’s promotional efforts. The theater started by promoting the campaign to its close networks – friends, family, and fans of the theater. In those initial solicitations, the promotional team also made an effort to focus on more influential connectors in its network that could help spread the word – connectors like influencers at Harvard University, the City of Cambridge, and local press and niche film publications. Using the theater’s press releases, the Boston Globe wrote several pieces highlighting the Brattle’s campaign.

Last words of advice:

The theater’s campaign succeeded and exceeded its goal, but Larry says, “It’s hard work – it doesn’t just sort of happen.” Plan for many hours of marketing power in order to get your project off the ground, and don’t expect donors to just find you. The Brattle already had many fans, and it still had to invest a lot of time, effort, and incentives into spreading the word about its campaign.

Finding a Sweet Spot in a Niche: D Programming Language Conference



The project:

Andrei Alexandrescu, a D Programmer, was part of a group that wanted to organize an annual D Programming Language conference in the Bay Area in 2013. To do it, they needed funding for the rooms, speakers, food, and other conference amenities, and they decided to reach out to the D Programming community using Kickstarter in order to fund it. In one month, they raised $30,855 of their $29,999 goal.

What worked?

According to Andrei, the conference’s campaign succeeded because of its niche appeal, the length of the campaign, and the group’s ability to find initial investors. “I think one month is a sweet spot,” Andrei says. The group built momentum from the start by lining up some initial investors through their personal networks and by posting about the conference in targeted areas, such as D Programming forums, Hacker News, and Reddit. “Try to find some reliable contributors to seed it,” Andrei says, because when people are convinced the project will make it, they are more likely to help it get there. Once the campaign reached 50 contributors, they extended the reach of their network by emailing donors and asking them to spread the word. This strategy and the short timeline for funding kept up the campaign’s momentum, without major lulls. Once they reached their goal, the successful campaign gave the conference so much credibility that Andrei’s employer agreed to provide and pay for the conference’s venue.

Last words of advice:

Though a successful crowdfunding campaign gives a project credibility, Andrei cautions, “It’s a leap of faith, and you can lose face very easily… If it fails, it can be very disappointing and can hurt your project’s reputation.” He also advises to be aware that contributors can retract their donations last minute, which happened to them early on in the campaign. Had it happened later, as they approached their deadline, those retractions could have cost them the entire pool, so it’s always best to plan for a cushion.

For further reading on crowdfunding best-practices, start with these resources:

Raising Money Through Crowdfunding? Consider These Best Practices for Success | Entrepreneur Magazine

How to Run a Successful Campaign on Kickstarter | Shopify

The Untold Story Behind Kickstarter Stats [INFOGRAPHIC] | AppsBlogger

Successful Kickstarter Campaigns | Garrett Gibbons

Kickstartup | Craigmod.com

About the Author: Alexa Lightner is one of the Space & Community Managers at Workbar. Contact her via email alexa@workbar.com or Twitter @alexalightner.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003608-4ee61668f59b4581316e47ca633d4008.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001466 00000000000 014625  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Kan Colle Kai first details, new trailer

The PS Vita Kantai Collection is actually happening.

Kantai Collection Kai is the final name for the the PS Vita adaption of popular browser game Kantai Collection, Kadokawa Games announced during the Kadokawa Games x From Software Fall 2014 Media Briefing.

Kadokawa Games’ Kensuke Tanaka will act as the game’s producer and director. It will use the browser game as its base, with a new user interface built for PS Vita including new systems like a “Waters Map.” Most of the Kanmusu (ship daughters) from the browser version will be included with the PS Vita version from the get-go, and gameplay will take a shift towards more overt strategy.

As previously announced, the game will launch in spring 2015.

Watch a new trailer below.

Thanks, Inside Games and Famitsu.                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003645-59ba3d7d0c706957f174e8ca78abc8be.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002106 00000000000 015262  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Woman, 32, Arrested For Distributing Naked Photos Of Her Ex-Husband Share

Tweet



Meet Eva Gaitan.

The 32-year-old Floridian is jailed on a stalking charge after she allegedly distributed naked photos of her ex-husband to the man’s employer and parents.

Gaitan (pictured at right) was arrested yesterday on the misdemeanor charge at the Palm Harbor home she once shared with her ex-spouse. The couple's marriage was dissolved in February, according to court records.

Police allege that Gaitan “mailed a CD of the nude images to her ex-husband’s parents” and hand delivered “packages of CDs” to her former husband’s workplace. The CDs were labeled “Requires Immediate Attention.”

Gaitan, investigators charge, obtained the explicit photos “from her ex-husband’s flash drive.” In a post-arrest interview, Gaitan reportedly confessed to “burning the images to discs” and then distributing the CDs.

Gaitan, who has pleaded not guilty, is being held in the Pinellas County jail in lieu of $1000 bond. A judge has ordered her to have no contact with her ex-husband.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003689-c3f23f1b48f426e106f6b9d14f3ec0ed.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014130 00000000000 015251  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        What's the truth about the origin of the term "American Indian"? Schoolchildren have long been taught that Columbus thought he had reached the Indies, and therefore called the inhabitants "Indians." But lately I've been hearing the story that: (a) The Indies weren't even called the Indies at the time, but Hindustan; (b) Columbus didn't call the locals "Indians" but referred to them as "una geste in Dios", meaning "a people in God"; (c) somehow this caused people in Spain to start using the term "Indians"; and (d) Europeans then started using the geographical term "Indies" through back-formation. This explanation sounds like wishful thinking to me, with (c) and (d) particularly hard to swallow. Yet I've seen this stated as fact on some Indian Web sites, and it's doubtless being taught as fact in some schoolrooms. Is it possible to find the truth in this matter?

George replies:

The best way to determine the truth in cases like this, Steve, is to go to the source–in this case, Columbus’s original letter, through which word of the new lands and their inhabitants was disseminated throughout Europe (see links below). In this letter Columbus repeatedly refers to India and Indians, and says nothing whatever about "a people in God."

First, let’s get the supposed phrase right. The Spanish word for people is gente, not geste. Note that the supposed derivation requires Columbus to have made an error in spelling, since "in" in Spanish is en; the word in doesn’t exist in the language. I’ll have more to say on this point later.

Second, let’s dispose of the notion that India was called something else at the time. The name, derived from the Indus River (from Sanskrit sindhu, "a river"), goes back to antiquity. Alexander the Great referred to the Indus (Indos), and to the region’s inhabitants as Indikoi, as early as the third century B.C. The name passed from Greek into Latin and thence into other European languages, the earliest citation in English being in 893 A.D. by King Alfred the Great. At the time of Columbus’s voyage, "India" or "the Indias/Indies" was often used to refer to all of south and east Asia. Columbus carried with him a passport from Ferdinand and Isabella of Spain, written in Latin and dispatching him "toward the regions of India" (ab partes Indie) on their behalf. Martin Beheim’s globe of 1492, which predated the voyage, clearly labels the region as "Indie." "Hindustan," also derived from the Indus River, is a much later term, not appearing in English until 1665. In any case, in Spanish that name is not Hindustan but Indostan.

Third, let’s look at what Columbus actually said. The admiral wrote a letter, in Spanish, detailing his discoveries while off the Azores during his homeward voyage. He forwarded this to the royal court, then at Barcelona, shortly after his storm-driven arrival in Lisbon on March 4, 1493. The original manuscript has not survived, but a printed copy made shortly after its receipt has. In the first paragraph Columbus says "In 33 days I passed from the Canary Islands to the Indies" (en 33 días pasé de las islas de Canaria a las Indias). His first reference to the inhabitants comes in the second paragraph: "To the first [island] which I found I gave the name San Salvador . . . the Indians call it Guanahaní" (A la primera que yo hallé puse nombre San Salvador . . . los Indios la llaman Guanahaní). In all he makes six references to India or the Indies, and four to Indios. Nowhere in the letter does he use a phrase resembling una gente in Dios. He says little of the spiritual beliefs of the people–at one point he states, "These people practice no kind of idolatry; on the contrary they firmly believe that all strength and power, and in fact all good things are in heaven, and that I had come down from thence with these ships and sailors;" at another he says "they are very ready and favorably inclined" to be converted to Christianity–but that’s about it.

Shortly after Columbus’s arrival, a copy of the letter reached Rome, where it was translated into Latin, and printed in early May. This version rapidly became a "best seller" throughout western Europe, with no fewer than eleven editions being produced in Spain, Italy, France, Switzerland, and the Netherlands in 1493 alone. Of course, the fact that the news was circulated in Latin and not Spanish by itself pretty much puts paid to the supposed derivation. (The phrases corresponding to the ones quoted above are Tricesimotercio die postquam Gadibus discessi: in mare Indicû perueni and primeque earum: diui Saluatoris nomê imposui . . . Eam vero Indi Guanahanyn vocant.)

The only hint of plausibility in the story is that "in" is in fact in in Italian, and so might be the kind of slip one could expect the Genoa-born Columbus to make. However, oddly enough, Columbus almost never wrote in Italian (and then, not more than a phrase or two), writing even to his family and Genoese friends in Spanish. Born poor, he appears to have been virtually illiterate when he left Genoa as a young man, not learning to read and write until he settled in Portugal. According to Samuel Eliot Morison’s Admiral of the Ocean Sea, "he wrote Castilian with Portuguese spellings, especially in the vowels, which prove he spoke Portuguese before he learned Castilian." And in Portuguese, "in" is em.

Actually, the land that Columbus most eagerly sought was not India itself, but "the noble island of Cipangu [Japan] . . . most fertile in gold, pearls, and precious stones." Who knows? If Columbus had managed to convince himself he had actually reached Japan, today Ohioans might well be rooting for the Cleveland Cipangans.

For an English translation of Columbus’s letter:

www.usm.maine.edu/~maps /columbus/translation.html

For the Spanish text:

ensayo.rom.uga.edu/antologia/XV/colon/

For the Latin text:

www.usm.maine.edu/~ma ps/columbus/transcription.html

Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com.

Related

STAFF REPORTS ARE WRITTEN BY THE STRAIGHT DOPE SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD, CECIL'S ONLINE AUXILIARY. THOUGH THE SDSAB DOES ITS BEST, THESE COLUMNS ARE EDITED BY ED ZOTTI, NOT CECIL, SO ACCURACYWISE YOU'D BETTER KEEP YOUR FINGERS CROSSED.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0003688-1546c0159d8b37fa947c10eee053b101.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002111 00000000000 014732  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        

"I believe there is a powerful argument that your proposal is simply not retroactive. Taxpayers can avoid the tax completely by repurchasing shares they sold to the United States; the excise tax would be imposed, not on prior bonuses, but on the taxpayer's affirmative post-enactment decision not to repurchase those shares at the same price that the shares were sold to the United States."

"Even if the excise tax were... viewed as having retroactive effect, the Supreme Court has generally given a high level of judicial deference to economic legislation and has repeatedly upheld retroactive taxation as constitutional, so long as the legislation is 'supported by a legitimate legislative purpose furthered by rational means...'"

[snip]

"Your legislative proposal presents a particularly strong case for constitutionality since it has only a modest look-back-period, as was the case in Darusmont, and is arguably a curative measure (with regard to the executive compensation provisions of TARP), as was the case in Carlton.

Edward D. Kleinbard

Chief of Staff

Joint Committee on Taxation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0003696-00b75f4de2be2ae3b6cfee21656337f3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002375 00000000000 015253  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        From the Associated Press in Japan comes the story of Yosuke, an African grey parrot with lots of smarts. We'll let the AP tell the tale:

When Yosuke the parrot flew out of his cage and got lost, he did exactly what he had been taught — he recited his name and address to a stranger willing to help. Police rescued the African grey parrot two weeks ago from a neighbor’s roof in the city of Nagareyama, near Tokyo.

After spending a night at the station, he was transferred to a nearby veterinary hospital while police searched for clues, local policeman Shinjiro Uemura said. He kept mum with the cops, but began chatting after a few days with the vet.

"I’m Mr. Yosuke Nakamura," the bird told the veterinarian, according to Uemura. The parrot also provided his full home address, down to the street number, and even entertained the hospital staff by singing songs.

"We checked the address, and what do you know, a Nakamura family really lived there. So we told them we’ve found Yosuke," Uemura said. The Nakamura family told police they had been teaching the bird its name and address for about two years.

But Yosuke apparently wasn’t keen on opening up to police officials. "I tried to be friendly and talked to him, but he completely ignored me," Uemura said.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003594-3f59879b7def0f0b93812e3eb10af73c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016357 00000000000 015215  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        If you run OpenStack, you’re probably also looking for ways to do so as easily as possible. Developed by Mirantis, Fuel is an upstream OpenStack community project that helps you eliminate the time-consuming, complex, error-prone process of manual deployments. Fuel is an intuitive, GUI-driven tool that simplifies deploying, testing, and maintaining configurations of OpenStack at scale. Being an OpenStack tool itself, Fuel is not hard-bundled and prevents vendor lock-in.

In a significant enhancement to Fuel’s ongoing evolution, it now runs on Docker to accelerate Fuel application updates, helping you leverage your OpenStack cloud investment with its increased capabilities. Read on for details on how Fuel on Docker can work for you.

Why Fuel on Docker?

Mirantis chose to run Fuel on Docker beginning with Mirantis OpenStack 5.0 because it accelerates Fuel updates through rapid application assembly. With the modifications we made to Puppet, Ruby, and Python code to put Fuel on Docker, you can now redeploy Fuel in less than 30 seconds without rollbacks or cleanup scripts. You can make changes, test them quickly, and rollback if necessary. You can also update the Fuel master node and rollback if you have problems.

Docker enables such straightforward, rapid redeployment because its applications are in portable software “containers,” and run in diverse environments, including laptops running Mac OS X or Windows (using boot2docker), QA servers running Ubuntu in the cloud, and production data center VMs running Red Hat Enterprise Linux. To update a Fuel application in Docker, for example, you just drop the older container and start a new one, saving the 1-2 hours it would have taken to rebuild a Fuel ISO and test your changes.

What’s new

With the improvements of putting Fuel on Docker in Mirantis OpenStack 5.0 came some growing pains that we addressed in 5.1 and 6.0. In the 5.0 release, some users encountered protracted Fuel deployment times and unstable behavior. In addition, Fuel required too much disk space for logs, with the potential for crashing the operating system.

In Mirantis OpenStack 5.1, we reduced the time required to install Fuel on master node into the Docker containers. On a virtualized deployment on an SSD in 5.0, the Fuel master node took about 18 minutes to load images and 9 minutes to start the containers. In 5.1, we reduced image load time to 9 minutes, with 8 minutes to start the containers. When deploying on physical hardware, image load time decreased by 20% in 5.1. Many users recommended using tmpfs on Fuel Master to decrease installation times, but we found that it was unreliable in low memory environments, which slowed the process even further. We were working with 3GB of uncompressed container data, which is just too large to use with tmpfs. Improvements are planned for future releases.

We also made enhancements to Fuel stability in 5.1 with the dockerctl utility tracking configuration activity for Fuel on Docker updates, which pass hundreds of parameters to 13 containers to configure port mappings, disk path mappings, and privileged modes. Dockerctl is particularly important because the mappings are massive for applications that require 5-6 parameters from astute.yaml for each container to deploy the application.

Instead of etcd or other tools that require systemd, we used astute.yaml parameters, preserved the YAML-based local file, and ran Puppet within containers to deploy the Fuel master applications. We won’t necessarily continue to do this, but it was a simpler and less disruptive method than using other available tools. However, the YAML-based local file and Puppet did have several disadvantages, such as contributing to the high volume of mappings in Docker that raised the disk overhead for each container because Puppet and its dependencies were installed. Even so, we’re still running one of the leanest full-blown OS Docker images in production. Docker’s Ubuntu base image is enormous, while our CentOS base image with Puppet installed compresses down to 39MB.

What’s up in Mirantis OpenStack 6.0

Improvements continue in Mirantis 6.0, where we have fixed bugs to correct Fuel configurations that now enable log rotation, freeing up disk space. In addition, when setting system requirements for 6.0, we accounted for logrotate, which stores the last five archives by default. Archive size becomes an important issue when a managed node generates a prolific amount of log data that claims a disproportionate amount of disk space not freed until the archive cycles through the fifth rotation. Based on this consideration, Mirantis multiplied the number of logs by the number of machines and added more space to support a virtual machine that suddenly generates a large amount of logs.

Docker itself needs disk space for logs, which can fill all free space, potentially destroying the file system. No automatic fix is available for this problem, so even with Mirantis’ log store improvements, you still need to track capacity because we can’t predict the volume of logs you will generate. While logrotate updates logs every hour, it doesn’t track free disk space, and no setting is available to maximize the size of the Docker log folder. In fact, the logrotate settings restrict the size of a single log file, which is archived when reached. So even with amplified parameters, you should allocate 30GB exclusively for logs in a 20-node deployment.

Note: If you enable Debug mode, large files rotate every 10 minutes instead of hourly.

More enhancements

In other developments for Fuel on Docker in Mirantis OpenStack 6.0, we used CentOS 6.5 as the operating system for Master Node. Because CentOS 6.5 has no systemd to keep services running, Mirantis uses the Python supervisor utility to start and track Docker containers as well as to run web apps, providing great two-for-one functionality.

Mirantis also developed a simple try-or-fail schema to address container shut downs in Docker, which has no inherent dependency tracking tools. In our solution, if Docker containers try to start but then shut down because PostgreSQL or RabbitMQ are not yet running, the supervisor utility waits for a few seconds and tries to start the failed container again until all containers start up. This method is much easier to maintain than an elaborate priority or dependency-based container deployment sequence. And though dockerctl does have a proper sequence in place when starting all containers, that sequence only applies during the initial deployment.

In addition, Mirantis has also reduced the number of layers per Docker container from ~20 to ~5, reducing the delays imposed by Docker’s devicemapper storage backend. Using CentOS, which relies on Docker’s devicemapper implementation rewritten in the Go language as opposed to AUFS, is also considerably faster. This solution doesn’t scale well, however, so we’re considering other solutions to improve performance, including using other distributions.

Fuel on Docker: To infinity…. and beyond!

Moving forward with Fuel on Docker, Mirantis continues to enhance functionality. As an OpenStack tool, Fuel on Docker remains the best way to deploy, test, and maintain your OpenStack platform. The easiest way to get it, is as a part of Mirantis OpenStack, so download it today to fully leverage your cloud investment.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0003522-82bf40f3db456b065ddcbee5ac66dc0f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006032 00000000000 015451  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A VIGILANTE commuter who boldly confronted train vandals and filmed them says they had to be taught a lesson.

The man, known only as Mark, said he was sick of seeing taxpayers' money wasted on cleaning up graffiti on trains before he boldly confronted the train vandals and filmed them, saying they had to be taught a lesson.

Do you know more? Email our reporter

So when he spotted three vandals tagging in a carriage as he was on his way home, he could not turn a blind eye.

"I thought, if these kids aren't taught now they'll probably think they will get away with it and continue doing it -- and probably end up in the big house when they are older. And you don't want that," he told Channel 9 News.

His footage shows him cornering two taggers as the third runs off.

"Guess what, matey? You're gone," he says.

"Guess where this is going, boys? Straight to Crime Stoppers."

The footage has gone viral, with more than 444,000 views on YouTube and 22,000 likes on Facebook in one day.

The video ends with Mark grabbing the two taggers, chasing them off the train at the next station, and trying to make a citizen's arrest.

Mark said he released one youth he was holding only after one of the boy's mates produced a rock.

Today, police spokeswoman Anita Brens said police were keen for Mark to officially come forward, report the incident and hand over any footage.

“We urge that person to hand the footage into police,” Ms Brens said.

“It would form part of any evidence we may need to present."

Victoria Police and Metro yesterday urged people not to take the law into their own hands. Senior Sergeant David Cochrane, of the transit police, urged people not to approach offenders but to ring police or Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.

"Be aware of the risks involved and think carefully before you do it," he said. "In this case, the person has let the offenders know he was filming and he was about to arrest them ... and it appears he has been assaulted as a result of it, which is concerning to us," Sen-Sgt Cochrane said.

"If you see this stuff and you film it, we advise that you ring police.

"Please let the police know in the first instance, because you put the prosecution at risk by putting it straight on to YouTube."

Metro spokesman Daniel Hoare urged anyone who witnessed vandalism on a train or at a station to call police immediately.

"If someone sees graffiti being carried out on a train, we urge them to press the red emergency button on the carriage, which will activate a call to police," he said.

Metro must clean up graffiti within 24 hours of it being reported, which can force trains out of service.

Graffiti offences attract a $276 on-the-spot fine and possessing graffiti equipment on a train carries a $704 fine. Criminal damage carries a penalty of up to 10 years' jail.

Public Transport Users Association president Tony Morton said his group also did not encourage people to take matters into their own hands.

He said the video showed how a situation could get out of hand and distress other passengers.

Do you know more? Email our reporter                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0003676-85c294c51debfdfeb6d4ee26ec467c12.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006307 00000000000 015427  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        By latching onto bacteria and detonating at just the right moment, a new drug could help take out the leading cause of bacterial infections in humans worldwide.

The drug, a deadly combo of an antibody glued to an antibiotic, specifically seeks and destroys Staphylococcus aureus—even the difficult-to-kill, drug-resistant variety, methicillin-resistant staph (MRSA). In mice infected with MRSA, the dynamic duo fought off the infection better than the standard antibiotic treatment of vancomycin, researchers report in Nature. If the findings hold true in humans, the new superdrug could vastly improve the success rates of MRSA infection treatments, some of which can fail up to 50 percent of the time.

That fail rate is likely linked to staph’s stealthy infection strategy, the authors note. Inside a victim, the bacteria battle immune cells that try to gobble them up. Once sucked into the cells, the bacteria normally get digested into un-infectious bits. But some of the bacteria can dodge death and hide out. Instead of a death chamber, the cells become bacterial getaway cars, leaving killer antibiotics in the dust and giving the germs a ride around the circulatory system to uninfected organs and tissues.

Standard antibiotic treatments can fight off staph at infection sites. But those cellular stowaways are left unscathed, leaving patients with lingering or recurring infections.

The new superdrug, on the other hand, specifically targets those stowaways. The antibody part of the drug tightly binds to acids on staph’s surface. When the bacteria get sucked into an immune cell, the antibody-antibiotic combo drug sticks with it. Once inside, cellular enzymes blast the drug apart, freeing and activating the antibiotic. In this case, the researchers found that a derivative of the common antibiotic rifampicin, called rifalogue, worked best. Bacteria that survive the cells’ digestion attempt ultimately succumb to the newly free rifalogue.

In lab tests, more than ten thousand copies of the superdrug could clamp onto a bacterium, towing more than enough rifalogue to deliver a deadly dose inside the cell. In mice, the superdrug was orders of magnitude more powerful at wiping out MRSA than vancomycin or antibody treatments alone.

But, for now, there are no guarantees that the superdrug will be that effective in human patients. Researchers point out that the human immune system may produce competing antibodies that bind to staph, possibly elbowing out the superdrug.

Still, whether this particular antibody-antibiotic pair is successful in humans may not matter in the long run. Researchers can continue to try new combinations, even reviving antibiotics that failed to make it through the development pipeline. Antibiotics that may be toxic or bad at circulating through the human body on their own could be highly effective when glued to a bacteria-targeting partner. And researchers could make pairings with antibodies that target other infectious microbes, creating a host of other potential new therapies.

Nature, 2015. DOI:10.1038/nature16057 (About DOIs).

correction: the original version of this piece suggested MRSA treatments fail about half the time. The correct figure is that some treatments can fail up to half the time.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0003625-56cfadc4d428d3bec581c422dcd99ecb.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000025033 00000000000 015470  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        This debate is about more than papayas. It’s about how we assess the world. Photo by Efired/Shutterstock

It’s gut-check time for the anti-GMO movement. In the past couple of years, some of the country’s best science journalists—Amy Harmon, Nathanael Johnson, Keith Kloor, Michael Specter, and others—have shredded many of the movement’s claims and arguments. Three weeks ago Slate poked more holes in the case for banning or labeling genetically engineered food.

Some GMO critics, to their credit, seem open to reforming the movement. Gary Hirshberg, the chairman of Just Label It, has been pounded by GMO advocates for unscientific statements. But in his latest essay, Hirshberg shows tentative signs of turning away from allegations that GMOs per se are dangerous. He’s trying to refocus the debate on transparency, herbicidal applications, and long-term monitoring.

Others are clinging to the same old discredited attacks on GMO safety. Chief among them is Claire Robinson, an editor at GMWatch and researcher for Earth Open Source. Two years ago, when Johnson investigated issues on both sides of the GMO debate for a series in Grist, Robinson accused him of parroting industry spin. Now Robinson has written a three-part series leveling a similar charge at Slate. Her arguments fail, but they do so in an instructive way. By exploring these common anti-GMO errors, you can learn a lot about how to think critically, and not just about GMOs. Here are some of the lessons.

No. 1: Don’t rely on authority. Robinson says you shouldn’t settle for vague assurances from scientific organizations. I agree. That’s why I drilled down into four case studies to look at specific evidence. The evidence, not the assurances, is what debunks the arguments against these GMOs. So when Robinson tries to drown out that evidence with her own appeals to authority, citing bogus “science-related organizations” such as the American Academy of Environmental Medicine—a quack group dressed up as an association of scholarly referees—don’t fall for the act.

No. 2: Beware of generalizations. Robinson quotes a statement from the World Health Organization: “Different GM organisms include different genes inserted in different ways. This means that individual GM foods and their safety should be assessed on a case-by-case basis and that it is not possible to make general statements on the safety of all GM foods.” She portrays this as an argument for regulating GMOs more strictly than non-GMOs. She’s wrong. The statement means exactly what it says: Instead of segregating food into clumsy, overbroad categories, each product should be assessed on its own merits. That’s the problem with GMO labeling: It’s unwarranted segregation.

No. 3: Read the fine print. To scare you about glyphosate, an herbicide that is used in tandem with some genetically engineered crops, Robinson displays a headline from Nature: “Widely used herbicide linked to cancer.” She puts the headline in a graphic, so you can’t click through to read the article. If you look up the article, you’ll find caveats: The risk is unquantified, and according to an expert quoted in the story, “the evidence cited here appears a bit thin.” The article also debunks a claim from Monsanto, which has implied, misleadingly, that glyphosate has been put in the same possible-carcinogen category as coffee and cellphones. Don’t trust the corporate spin. Don’t trust the anti-corporate spin, either.

No. 4: Respect evidence. Robinson says you can’t trust me because I’ve “claimed that drones cut down on civilian casualties.” Guilty as charged. Here’s my evidence that the drones claim is true. You may interpret it differently. But the important thing is that I’ve put facts on the table so we can debate them and test our assumptions against data. If you follow Robinson’s approach—ridiculing propositions as absurd a priori—you’ll learn nothing.

No. 5: Keep an open mind. Robinson points out that I initially favored the Iraq war, later regretted it, and eventually wrote about lessons I learned from my mistake. She says this shows I have “a history of bad judgment calls,” and therefore you shouldn’t trust me. She has it backward. The people you shouldn’t trust are those who reject new information. When events or experiments don’t turn out as you expected, you have to rethink your assumptions. Otherwise you end up clinging to dead dogmas.

No. 6: Scrutinize everything. In the Slate article, I accused GMO critics of selective scrutiny: playing up the risks of GMOs while playing down the risks of non-GMO alternatives. One example was a papaya engineered with a gene from a virus. The papaya has been portrayed as dangerous, even though people have safely eaten non-GMO papayas loaded with the same virus for decades. Robinson says the comparison is faulty because “the genetically engineered form of the virus is not the same as the natural virus.” She claims that “the GM gene insertion and subsequent tissue culture processes used in genetic engineering create mutations. These can result in biochemical changes in the plant, which in turn could make the plant unexpectedly toxic or allergenic.” But mutations are hardly unique to GMOs. They’re ubiquitous, especially in plant breeding. You’re no more likely to get a toxic mutation from a GMO than from a non-GMO.

No. 7: Compare the options. When you’re told something is bad, apply the same standard in judging the alternatives. Glyphosate is a good example. GMO critics say it’s hazardous, but they’re strangely quiet about the herbicides it has replaced. Robinson says the USDA report I cited—which said the adoption of herbicide-tolerant crops “has enabled farmers to substitute glyphosate for more toxic and persistent herbicides”—doesn’t mean glyphosate is “relatively benign.” But that’s exactly what it means. If you look up which pesticides have declined in use as glyphosate has increased, you find many that are far more hazardous. And if you study the World Health Organization’s pesticide safety ratings, you’ll see that glyphosate is in the second-least-hazardous category. Most of the herbicides it has replaced are worse.

No. 8: Watch for moving goalposts. The Slate article reported that anti-GMO activists who present themselves as experts (at least one of whom Robinson had previously defended) gave false testimony in Hawaii. They testified that genetically engineered papayas had never been tested for safety in animals. I pointed to a study, published in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry, in which the papayas had been fed to rats. Rather than acknowledge that the testimony was false, Robinson simply throws up another claim. She says evidence in the rat study contradicts the “belief that the GM papaya is safe.” This, too, is false: The paper (which is paywalled, sorry) reports “no genotoxicity,” “no biologically significant differences,” and “no biologically adverse effects.”

Robinson also says the study was too short. But just in case scientists follow up with a longer study, she’s ready to move the goalposts again: Even a two-year study in cows (“equivalent to around eight years in human terms,” according to Robinson) isn’t enough. The allegations and demands are endless. When you keep reaching for higher standards and new rationalizations, you’re just protecting your beliefs from falsification.

No. 9: Beware of political agendas. Robinson dismisses Golden Rice, which is engineered to relieve vitamin A deficiency, as “a poster-child for GM” and “a weapon to attack the biotech industry’s critics.” But when you see everything in political terms, you lose sight of the underlying reality. Rice is food. Vitamin A is a nutrient. If you campaign against a nutritional project because you see it as a weapon for the other side, you are the one playing politics. This kind of us vs. them thinking can corrupt anyone. In the case of GMOs, it has corrupted too many environmentalists and public health advocates.

No. 10: Beware of business agendas. Robinson discounts GMO research by anyone who has ever been linked to Monsanto. But she sees no problem with her own connections to the Organic Consumers Association, which represents “several thousand businesses in the natural foods and organic marketplace,” which would benefit from mandatory GMO labeling. Robinson also calls genetically engineered papayas a failure because of “market rejection.” But that’s a circular argument, since anti-GMO groups have been driving much of the market rejection. Monsanto isn’t the only one manipulating the market in this debate. Keep your eyes open, and look both ways.

No. 11: Beware of conspiracy theories. Robinson says the Slate article was “political” because it “was published just before the Republican-led House of Representatives considered a complete ban on mandatory GMO labelling.” That’s news to me, since I didn’t even know the House vote was coming. As for Robinson’s suggestion that I’m a rabid Republican and my colleagues are in cahoots with the GOP, I bet that’s pretty funny to those of you who actually read Slate. Don’t be a sucker for conspiracy theories. They make you feel vigilant, when in fact you’re being credulous.

No. 12: Check your behavior against your values. When you find yourself rooting for the failure of nutritionally enhanced crops, arguing that it’s OK to try to block these crops as long as you don’t succeed, or dismissing vitamin A deficiency in 15 percent of Filipino toddlers and preschoolers as no big deal, it’s time to ask yourself how you got to this point.

No. 13: Think about the big picture. Robinson brushes aside two case studies in the Slate article, noting that genetically engineered papayas are “little grown” and Golden Rice is “unavailable.” But if you ignore the best applications of a technology, and you restrict or ban it because you don’t like other applications, you foreclose its possibilities. Why would you demand a label that puts the rice, the papayas, and safer potatoes in a category with products engineered for herbicide tolerance? Genetic engineering is a technique, not a type of food, and banning it would shut down all the good things it can do.

I can’t promise you every GMO is safe, any more than Robinson can promise every non-GMO is safe. I’m not here to sell you an ideology or win a fight. I’m here to encourage you to think critically. If you follow these 13 rules, you’ll avoid the worst mistakes of the anti-GMO movement. And you’ll free yourself from dogmatists, even those who claim to speak for doubt.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0003694-cf9f15703d8d5456bb14b1f2e98b7033.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001517 00000000000 015041  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Trans-Siberian Orchestra Paul O'Neill OD'd On Prescription Drugs

Trans-Siberian Orchestra's Paul O'Neill Died from Prescription Drug Overdose

EXCLUSIVE

Paul O'Neill -- the founder of the Trans-Siberian Orchestra -- died from a combination of prescription drugs ... TMZ has learned.

TMZ obtained a copy of O'Neill's autopsy report, and it says he died of intoxication from a mix of methadone, codeine, diazepam (generic Valium) and doxylamine (an antihistamine).

According to the doc, the cause of death is intoxication ... but it also mentions other ailments O'Neill was battling ... such as mild heart disease, hypertension and moderate hardening of the arteries. The medical examiner determined the death to be accidental.

When O'Neill died last month, the band released a statement saying he'd died from a "chronic illness."

Paul was 61.                                                                                                                                                                                 0003691-dc157824330fa96960c02a8d0cff7e23.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002671 00000000000 015032  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Co-founded by Lochlainn Wilson and Yuka Kojima, the project has a very prominent supporter: Philip Rosedale, who tells me he plans to make his new VR-compatible world High Fidelity compatible with the FOVE. In fact, he believes the eye-tracking technology is so important for the future of VR, it'll become standard in the next generation of VR HMDs:

FOVE: The World's First Eye Tracking Virtual Reality Headset , is a new Kickstarter VR project which incorporates eye-tracking technology into a VR head-mounted display (or HMD) to very cool effect -- watch:

"Being able to see exactly where someone else is looking is probably the most important missing component of 1:1 communication in a virtual environment, if we have head and upper body motion, facial gestures, and hand movement," as Philip puts it to me. "Eye contact is extremely important and eye movement is a rich form of communication. Having used it, I can attest to the fact that FOVE has demonstrated successful, accurate eye tracking in an HMD. So we can expect that second generation HMD's will have eye tracking built in, and that this will be a big and important advance in 1:1 presence."

That sounds right to me. With Philip's first VR world, Second Life, the avatar eye-lock function is an incredibly compelling way to create simulated connectivity between two people. Go here to consider getting in on this Kickstarter.

Thanks to Adrian Cutler for the tip!

Please share this post:

Tweet                                                                       0003498-27946aedf949765c59233b404674c117.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000032222 00000000000 014557  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Vermont is beautiful in all four seasons, and exploring the mountains and valleys on foot is one of our favorite pastimes. We’ve been trekking and meandering the hiking trails in Southern Vermont with our kids for the past 12 years, and we figured it was high time we share our favorites with you.

The following hikes, rambles, and walks are perfect for novice hikers or families with children. Most are under five miles, and all have a kid-friendly feature to help entice them along. The best way to encourage my own kids down a trail is with the promise of water for swimming. We’ve got a few more tricks up our sleeves if you’re interested, but a good many of our favorite trails surround lakes, meander along rivers, or end up at the bottom of waterfalls.

More serious hiking opportunities will be covered in another post. Today, we’re going to focus on easy day-hiking in Southern Vermont, including trails in Bennington, Manchester, Stratton, Wilmington, Brattleboro, and Putney.

Easy Hiking Trails in Southwestern Vermont

Lake Shaftsbury State Park, Shaftsbury, Vermont

This 84-acre park is small but well-loved. It is most popular as a picnic and swimming spot for local families, but the trail around the lake is underappreciated and quite lovely. The hike is more of a ramble — a mile in length, meandering through the woods, then wetlands, than back into the woods, with a constant view of the lake. Waterfowl are plentiful most of the year, and we’ve also spotted bald eagles and osprey on numerous occasions. After your hike, your kiddos will want to spend some time on the water, and the beach is the perfect spot for relaxing with a good book. I highly recommend driving south on route 7A for another mile and visiting the Chocolate Barn for the best ice cream you’re ever likely to taste in Southern Vermont.

Difficulty level: easy

Length of trail: 1-mile loop

Kid appeal: swimming, boardwalk through wetlands, decent fishing, boat rentals

Dogs: nope, unless you visit in the off-season

Fee: $4 for adults, $2 for children

For more on this hike, check out: An Autumn Walk Around Lake Shaftsbury

Woodford State Park, Woodford, Vermont

The hiking trail in Woodford State Park brings you around Adams Reservoir, a gorgeous, tree-lined lake nestled in the Green Mountains. Woodford State Park is much more secluded than Lake Shaftsbury, and much cooler (temperature wise). We’ve seen moose up here and spent days on the water without running into another person. The trail around the lake isn’t difficult, but at 2.7 miles, it might be hard for younger kids to make it around. We love how dark and mossy the trail is. There are several easy stream crossings, and you may even see the carnivorous sundew plants if you look very carefully along the shore.

Difficulty level: easy to moderate

Length of trail: 2.7 mile loop

Kid appeal: swimming, playground, boat rentals

Dogs: on leash

Fees: $4 for adults, $2 for kids

Want to learn more about Woodford State Park? Check out: Woodford State Park: A Park for All Seasons

Mile Around Woods, North Bennington, Vermont

The Mile Around Woods trail is one of the best hikes in Southern Vermont. It sits behind the beautiful Park McCullough house in North Bennington, VT. This loop starts by taking hikers through beautiful farm fields of grazing horses, then meanders through a hardwood forest on a lovely, wide path. The forest loop is exactly a mile long, but you can make the adventure last by traipsing across several fields, or by visiting the historic Park McCullough House and Hiland Hall gardens. I recommend making an afternoon of it – the Park McCullough House is open for tours on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday from May to October. The Hiland Hall gardens have been meticulously restored and are located behind the main house.

Difficulty: easy for all ages

Length: 1 mile loop

Kid appeal: farm animals, wildflowers, rocks for climbing

Dogs: on leash

Fees: none, unless you want a tour of the historic house

For a trail map, please visit the Fund for North Bennington.

Emerald Lake State Park, East Dorset, Vermont

Emerald Lake State Park is nestled in a deep valley between the Taconic Mountains to the West and the Green Mountains to the east. The two mountain ranges are only a few hundred yards apart here, and they rise up steeply on either side of the lake. Covering just 20 acres, Emerald Lake isn’t big, but what it lacks in size it makes up for in beauty. There are several hiking trails in Emerald Lake State Park, and if you and your kids are into vistas, I recommend checking out the Vista Trail, which is a steady climb with awesome views of the lake. I have to say that our kids much prefer the lake trail, which hugs the shoreline, with side trails into the three campground loops. We like taking the trail to the “C” loop because it travels through the wetlands at the south end of the lake, perfect for some kid-friendly birding adventures.

Difficulty: easy, although the campground trail is kind of steep

Length of trail: The lake trail is .5 miles and the campground trail is .4 miles, one way. You can walk back to the beach and parking lot on the campground roads, or turn around and retrace your steps.

Kid appeal: awesome swimming, rope swing for big kids (on the island), bird watching, boat rentals

Dogs: They’re allowed in the campground and on the trails (on leash), but not at the beach or picnic areas.

Fees: $4 for adults, $2 for children

For more about Emerald Lake trails, check out: A Summer in Vermont: Exploring Emerald Lake State Park

Merck Forest and Farmland Center, Rupert, Vermont

Merck Forest and Farmland Center is a nonprofit educational center and outdoor stewardship organization that maintains 3,162 acres of woods and farmland in Rupert, Vermont. There are more than 30 miles of hiking trails to explore, plus cabins for camping. We like to stroll around the farm, visit the animals, check out the maple tap house, and then head up to Birch Pond for a dip and a picnic. This is a fairly easy, 3-mile loop, but we often make a day of it because the animals are so hard to resist.

Difficulty: easy to moderate

Length of trail: 3-mile loop

Kid appeal: swimming, farm animals

Dogs: They are allowed on the trails, but if you want to visit the animals, you should leave your dog at home.

Fees: Free

Read more about Merck Forest here: Cabin Camping at Merck Forest

Hikes for Kids in South Central Vermont

Stratton Mountain Fire Tower, Stratton, Vermont

At 3,940 feet, Stratton Mountain is Southern Vermont’s tallest peak. The hike to the Stratton Fire Tower from the base of the mountain gains 1,700 feet in elevation, and is 6 miles, round trip. This is a great hike to aspire to, but it’s probably not suitable for young children, unless they are avid hikers already. Luckily, there’s a shortcut. During summer weekends, and every day during the fall foliage season, you can hop aboard the gondola at Stratton Mountain Resort. From there, it’s an easy, .7 miles to the fire tower, which provides unparalleled views in all directions.

Difficulty: easy

Length of trail: 1.4 miles round-trip

Kid appeal: gondola ride, fire tower

Dogs: No

Fees: It’s $35 for a family of up to eight people to ride up the mountain in a gondola cabin.

The Stratton Mountain Blog has a good overview if this adventure. Check out: Venture Vermont: Stratton Fire Tower Hike

Mt. Olga, Molly Stark State Park, Wilmington, Vermont

Mt. Olga is a great day hike for folks visiting Wilmington, which by the way, is one of my favorite Vermont towns. It’s a 1.8 mile loop to the top of the mountain. Older kids will appreciate that they are actually climbing a mountain, but it’s not so hard that it’s frustrating. Still, it is all up hill, so prepare yourself and your kids with an incentive for reaching the summit. We usually opt for cookies and ice tea. When my kids were little, we would read a chapter of their favorite book at the top. If you explore the summit a bit, you’ll find ruins of the defunct Hogback Ski Resort up here, which are fun to poke around.

Difficulty: moderate

Length of trail: 1.8 mile loop

Kid appeal: ruins, Fire Tower

Dogs: on leash

Fees: $4 for adults, $2 for kids

For more about exploring Wilmington, check out: The Complete Guide to Exploring Wilmington, Vermont

Little Rock Pond, Mt. Tabor, Vermont

Looking for a nice hike to a pristine mountain lake? Little Rock Pond sits just off the Appalachian / Long trail. The hike is 4 miles round-trip, but it gains just 350 feet in elevation. The lake is just far enough from civilization that it is never crowded, but close enough that it can be a nice day trip for a hike, picnic, and swim. Other hikers have seen leeches in Little Rock Pond, but I never have, and we’ve been there dozens of times. Just something to be aware of. There’s a lean-to shelter and several tent platforms set up near the lake for hikers, which also makes this hike the perfect first backpacking adventure for your family.

Difficulty: easy

Length of trail: 4 miles, round trip

Kid appeal: swimming, rock jumping, beaver activity

Dogs: yes

Fees: none, although there is a nominal fee for camping

For a trail description and directions, check out this article in the Castleton Spartan.

Hamilton Falls, Jamaica State Park, Jamaica, Vermont

Jamaica State Park is one of our favorite Vermont State Parks. It includes an awesome rail trail that hugs the West River, which is a gem for swimming. As you hike or bike this trail, you’ll find lots of secluded swimming holes. If you have little kids, I recommend sticking to the West River Rail Trail, which goes all the way to the Ball Mountain Dam. The hike to Hamilton Falls is probably the most challenging on this list. It’s 6 miles round-trip — 2 miles on the rail trail, and then a 1.1-mile climb to the base of the falls. We often shorten our trip by biking the rail trail and then locking our bikes up to a tree while we hike to the falls.

Difficulty: easy on the rail trail, but a steep climb to the falls

Length of trail: 6 miles round-trip

Kid appeal: River swimming, playground, waterfall

Dogs: on leash

Fees: $4 for adults, $2 for kids

For directions and a trail map, check out the Vermont State Parks website.

Hikes for Kids in Southeastern Vermont

Mt Ascutney State Park, Windsor, Vermont

There are several hikes up Mt. Ascutney, a beautiful monadnock overlooking the Connecticut River Valley, but if you’re hiking with small children, or you want a more relaxing day trip, you can drive right up the mountain to a summit parking area. Once at the top, the summit trails are easy and fun to explore, with incredible views, a fire tower, and a hang glider launch pad. In fact, Mt. Ascutney is one of the premier hang gliding destinations in the northeast. There are several trails criss-crossing the summit, but if you want to climb the fire tower and watch the hang gliders, I recommend taking the summit trail to the Weathersfield trail to the hang glider’s trail. The whole loop is about 2 miles.

Difficulty: moderate

Length of trail: 2-mile loop

Kid appeal: hang gliders, awesome views, fire tower

Dogs: on leash

Fees: $4 for adults, $2 for kids

Want to read more about Mt. Ascutney State Park, check out: Vermont’s Mighty Monadnock

Black Mountain, Dummerston, Vermont

At 1,280 feet, Black Mountain isn’t huge, but it is an unusual ecosystem for Southern Vermont, boasting lots of mountain laurels and blueberry bushes (ready in late July or early August), and lots of exposed granite. The views are good, but a bit obstructed by trees. When you get to the top, it pays to explore a bit for more exposed outcroppings of rocks and better views. There are two trails up the mountain, from either Rice Road or Black Mountain Road. The Rice Road trail is 1.5 miles and steep. The Black Mountain Road trail is 2.5 miles, but a more moderate climb. Choose the one most suitable for your family.

Difficulty: moderate to difficult

Length of trail: depends – see above

Kid appeal: blueberries, wildlife, good birdwatching

Dogs: no

Fees: none

Putney Mountain, Putney, Vermont

There is a whole network of trails here, maintained by Windham Hill Pinnacle Association and the Putney Mountain Association. The Putney Mountain trail is easy enough for families, provides awesome views of the Green Mountains to the west, and is one of the premier spots to watch migrating hawks in the spring and fall. Once you reach the summit, you can continue on the West Cliff Trail for a longer hike, or loop around back to your car for a total of 1.2 miles.

Difficulty: moderate

Length: 1.2 mile loop

Kid appeal: vista, hawk watch

Dogs: on leash

Fees: none

For a directions and a detailed trail map, visit Windam Hill Pinnacle Association

There are many, many trails in and around Brattleboro that I haven’t explored yet. If you have, please leave a comment. I’d love some more recommendations. Also, the Brattleboro Area Trail System has a fabulous trail map and guide for anyone who wants to explore the area. As I visit more trails in Southeastern Vermont, I will update this page.

If you’re interested in reading about our favorite hiking trails for kids in Northern Vermont, check out this post: Super Awesome Hikes for Kids in Northern Vermont

Did you enjoy this post? Please pin for later or share with your friends!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0003663-ce2b16dc3eca7cf57b4ea224320cbdb6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001361 00000000000 015441  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        About

There are many things in life that... just plain suck. Someone cuts you off in traffic, the garbage bag breaks, you spill coffee on your junk in the car or someone at work eats your lunch that you clearly labeled before placing in the fridge (that jerk).

I have found writing angry haikus to be a great way to deal with these things. Sometimes I even doodle the events. I have collected quite a few of these angry haikus over the past year. I have decided I want to share them with you so I am publishing a book.

The book is a 5x7 96 page full color semi-gloss paperback. Every haiku is handwritten and scanned to be digitally placed in the book.

EVERYONE GETS FREE SHIPPING!

Here is one spread from the book so you know what you are getting.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0003648-3f2294bbddf68926481ddf95ad0545ca.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001701 00000000000 015201  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Square Enix launches ‘Murdered’ teaser site

Square Enix teasing new PS3, Xbox 60, and PC game.

Update: This is Murdered: Soul Suspect. Find more details here.

Original Story: Square Enix is teasing something.

The publisher sent out e-mails today titled “What is the hardest case to solve?”, which contains the following image:

The e-mail comes from Square Enix Members, with a reply-to e-mail is listed as [email protected] Visit Murdered.com, and you’ll see the image atop this story, a Twitter link, and a “Legals” section. Hover your mouse over the latter, and you’ll see that whatever this is, it’s for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.

Script found within the site’s source code suggest its a new title from Eidos Interactive. That said, it’s possible this is Eidos Montreal’s new title, which our friends at Siliconera detailed back in May.

A single update on the Twitter account also shares the following image:

Stay tuned.                                                               0003737-9f5fdf51c3f1050448ab888aa552b31e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015306 00000000000 015113  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        "The drink which enables a man to magnify his joy, and his happiness."

There’s little in life better than pouring a double whiskey and sitting down to relax after a long day.

Whether you drink Scotch, rye, or bourbon, you are in the company of some of the world’s finest minds and characters. Mark Twain, Winston Churchill, and James Joyce all enjoyed a dram, and they had no reservations about speaking publicly on the subject.

To help inspire your deeper investigation of whiskey (or your next whiskey bar outing), we’ve put together a list of the romantic, funny, and even wistful things that celebrated wits, writers, politicians, and even athletes have said about their beloved booze.

Scroll down to read our favorite whiskey-related musings.

Mark Twain

In three words: Besuited American humorist

Thoughts on whiskey: “Too much of anything is bad, but too much good whiskey is barely enough.”

“Give an Irishman lager for a month, and he’s a dead man. An Irishman is lined with copper, and the beer corrodes it. But whiskey polishes the copper and is the saving of him.”

Raymond Chandler

In three words: Novelist and screenwriter

Thoughts on whiskey: “There is no bad whiskey. There are only some whiskeys that aren’t as good as others.”

Winston Churchill

In three words: British Prime Minister

Thoughts on whiskey: “The water was not fit to drink. To make it palatable, we had to add whisky. By diligent effort, I learned to like it.”

Tommy Cooper

In three words: British prop comedian

Thoughts on whiskey: “I’m on a whisky diet. I’ve lost three days already.”

Humphrey Bogart

In three words: American actor, Casablanca

Thoughts on whiskey: His last words were, “I should never have switched from Scotch to Martinis.”

Johnny Carson

In three words: Late Night host

Thoughts on whiskey: “Happiness is having a rare steak, a bottle of whisky, and a dog to eat the rare steak.”

Joel Rosenberg

In three words: American author, strategist

Thoughts on whiskey: “I’m a simple man. All I want is enough sleep for two normal men, enough whiskey for three, and enough women for four.”

Abraham Lincoln

In three words: 16th U.S. president

Thoughts on whiskey: “Tell me what brand of whiskey that Grant drinks. I would like to send a barrel of it to my other generals.”

Tug McGraw

In three words: MLB relief pitcher

Thoughts on whiskey: “Ninety percent I’ll spend on good times, women, and Irish Whiskey. The other ten percent I’ll probably waste.”

Alexander Fleming

In three words: Scottish inventor, penicillin

Thoughts on whiskey: “A good gulp of hot whiskey at bedtime—it’s not very scientific, but it helps.”

Errol Flynn

In three words: Swashbuckling movie star

Thoughts on whiskey: “I like my whisky old and my women young.”

Compton MacKenzie

In three words: Proud Scotsman, writer

Thoughts on whiskey: “Love makes the world go round? Not at all. Whiskey makes it go round twice as fast.”

Nguyen Cao Ky

In three words: Vietnamese political leader

Thoughts on whiskey: “Americans are big boys. You can talk them into almost anything. Just sit with them for half an hour over a bottle of whiskey and be a nice guy.”

Ava Gardner

In three words: Glamorous movie star

Thoughts on whiskey: ‎”I wish to live to 150 years old, but the day I die, I wish it to be with a cigarette in one hand and a glass of whiskey in the other.”

Haruki Murakami

In three words: Japanese bestselling author

Thoughts on whiskey: “Whiskey, like a beautiful woman, demands appreciation. You gaze first, then it’s time to drink.”

George Bernard Shaw

In three words: Irish playwright, Pygmalion

Thoughts on whiskey: “Whisky is liquid sunshine.”

W.C. Fields

In three words: American funnyman, actor

Thoughts on whiskey: “Always carry a flagon of whiskey in case of snakebite and furthermore always carry a small snake.”

“Drown in a cold vat of whiskey? Death, where is thy sting?”

Andrew Jackson

In three words: Wild 7th president

Thoughts on whiskey: “I have never in my life seen a Kentuckian who didn’t have a gun, a pack of cards, and a jug of whiskey.”

William Faulkner

In three words: Celebrated Southern author

Thoughts on whiskey: “My own experience has been that the tools I need for my trade are paper, tobacco, food, and a little whisky.”

James Joyce

In three words: Dubliners and Ulysses

Thoughts on whiskey: “The light music of whiskey falling into a glass—an agreeable interlude.”

Igor Stravinsky

In three words: Russian pianist, composer

Thoughts on whiskey: “My God, so much I like to drink Scotch that sometimes I think my name is Igor Stra-whiskey.”

Noah “Soggy” Sweat

In three words: Southern legislator, judge

Thoughts on whiskey: Sweat gave his famous “If-by-whiskey” speech to the Mississippi legislature in 1953. Author John Grisham’s reading begins at 5:04 in the clip below.

“I had not intended to discuss this controversial subject at this particular time. However, I want you to know that I do not shun controversy. On the contrary, I will take a stand on any issue at any time, regardless of how fraught with controversy it might be. You have asked me how I feel about whiskey. All right, here is how I feel about whiskey.

If when you say whiskey you mean the devil’s brew, the poison scourge, the bloody monster, that defiles innocence, dethrones reason, destroys the home, creates misery and poverty, yea, literally takes the bread from the mouths of little children; if you mean the evil drink that topples the Christian man and woman from the pinnacle of righteous, gracious living into the bottomless pit of degradation, and despair, and shame and helplessness, and hopelessness, then certainly I am against it.

But; If when you say whiskey you mean the oil of conversation, the philosophic wine, the ale that is consumed when good fellows get together, that puts a song in their hearts and laughter on their lips, and the warm glow of contentment in their eyes; if you mean Christmas cheer; if you mean the stimulating drink that puts the spring in the old gentleman’s step on a frosty, crispy morning; if you mean the drink which enables a man to magnify his joy, and his happiness, and to forget, if only for a little while, life’s great tragedies, and heartaches, and sorrows; if you mean that drink, the sale of which pours into our treasuries untold millions of dollars, which are used to provide tender care for our little crippled children, our blind, our deaf, our dumb, our pitiful aged and infirm; to build highways and hospitals and schools, then certainly I am for it.

This is my stand. I will not retreat from it. I will not compromise.”

RELATED: How to Make Your Own Fireball Whiskey

[via Whisky Recommender, Goodreads]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003634-77f7437373dd97dc2df007170bb644ca.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001753 00000000000 015036  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Identity Alaska, a nonprofit LGBT advocacy group, turns 40 years old in 2017. Identity organizes Anchorage's Pride Festival, which is capped off each year with the equality parade, an event that has grown from a handful of people in the late 1970s to over 10,000 participants in 2016.

"Forty years ago LGBT Alaskans marched down the street with bags over their heads," said Anchorage Assembly member Christopher Constant. "Today we marched with two openly gay elected officials as the grand marshals."

Constant and fellow assembly member Felix Rivera were elected in early 2016, becoming Anchorage's first openly gay elected officials.

"This is bigger than the parade," said Constant. "This whole week has been an adventure. All week I've been talking to people, and they are scared. They're scared about what's going to happen to their health care, scared about the state budget. So it's been nice to be a ray of light, and to report that we are making progress. And to be the evidence of progress."                     0003541-12d9e01e4b7da1c8966c66f6bc764e42.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013022 00000000000 015107  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Are Planets Like Proxima b Water Worlds?

Those of us fascinated by dim red stars find these to be exhilarating days indeed. The buzz over Proxima b continues, as well it should, given the fact that this provocative planet orbits the nearest star. We also have detections like the three small planets around TRAPPIST-1, another red dwarf that is just under 40 light years out in the constellation Aquarius. These are small stars indeed, just 8 percent the mass of the Sun in the case of the latter, while Proxima Centauri is about 10 times less massive (and 500 times less luminous) than the Sun.

But just what might we find on planets like these? A new paper from Yann Alibert and Willy Benz (University of Bern) drills down into their composition. The researchers’ goal is to study planet formation, with a focus on planets orbiting within 0.1 AU, a range that includes the habitable zone for such stars. While a forthcoming paper will look at the formation process of these planets in greater detail, the present work studies planetary mass, radius, period and water content.

To do this, Alibert and Benz have developed computer simulations that model red dwarf planetary systems, assuming a central star with a tenth the mass of the Sun and a protoplanetary disk around each modeled star. Putting the model into motion, the scientists studied a series ranging from a few hundred to thousands of such stars, with 10 planetary embryos in each disk — each embryo was modeled as having an initial mass equal to that of the Moon, and the initial location of each planetary embryo was drawn at random.

The results, according to Alibert:

“Our models succeed in reproducing planets that are similar in terms of mass and period to the ones observed recently. Interestingly, we find that planets in close-in orbits around these type of stars are of small sizes. Typically, they range between 0.5 and 1.5 Earth radii with a peak at about 1.0 Earth radius. Future discoveries will tell if we are correct!”

Image: Artist’s impression of Earth-sized planets orbiting a red dwarf star. Credit: @ NASA, ESA, and G.Bacon (STScI).

The most striking aspect of this work is likely to be Alibert and Benz’ findings on the water content of small planets in the habitable zone. The amount of water is found to depend upon the location at which the planet has accreted planetesimals, their composition being dictated by the thermal structure of the disk and the location of the snowline, which varies depending on disk mass. Note this: A significant fraction of the planets modeled show more than 10 percent water. Contrast this with the Earth, whose fraction of water is roughly 0.02%.

The study shows a correlation between the mass of a planet and the water fraction, with planets that do not contain a high degree of water being lower in mass (generally below one Earth mass), while planets totally devoid of water are all less massive than one Earth mass. Alibert and Benz see this as the result of migration, with more massive planets migrating from further out in the system, thus collecting water-rich material from beyond the snowline.

Water may be a key to habitability, and the ‘habitable zone’ is defined as the zone in which liquid water can exist on the surface. But water to the extent of deep global oceans is problematic. A large enough water layer can produce high pressure ice at the bottom, preventing the carbonate-silicate cycle that regulates surface temperature over long timescales from operating. Without this mechanism, atmospheric CO 2 cannot cycle through the weathering of rocks on the Earth’s surface and the eventual subduction of calcium carbonate. High temperatures and pressures eventually return CO 2 to the atmosphere by processes like volcanism, regulating global temperatures.

We don’t know how much of a factor the loss of this process might be on planets around red dwarf stars, as the paper takes pains to note:

In the case of low mass stars, which evolve on much longer timescales, this may not be a major problem, as the stellar flux varies on timescales much longer than in the case of the Sun. In this situation, a process that stabilizes the surface temperature may not be necessary. The second reason [why large amounts of water may be detrimental for habitability] is connected to the fact that for planets with too much water an unstable CO 2 cycle destabilizes the climate making habitability more challenging… Again, this was demonstrated for solar-type stars and a similar process may or may not exist for low mass stars.

So we have a computer model that produces planets similar in mass and radius to the interesting worlds we’re finding around some nearby red dwarfs, with a peak in the distribution of radius at about one Earth radius. The authors argue that the properties of the disk potentially correlate with the mass of the star, thus determining the water content of emerging planets. Deep oceans on planets in the habitable zone of red dwarfs may be the norm, in which case we need to know a great deal more about climate on such exotic worlds.

…our models show that the properties of the disk and their potential correlation with the mass of the star are the most important parameters determining the characteristics, in particular the water content, of the emerging planet population. In this context, observational constraints on mass and lifetime of discs in orbit of low-mass stars become of paramount importance.

The paper is Alibert and Benz, “Formation and composition of planets around very low mass stars,” accepted at Astronomy & Astrophysics (preprint).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0003490-91a77076d5d8341301c10dd79c0fefaf.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010425 00000000000 015102  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        SINCE leading his Liberal Party back to power in Canada last October, Justin Trudeau has been profiled in such glossy magazines as Vanity Fair and Vogue; Hello’s photo spread featured his wife and children. On March 10th he will sit down with Barack Obama at a state dinner in the White House, the first for a Canadian leader in 19 years. “I can’t think of a Canadian politician who has attracted as much attention in the United States,” says Laura Dawson of the Canada Institute at the Woodrow Wilson Centre in Washington.

Mr Trudeau owes his celebrity to more than glamour. He succeeds Stephen Harper, a prickly Conservative, who in ten years as prime minister conducted an ideologically charged foreign policy at odds with Canada’s multilateralist traditions. His relationship with the United States, by far Canada’s most important, was tense. Mr Trudeau replaces a scowl with a smile. He personally greeted some of the 25,000 Syrian refugees Canada agreed to admit. Such gestures have helped bring back to life the Trudeaumania inspired by the prime minister’s father, Pierre Trudeau, a dashing Canadian leader of the 1960s, 70s and 80s. “But how,” Ms Dawson wonders, “do we translate celebrity into influence?”

Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.

Mr Trudeau’s answer: by returning to Canada’s diplomatic traditions. It is the world’s tenth-largest economy; as a military power, it counts for less. It has historically sought to increase its modest clout by working through international bodies such as the UN and the Commonwealth. Mr Harper spurned them as talking shops for despotic regimes. He refused to support a global accord on climate change (or introduce a credible policy in Canada).

Co-operation is back in, says Stéphane Dion, the new foreign minister. His “mandate letter” from Mr Trudeau directs him to resume working through the UN. Mr Trudeau signed the global climate agreement reached in Paris in December. He was due to meet Canada’s 13 provincial and territorial leaders on March 3rd to talk about a national climate strategy and may announce a climate initiative with Mr Obama.

The prime minister intends to re-establish diplomatic relations with Iran and to revive Canada’s relationship with Mexico, its partner, along with the United States, in the North American Free-Trade Agreement. He promised to lift visa restrictions on Mexicans, imposed in 2009 to stem an influx of asylum-seekers and an irritant ever since.

He is not rolling back all Mr Harper’s policies. Canada is likely to ratify the free-trade agreement with the European Union, which Mr Harper negotiated. It may also join the Trans-Pacific Partnership among a dozen Asian and American countries. “We should not change everything,” said Mr Dion in a recent speech.

If Mr Trudeau just gets along with Mr Obama, that will be a significant change. The two sporty leaders have engaged in pre-prandial raillery about which country’s ice-hockey teams are better. Mr Obama has taken with equanimity Mr Trudeau’s decision to withdraw Canada’s six fighter planes from the United States-led fight against Islamic State; Canada is increasing humanitarian aid and the number of troops advising Iraqi Kurds instead. The Keystone XL pipeline to carry crude from Alberta to the southern United States, greatly desired by Mr Harper but vetoed by Mr Obama, is unlikely to figure much in the dinner-table conversation.

That leaves trade and tax. The United States is the market for three-quarters of Canada’s goods exports and the source of two-thirds of its imports, but commerce could flow more freely than it does. The “beyond the border” agenda is supposed to accomplish that but has hit a snag: a disagreement over what law will apply to United States officials stationed in Canada to pre-clear goods for import. A row over Canadian softwood lumber, which the United States says is subsidised, could get worse. Canada objects to a United States law that obliges its banks to hand over information about accounts held by expatriates (see article).

But the main threat to Canadian-American relations will not come from anything the two leaders feasting in the White House might do. It comes from the loud-mouthed property mogul who aspires to be the building’s next occupant.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0003671-3d07c69b329c0136ed6a911c1db41ca2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000033473 00000000000 015072  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        It’s politics when a candidate disparages “the media.” But it’s potentially dangerous when the commander in chief tells U.S. troops not to trust the reporters who cover them.

If you’re a soldier — say, an elite U.S. special operator at U.S. Central Command headquarters, maybe with some battle buddies from U.S. Special Operations Command and Joint Special Operations Command — answer me this: When your commanding general tells you that the reporters covering your work are important and he makes a public effort to engage, educate, bring them along to war zones and build trust with the press corps, but your commander-in-chief says those same reporters are “dishonest,” and accuses them of purposefully ignoring terrorism (and by extension ignoring your hard, life-sacrificing work to fight terrorism) for some wink-and-nod agenda of their own, whom should you believe?

The media — that’s me, hi — is accustomed to being a punching bag for politicians. Most of us wear their complaints like combat badges. One of my earliest mentors, Mark Feldstein, an award-winning former CNN and ABC News reporter who runs the broadcast journalism program at the University of Maryland, has this in the second line of his biography: “On assignment, he was beaten up, subpoenaed, and sued in the US; detained and censored by government authorities in Egypt; and escorted out of the country under armed guard in Haiti.”

When Donald Trump talked about the “dishonest media” on the campaign trail, I didn’t speak up much because a) we’re taught that we journalists are not the story, and b) it was just politics. Even by inauguration day, the new president’s quip was just an annoyance.

But when the newly minted commander-in-chief said it at CIA headquarters, it began to get worrying. And something changed for good on Monday when Trump traveled to Tampa. For the first time, he stood in front of CENTCOM commander Gen. Joseph Votel and SOCOM commander Gen. Tony Thomas — perhaps the two most important generals in the U.S. military today — and their teams. On camera, Trump praised the forces for fighting secret missions every day, and pledged to give them all the equipment and support they need to turn back the spreading threat of terrorism. Then he said this: “It’s gotten to a point where it’s not even being reported and, in many cases, the very, very dishonest press doesn’t want to report it. They have their reasons and you understand that.” Wink. Nod.

With respect, sir, that’s not true. And I hope the men, women, officers, civilians, and whomever else was in that room don’t believe it. I certainly don’t think Gen. Votel does.

The defense/military/national security press corps is in many ways a different breed of journalists, with a different — and I’ll argue, heavier — burden of responsibilities. We cover war. We must inform the public, but we also must be careful not to get anyone killed. And military commanders and grunts alike remind us of that.

Last year, special operations leaders bristled that some reporting used names, units, and mission details that revealed identities and other sensitivities putting elite U.S. troops at risk. Gen. Thomas, at a March 2016 press briefing in Tampa the day he took command of SOCOM, said, “I’d offer while our operations are necessarily secret, we are absolutely committed to the accountability we have to the American people and the president of the United States. So there’s a balance there, and certainly the American public have a need to know what we’re doing and that we’re doing it in the right way, and consistent with American values. So we accept that that’s a challenge in terms of information, but as Gen. Votel mentioned, I think where we do have concerns is where it starts to imperil the tactics and techniques that we employ, and more importantly, the people involved. We’ve had a rash of true-name disclosures here recently, which I don’t see serving any purpose other than to put those people in jeopardy.”

Neither do I. During that period, sources told me they were angry at the offending reporter and all reporters, and I don’t blame them. At the same press briefing where Thomas and Votel acknowledged the importance of the public’s right to know, I hurt my own case for trust. Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford was upset that I asked him a question about then-candidate Trump’s comment that NATO was “obsolete.” Dunford didn’t want to be pitted against his potential future commander in chief, rightfully. I didn’t realize Dunford was unaware I was asking him about Trump. It was a costly miscommunication. The chairman and his staff lodged his complaint, I responded, we talked, and moved on to do our jobs.

The U.S. military works with hundreds of reporters from global TV networks to niche magazines and bloggers doing their jobs every day. In our jobs, we interview American and foreign allied troops on their way to die and we talk to their mothers when they return home in caskets. We travel with and talk to the experienced Joint Chiefs and the newest Marines out of boot camp. We fly onto aircraft carriers and into forward operating bases, and then to bespoke-suited NATO meetings of top European defense ministers — often in the same week. Generals, admirals, and service secretaries trust us enough to take us into dangerous places where there are secrecy rules to keep us all safe. They give us briefings and speak to us, often privately, to make sure we are getting the story right or that they are at least getting their version of the story heard. Some of us have been shot at, blown up, and killed, alongside the servicemen and -women we are covering, and some are still going back into the war zones to keep reporting. They have earned the respect and admiration of troops of all ranks.

Not everyone is a war reporter, but most of those who report on the military understand the magnitude of our profession and the importance of the people we’re covering. The truth matters, whether we’re trying to understand what went wrong with an operation like the recent Yemen raid, or whether taxpayer dollars are being spent wisely on hundred-billion-dollar F-35 fighters. It matters, whether the topic is why appointed officials decide to deploy American troops into Iraq and Syria, what generals and admirals think of their adversaries in Iran or China, whether they are, in fact, taking care of the troops and their families from the day they enlist to the day they die as veterans, through adequate pay and benefits. This is a serious calling with serious repercussions.

Journalists arriving on this beat find it takes a few years of source-building and practice just to get to know the enormous military, much less earn the kind of trust that leads senior leaders to talk to the public through your pen or camera when the news really hits.

The door swings both ways. As junior commanders become senior commanders, they learn to interact with reporters, building relationships and even friendships with them. It’s true for base commanders in small towns or division commanders in desert war zones. That’s why there are thousands of U.S. troops who serve in the military as public affairs officers. Veteran reporters have seen all types come up through the ranks. There are the media-friendly ones who “get it” and work with us (or use us) to their benefit and the public’s, and then there are those who come in (understandably) wary of the press and skeptical that any interaction could possibly be to their benefit. Some are just not comfortable with cameras or talking out of line with their civilian leadership, as they’re trained.

They (and Trump) inherited Obama’s war, which remains a largely secretive fight using elite special operators, intelligence officers, and private military contractors working an insane operational tempo. What was meant to be a way to keep the U.S. out of a large ground war became a perpetual secret mission. Few Americans know the extent of U.S. military and special operations intervention in that region stretching from Nigeria to Yemen and Syria. Except in this war, YouTube gets a vote. American forces are showing up on social media and foreign press more than they want. The entire war on terrorism is challenging the idea that every SOF warrior is a silent warrior when the mission is right there on TV for all to see, or veteran SEALs write tell-all books or open their mouths. It’s just not reality.

Votel and Thomas said they want a better result with minimal risk. So do we. Nobody wants a Geraldo Rivera moment, drawing troops movements in the sand on live TV. Everyone wants to tell a better story.

Trump, with one backhanded comment, endangered both the journalists and military leaders trying to build trust with one another. The next time a reporter hops on the back of a V-22 Osprey to a downrange base, what will the Marines on that flight be thinking? The next time a Special Forces soldier ends up in a firefight with a reporter in tow, what will that reporter be thinking? The next time an Abu Ghraib or My Lai incident occurs, will either side find the courage to trust each other to tell the uncomfortable truths that must be told?

Trump uses the “dishonest media” line to his advantage well, as a candidate and political party leader. But as commander-in-chief to soldiers from age 18 on up, his words become marching orders. I hope they’ll be taken in context with what some other military leaders have said about the importance of the press to their missions and to democracy.

The day after Trump spoke in Tampa, Gen. David Goldfein, chief of staff and top general of the Air Force, met with defense reporters at a regular breakfast roundtable in Washington. The first words out of his mouth were, “Well, first of all, let me just say thanks a lot for not only spending some time with me this morning talking about our Air Force, but also thanks honestly for what each of you do as well every day.”

When the New York Times’ Michael Gordon asked the general for his comments on Trump’s “dishonest” line and support from military voters, Goldfein said, “Yes, you know, this is a great opportunity, I think, just to step back and remind ourselves and the American people the oath we take as members of the military, the oath we take and we retake every time we are promoted, to support and defend the Constitution and the laws of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic. We actually don’t, by design, pledge support to any particular party or any particular leader.”

“So, I won’t comment particularly on the president’s comments, but just that is the way I see my responsibility.”

Here’s what two other defense leaders have said about the media:

Gen. Martin Dempsey, former Joint Chiefs Chairman, at the National Press Club in 2012, said: “Yours is a profession I respect, just as I know you respect my profession, the profession of arms. I’m sure you would agree that our professions are both built on trust — trust that has to be earned over time through the forging of relationships.”

Defense Secretary Leon Panetta, in 2013, at his final briefing as defense secretary, said: “What I wanted to do was to come down and use this opportunity to, first of all, thank you all, all of you that are part of the press corps here and the press in general. Throughout my 50 years in public service, I have always believed — believed very deeply in the role of the press, because I believe deeply in the role of the American people in our democracy. Information is a key to an informed electorate. And while we may or may not agree with every story, in the grand scheme of things, because of the work of the press, I believe the truth always comes out.”

But I’ll leave the final word to Defense Secretary Robert Gates, who in his final briefing in June 2011, said:

“But since this will be my final press conference as secretary of defense, I would actually like to take this opportunity to say a few words to the Pentagon press corps. And don’t worry — it’s all good. These past few weeks have truly been the long goodbye, particularly for the traveling press, so I’ll keep it short.

Even though I had held senior jobs in the U.S. government and was president of a major university, before becoming secretary of defense, I had never had sustained a regular on-the-record interaction with the news media. When I first took office, I worried that relations between the Pentagon, the military and the press, while always difficult, were mostly characterized by mutual suspicion and resentment. So I made it a point when speaking to military officers, from cadets to generals, to remind them that a vigorous, inquisitive and even skeptical press was a critically important guarantor of the — of freedom under the Constitution and not to be treated as the enemy.

I gained even more of an appreciation for the important accountability role of the press early in my tenure when newspaper reports exposed two glaring bureaucratic shortcomings, in the outpatient treatment of wounded warriors at Walter Reed and resistance to purchasing life-saving MRAPs for troops downrange. Responding to both of these critical issues, which only came to my attention through the media, became my top priority and two of my earliest and most significant management decisions.

Over the past four and a half years, I have not always liked what I read, and like anyone else in government, I hate leaks, maybe more than most. But I have great respect for your role as a watchdog on behalf of the American people and as a means for me to learn of problems that the building was not telling me about.

I know we don’t always make it easy to do your jobs here. Gaining timely and usable information out of the bureaucracy and their gatekeepers is always a challenge, a challenge that I’ve shared with you on occasion. So thanks again for your professionalism, tough questions and hard work.”                                                                                                                                                                                                     0003646-3615505e114b92a9b114a960e1755977.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002475 00000000000 014456  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        animals mate so that they can procreate and that's it.

Anyone who has actually spent time around animals other than cats or dogs knows this is not true. Monkeys, horses, and dolphins all masturbate, and there are many species of animals that do have sex for reasons other than procreating.

It's possible to raise and kill an animal humanely

True, but the vast majority of food animals are not kept humanely. Surely people are outraged over this, but I rarely see a level of outrage comparable to certain posters in this thread over having sex with them.

And it's not just killing and eating them which animals do not consent to. Animals do not consent to a great number of things, such as being kept in kennels, having their ears and tails docked, or being trained for risky jobs and dying in the line of duty (bomb dogs, police dogs etc) when the animal has absolutely no comprehension of the danger they are being put into for the benefit of humans.

It's not possible to have sex with an animal humanely

Can you explain further? Male dogs and horses will willingly mount females outside of their species, and I'm not just talking about humans either. How does it harm the animal?

Furthermore I'd be interested to know if you or anyone else thinks jacking off a horse into an artificial vagina is rape? Did the horse consent to that?                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003603-f0757dec12c504b6fbf0b4e5b0e12422.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012135 00000000000 015134  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        

Searchers often prefer the view-all vs. paginated content with arbitrary page breaks and worse latency.

If your site includes view-all pages



We aim to detect the view-all version of your content and, if available, its associated component pages. There’s nothing more you need to do! However, if you’d like to make it more explicit to us, you can include rel=”canonical” from your component pages to your view-all to increase the likelihood that we detect your series of pages appropriately.





rel=”canonical” can specify the superset of content (i.e. the view-all page, in this case page-all.html) from the same information in a series of URLs.

Why does this work?

If you’d like to surface individual, component pages (or there’s no view-all available)



It may be the case that one or both of the situations below apply to your site:



The view-all page is undesirable as a search result (e.g., load time too high or too difficult for users to navigate).

Your users prefer the multi-page experience and to be directed to a component page in search results, rather than the view-all page.

If so, you can use standard HTML rel=”next” and rel=”prev” elements to specify a relationship between the component pages in your series of content. If done correctly, Google will generally strive to:



Consolidate indexing properties, such as links, between the component pages/URLs.

Send users to the most relevant page/URL from the component pages. Typically, the most relevant page is the first page of your content, but our algorithms may point users to one of the component pages in the series.

To better optimize your view-all page, you can use rel=”canonical” from component pages to the single-page version; otherwise, If a view-all page doesn’t provide a good user experience for your site, you can use the rel=”next” and rel=”prev” attributes as a strong hint for Google to identify the series of pages and still surface a component page in results.

Webmaster level: Intermediate to AdvancedUser testing has taught us that searchers much prefer the view-all, single-page version of content over a component page containing only a portion of the same information with arbitrary page breaks (which cause the user to click “next” and load another URL).Therefore, to improve the user experience, when we detect that a content series (e.g. page-1.html, page-2.html, etc.) also contains a single-page version (e.g. page-all.html), we’re now making a larger effort to return the single-page version in search results. If your site has a view-all option, there’s nothing you need to do; we’ll work to do it on your behalf. Also, indexing properties, like links, will be consolidated from the component pages in the series to the view-all page.Interestingly, the cases when users didn’t prefer the view-all page were correlated with high latency (e.g., when the view-all page took a while to load, say, because it contained many images). This makes sense because we know users are less satisfied with slow results . So while a view-all page is commonly desired, as a webmaster it’s important to balance this preference with the page’s load time and overall user experience.In the diagram, page-2.html of a series may specify the canonical target as page-all.html because page-all.html is a superset of page-2.html's content. When a user searches for a query term and page-all.html is selected in search results, even if the query most related to page-2.html, we know the user will still see page-2.html’s relevant information within page-all.html.On the other hand, page-2.html shouldn’t designate page-1.html as the canonical because page-2.html’s content isn’t included on page-1.html. It’s possible that a user’s search query is relevant to content on page-2.html, but if page-2.html’s canonical is set to page-1.html, the user could then select page-1.html in search results and find herself in a position where she has to further navigate to a different page to arrive at the desired information. That’s a poor experience for the user, a suboptimal result from us, and it could also bring poorly targeted traffic to your site.However, if you strongly desire your view-all page not to appear in search results: 1) make sure the component pages in the series don’t include rel=”canonical” to the view-all page, and 2) mark the view-all page as “noindex” using any of the standard methods.It’s not uncommon for webmasters to incorrectly use rel=”canonical” from component pages to the first page of their series (e.g. page-2.html with rel=”canonical” to page-1.html). We recommend against this implementation because the component pages don’t actually contain duplicate content. Using rel=”next” and rel=”prev” is far more appropriate.Because users generally prefer the view-all option in search results, we’re making more of an effort to properly detect and serve this version to searchers. If you have a series of content, there’s nothing more you need to do. If you’d like to hint more to Google how best to serve users your information:As always, feel free to ask in our Webmaster Help Forum                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003695-6bd8e641a3283e73b52b782a1c2bdcbf.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002622 00000000000 015243  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account

Tesco will scrap the sale of 5p bags in three weeks’ time, replacing single use carriers with 10p 'Bags for Life'.

The supermarket giant has sold over 700 million carrier bags a year since a 5p charge was introduced in 2015.

The fee lowered bag sales by 1.5 billion over two years but Tesco will stop selling them all together from August 28 in favour of reusable versions.

The decision comes following a 10-week trial at stores in Aberdeen, Dundee and Norwich.

Bag sales dropped by 25 per cent in these stores since the introduction of the scheme, Tesco bosses said.

Single use carriers will still be available to online shoppers alongside a bagless delivery option.

Profits raised from the 10p Bag for Life will fund community schemes across the UK.

Matt Davies, UK and ROI CEO at Tesco, said: “The number of bags being bought by our customers has already reduced dramatically.

"Today’s move will help our customers use even fewer bags but ensure that those sold in our stores continue to fund thousands of community projects across the country chosen by customers.

"It’s the right thing to do for the environment and for local communities.”

Click here for Tesco Direct discount codes                                                                                                              0003733-2338ec0d9d491db5337c7bbc214e962e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006115 00000000000 015107  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The rift between President Obama and FBI Director James B. Comey over the impact of the Black Lives Matter movement deepened Thursday, with the White House again disputing Mr. Comey’s assertion that it’s the cause of spiking crime in major cities.

“We just need to make sure that our policy approach to addressing this situation is rooted in evidence and facts,” said White House press secretary Josh Earnest. “It’s clear that we don’t have enough evidence at this point.”

For the second time in recent months, Mr. Comey said Wednesday that he believes a spike in violent crime in many cities may be due to officers’ fears of appearing on Internet videos confronting suspects. He told reporters that a “viral video effect” is leading to less aggressive policing that “could well be at the heart” of an increase in murders in many cities.

“There’s a perception that police are less likely to do the marginal additional policing that suppresses crime — the getting out of your car at two in the morning and saying to a group of guys, ‘Hey, what are you doing here?’” Mr. Comey said.

Although violent crime rates nationwide are near historic lows, a surge in more than 40 big cities is causing concern across government agencies trying to understand and respond. Crime rates have risen in those cities in the first three months of 2016, according to a briefing the FBI director received on Wednesday.

He said two cities that stood out especially in the latest tallies were Las Vegas and Chicago. In Chicago murders are up 54 percent and shootings up 70 percent over the same period last year.

“I don’t know what the answer is, but holy cow do we have a problem,” he said. “It’s a complicated, hard issue, but the stakes couldn’t be higher. A whole lot of people are dying.”

Last fall, Mr. Comey referred to the trend as “the Ferguson effect,” a reference to the Missouri city where a white officer shot unarmed black teen Michael Brown, sparking the Black Lives Matter movement, with which the president has expressed support.

Mr. Earnest said Mr. Obama last year directed the Justice Department to work with communities affected by the surge in violent crime, resulting in a program to capture more violent fugitives.

“That six-week initiative resulted in the arrest of more than 8,000 gang members, sex offenders and other violent criminals,” Mr. Earnest said. “That is an indication of the important role that federal law enforcement can play in supporting the work of local law enforcement in these communities.”

But he said Mr. Comey really doesn’t know the reasons for the surge in urban crime.

“The FBI director actually made clear that he didn’t know exactly what was going on either,” Mr. Earnest said. “The president’s point is we need to make policy decisions that are based on facts and evidence and not anecdotes. There is still no evidence to substantiate the claim that the increase in violent crime is related to an unwillingness of police officers to do their job.”

Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003698-b726dd54ac788e89027fddeb564847c5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000023075 00000000000 015156  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Update: It seems that the UNFCCC background page referred to below has changed and the link no longer works – see table of contents.

A response from Justin Wood, writing to me from Australia after my previous post (cited with permission below), has prompted me to write a follow-up on the story of the greenhouse effect (GHE).

I wonder if you’ve seen this terrible description of the greenhouse effect on a UNFCCC background page? http://unfccc.int/essential_background/feeling_the_heat/items/2903.php

It actually says that incoming solar energy is ‘reflected’ by the planet’s surface ‘in the form of a calmer, more slow-moving type of energy called infrared radiation. … Infrared radiation is carried slowly aloft by air currents, and its eventual escape into space is delayed by greenhouse gases’ (emphasis added). Given your recent excellent explanation of the real physics on RC, I thought you might be interested! It’s downright disturbing that this silliness comes from such an important source; and I’ve found it repeated all over the place. (On that RC post, I would humbly suggest that the section on stratospheric cooling could helpfully be expanded to make that clearer?)

I won’t discuss the stratospheric cooling now, but rather try to place recent events (including floods in Niger), which involve the hydrological cycle and atmospheric circulation, into the framework from my previous post ‘A simple recipe for GHE‘.

Again, it can be useful to stop and contemplate whether a simple conceptual framework can provide greater understanding of climate model predictions and the observations we make on the climate system. I think that there are not too many simple descriptions, as Wood pointed out, that are convincing in terms of physics.

Can we use such simple conceptual explanations for events such as the recent spate of extreme rainfall and heat waves then? I want to stress, as we did when discussing tropical cyclones, that single events do not constitute evidence of a climate change. Since climate can be defined as ‘typical weather pattern’ (or weather statistics), then climate change can be that extremes become more or less typical, and such change must start with a few events. This touches the difference between weather and climate, and each of these events can be considered as weather. But there is a connection between these weather events and results obtained from climate models.

There are fascinating as well as disconcerting sides to the fact that global climate models reported in the IPCC AR4 suggest warming in the upper troposphere in the tropics (Figure 1 below). I regard these traits as important clues that may help unveil the secrets of the troposphere; The key into this mystery involves energy conservation, planetary energy balance, and the planetary energy input taking place at its surface while its heat loss mainly occurs at higher levels, as discussed in ‘A simple recipe for GHE‘.

This story is about surface fluxes, a fuzzy connection between energy flow and circulation of water, and physical constraints pin-pointing the solutions. In other words, the hydrological cycle associated with moisture transport is tied to the energy flow associated with moist convection.

Another simple mental picture

I will yet again try to present a simplified physical picture: Our climate includes energy transport both from the equatorial region to the poles as well as a vertical flow from the surface to the height from which it can escape freely into outer space. The story behind mid-to-upper tropospheric warming strongly involves the vertical energy flow, which will be the focus of the discussion. In very simple terms, the laws of physics say there has to be a flow of energy from the planet’s surface, where energy is deposited, to the heights from where the heat loss takes place (see schematic below).

The vertical energy flow can take several forms: radiative, latent, and sensible heat. The radiative energy transfer has a character of diffusion (photon diffusion), and the more opaque the atmosphere, due to increased GHG concentrations, the slower the effective radiative energy transfer. A similar situation is believed to take place in the outer layer of the Sun, in the opaque convective zone, where convection is the main mode of energy transfer (which by the way subsequently play a role in solar activity).

If this were the whole story, then an increase in GHG concentrations would imply a deficit between the rate of energy gained at the surface and heat loss from the upper atmosphere due to hypothetically lowered energy transfer between the two levels: The emission temperature would decline as a result of net heat loss high up, and surface temperature would increase as a result of net gain in energy on the ground.

One consequence of a deficit in the vertical energy flow would be different heating and cooling rates at different heights that subsequently would alter the atmosphere’s vertical structure (lapse rate). The planetary heat loss would drop if the emission temperature were to drop, and the planet would no longer be in energy balance, resulting in energy accumulation. However, planets will eventually reach new equilibrium states where the heat-loss balances the energy input.

Other forms for heat flow between the two levels are expected to compensate for the reduction in radiative energy transfer (despite greater temperature differences) if the planetary energy input and heat loss are to balance. One such candidate is convection, carrying both latent and sensible heat and where the energy transfer takes place in form of heat-carrying vertical motion. Indeed, warming below and cooling aloft give rise to more unstable conditions that favours convection.

Higher temperatures near the surface also cause increased evaporation according to a physical law known as ‘the Clapeyron-Clausius equation‘. Evaporation requires energy so that heat, which otherwise would go to increase temperatures, is instead used to transform water to water vapour (phase change). Differences in the molecular weights of N 2 and H 2 O means that moist air is lighter than dry air. Thus, increased evaporation favours convection, which transports both energy – as sensible (higher temperature) and latent (vapour) heat – and moisture. This is seen occurring naturally, especially in association with warm ocean surface in connection with the El Nino Southern Oscillation. Convection can therefore compensate for reduced radiative transfer if its mean vertical extent reaches the height of the planetary heat loss. Convection also is one of the factors that determines the thickness of the tropopause (Wikipedia on Troposphere: “The word troposphere derives from the Greek: tropos for “turning” or “mixing,” reflecting the fact that turbulent mixing plays an important role in the troposphere’s structure and behavior.”).

Moist convection results in cloud formation: water vapour condenses and form cloud drops. The condensation releases heat and hence increase the temperatures, which subsequently has an effect on the black body radiation. Hence, cloud formation plays a crucial role for the planetary heat loss – in addition to affecting the planetary albedo.

The reason why Figure 9.1 in IPCC AR4 is disconcerting is that the temperature anomaly in the upper tropical atmosphere bears the signature of increased moist convective activity, which means that the hydrological cycle probably gets perturbed by increased GHG forcings, hence affecting rainfall patterns.

There have been some misunderstanding regarding the enhanced warming in the upper troposphere – mistakenly taken as being inconsistent with the climate models, or taken as the “finger print” of GHE, rather than as a plausible consequence predicted for an enhanced GHE due to the perturbation of the hydrological cycle (the “finger print”-misconception assumes that the models are perfect).

Changes in the convective activity also have other repercussions. Air just doesn’t pile up, but if is rises in some places, it means that there is sinking air elsewhere. A typical example of this is the Hadley cell, where the circulation involves rising air near equator associated with low sea level pressure and downward motion poleward of this region – an arid region known as the subtropics with high sea level pressure. A change in convection on a planetary scale, due to compensating a reduction in the vertical radiative energy transport, hence may have a bearing on drought and flooding events – and this is what the global climate models seem to suggest. If a shift in the hydrological cycle were to lower the response in the global mean temperature, there may be a poisonous sting in such a negative feedback: changes in the precipitation patterns.

When GHG concentrations change, there is also a disruption in the vertical energy flow so that the planetary energy balance is perturbed. This is the frequently cited extra forcing estimated at the top of the atmosphere (TOA), and this is where some of the assumptions made above don’t quite hold (the picture is correct for a planet in equilibrium, but during a transition the planet is no longer in an equilibrium) and extra energy is taken up by warming of the oceans and surface.

As a physicist, the key to understanding the relationship between GHE and the hydrological cycle – and indeed the troposphere – is in embedded in the question of what happens with the energy flow between the two levels where the planet receives its energy and where it leaves the planet. For more numbers and details, I’d recommend a number of posts previously published here on RC (here, here, here, here, and here).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003748-2150f9a06fdd1ff102f5eea86560a8ad.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006633 00000000000 015251  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        PORT WASHINGTON, N.Y. (MarketWatch) -- What's plaguing the financial markets these days is not a lack of liquidity but a lack of confidence and this won't be restored unless and until policymakers address its root cause: falling home prices.

As I have said many times before, policymakers are treating the symptoms when instead they should be trying to cure the disease.

The Federal Reserve's offer to swap Treasury securities for certain types of mortgage-backed securities (MBS) is the latest example.

This arrangement may temporarily boost prices of these MBSs by taking some of the supply off the market, but it won't last for two reasons: (1) the central bank plans to hold these securities for only 28 days and (2) the home values that form the basis for these securities are still declining.

Until home prices stop falling, MBS values won't stabilize. And until MBS values do stabilize, lenders will continue to be wary since they will remain unsure of this and just about every other form of collateral save for the safest Treasuries.

To stabilize home prices, I suggested in my column of Feb. 4 that the government step in and split the difference between prices sellers are charging and those that buyers are willing to pay. See related column.

While the notion of stabilizing home prices has been accepted, my suggestion has been criticized for a number of reasons. Either it was misunderstood, was viewed as unattractive politically, or was seen as a bailout for sellers.

To address these issues, I have come up with another idea. Washington should form an agency akin to the Home Owners' Loan Corporation of the 1930s, an agency that refinanced homes during the Great Depression in an effort to prevent foreclosures.

While some people were able to hang onto their homes, many defaulted and the HOLC wound up owning these homes. However, it sold them and by the time this agency closed its doors in the early 1950s, it actually returned a small profit to the government.

I envision HOLC II offering to buy all houses for sale at a price not more than three times the median household income in each market. It would then offer to sell these homes to prospective buyers.

This could not be construed as a bailout, since many sellers would take a loss -- how much depending on when they bought and how overheated their particular market became.

Also, it would not rescue homeowners who bought more house than they should have or took out one home-equity loan too many and are now "upside down" (they owe more than their house is worth).

But by returning home prices to a more normal ratio relative to incomes, it would make housing affordable once again. This would get buyers back into the game, but even more important, it would establish a basis for valuing the plethora of mortgage-backed securities that have permeated the financial markets.

The markets might be able to do this on their own, but as we saw this week, it could be painful -- not to say prolonged -- and it runs the risk of overshooting.

For this gambit to work, HOLC II would not have to buy every house that's up for sale. Indeed, its very offer to buy might be sufficient to end housing's downward spiral -- even with the large number of unsold homes still overhanging the market.

And if the lower price this agency does offer causes demand to exceed supply, HOLC II, like its predecessor, might even be able to make a profit for the government.

Who says history doesn't repeat itself?                                                                                                     0003709-d773f1373c8bc41e682a444fb19c2937.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004033 00000000000 014757  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A Chinese government report published on Friday accused the United States of “serious infringes on human rights.”

Beijing's announcement is widely seen as a response to an earlier U.S. State Department report that expressed concern over abuses of human rights in China.

The Chinese report, titled “The Human Rights Record of the United States in 2013” and released by China’s Information Office of the State Council, decried what it perceived to be human rights abuses by the United States.

“Acting as the world’s judge of human rights, the U.S. made arbitrary attacks and irresponsible remarks on the human rights situation in almost 200 countries and regions," read a brief editorial accompanying the report in Xinhua, the state-run news agency.

“If the United States wants to be the self-claimed human rights judge of the world, though China and most countries do not agree, it first needs to sweep its own doorsteps. Otherwise, its words will not be heard, let alone trusted, by other countries.”

Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Qin Gang later chimed in at a daily news briefing.

“The United States always wants to gossip and remark about other countries’ situations, but ignores its own issues. This is a classic double standard.”

The Chinese government was responding to the U.S. State Department’s annual survey of human rights around the world that was released Thursday. Titled “Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2013,” the U.S. report painted a largely negative picture of China's approach towards human rights. The report criticized Beijing in areas such as “Respect for the Integrity of the Person”, “Respect for Civil Liberties”, “Respect for Political Rights” and “Corruption and Lack of Transparency in Government.”

China's response was equally broad. It covered such areas as the government’s PRISM surveillance program, military drone strikes, solitary confinement within U.S. prisons, widespread gun violence in America, and high rates of unemployment, homelessness, and child labor.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0003602-39b3f4f66cf1c6174ee1470888e7b493.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000032624 00000000000 014774  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        CLOSE The once quiet city of Flint, Michigan is facing a drinking water crisis that is drawing concern from around the nation. Here's what you need to know about how the public health crisis has evolved. VPC

More than a year ago, e-mails among officials show deep concern behind the scenes about the quality of the city’s water.

Flint residents Gladyes Williamson (C) holds a bottle full of contaminated water, and a clump of her hair, alongside Jessica Owens (R), holding a baby bottle full of contaminated water, during a news conference after attending a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing on the Flint water crisis on Capitol Hill on Feb. 3, in Washington, DC. (Photo: Mark Wilson, Getty Images)

More than eight months before Gov. Rick Snyder disclosed a deadly Legionnaires' disease outbreak in the Flint area, federal health officials worried a lack of cooperation in Michigan could be hampering the public health response.

Thousands of pages of e-mails obtained by the Detroit Free Press through the Freedom of Information Act on Monday show increasing concern about the quality of the Flint's drinking water as tensions grew over a lack of coordination to combat the waterborne disease.

County health officials were warned for reaching out to federal experts for help while they struggled to persuade Flint city officials to provide needed information, the e-mails show. Others in e-mails wondered about ethical breaches and the possibility of a cover-up.

In sum, a review of the e-mails provided by Genesee County from several public-information requests appear to illustrate the inability, if not unwillingness, of city and state agencies to share information with the county as it investigated multiple Legionnaires' cases. The clash among bureaucrats went on privately for months despite growing fears inside Flint among residents that something was deeply wrong with the city's drinking water.

“We are very concerned about this Legionnaires’ disease outbreak,” Laurel Garrison of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, wrote to Genesee County health officials in an April 27, 2015, e-mail. “It’s very large, one of the largest we know of in the past decade, and community-wide, and in our opinion and experience it needs a comprehensive investigation.”

Garrison added in her e-mail that ”I know you’ve run into issues getting information you’ve requested from the city water authority and the MI Dept of Environmental Quality. Again, not knowing the full extent of your investigation it’s difficult to make recommendations, and it may be difficult for us to provide the kind of detailed input needed for such an extensive outbreak from afar.”

There were at least 87 cases across Genesee County during a 17-month period, including nine deaths, but the public was never told about the increase when it was happening — even after an initial wave of more than 40 cases were under investigation by early 2015.

It is unclear whether swifter action by government officials could have prevented a return of the outbreak last summer. But a public health investigation is ongoing. Legionnaires’ disease is a pneumonia caused by bacteria in the lungs. People get sick if they inhale mist or vapor from contaminated water systems, hot tubs or cooling systems or, in some cases, showers.

Genesee County Health Department officials could not be reached for comment Monday night.

Neither the CDC nor the federal Department of Health and Human Services had an immediate response.

Typically, Genesee County saw between six and 13 Legionnaires' cases a year, according to officials. In 2014, the number jumped to 42. In 2015, there were 45 confirmed cases.

Officials investigating the outbreak in 2014 worried about disclosing a suspected cause.

Liane Shekter Smith, the head of the Office of Drinking Water and Municipal Assistance for the state Department of Environmental Quality contacted state health officials “a couple of times” to discuss the Legionnaires’ outbreak in 2014, according to e-mails.

“She was concerned that an announcement was going to be made soon about the water as the source of the infection; I told her the Flint water was at this point just a hypothesis,” Susan Bohm of the Department of Health and Human Services wrote to officials in Genesee County in an e-mail dated Oct. 21, 2014.

Last week, Snyder announced Sheketer Smith's termination, saying “putting the well-being of Michiganders first needs to be the top priority for all state employees.”

The e-mails released Monday also showed how local officials struggled to contain the outbreak.

On Feb. 10, 2015, Genesee County Health Department epidemiologist Shurooq Hasan wrote to an outside expert about 47 Legionnaires’ disease cases in 2014, which was almost four times the number of cases in 2013.

“We have investigated a hospital as a potential source for the disease, but have expanded our investigation to include the city water supply,” Hasan said in the e-mail.

“Of our 47 cases, 25 cases have occurred within the city water supply distribution system. No common links have been found between the cases. The majority of our cases are home bound immune-comprised individuals who have not traveled and are not readily mobile,” he wrote.

Hasan said those stricken were in such bad condition that they are unable to answer questions that would assist with the investigation.

On June 8, 2015, Jim Collins of DHHS e-mailed several officials at the county health department saying he had spoken with officials at the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention that morning about the Legionnaires’ issue. He then chastised county officials for talking to the CDC without state approval.

“Relative to communications around the investigation, I believe that CDC is in agreement that their involvement really should be at the request of the state, rather than the local health department,” Collins said. “To be clear, we do value the skills and resources of our CDC colleagues, but we also recognize that their involvement needs to have some structure,” and “I want to reinforce the necessity that investigation communications from the Genesee County Health Department need to be directed to staff at the MDHHS.”

By Dec. 5, Tamara Brickey, the Genesee County Health Department’s public health division director, said in an e-mail to other county health officials that “the state is making clear they are not practicing ethical public health practice.”

“Now evidence is clearly pointing to a deliberate cover-up,” Brickey wrote. “In my opinion, if we don’t act soon, we are going to become guilty by association.”

Snyder publicly revealed the Legionnaires' outbreak on Jan. 13 of this year, saying he had learned of it just days earlier. A spokesman for the governor Monday night reiterated that the governor acted quickly after he learned of the outbreak.

But last week, other e-mails released by the liberal group Progress Michigan showed an aide in Snyder's office was notified in March 2015 — more than nine months before Snyder said he learned of the problem — that there was an increase in Legionnaires' disease cases in Genesee County. The aide, Harvey Hollins, said in an interview last week he did not brief the governor on the issue at the time because he told state environmental department officials to gather more information and make their own recommendation if warranted.

Public notifications about such outbreaks are typically handled by the local health departments, Geralyn Lasher, spokeswoman for the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services, said Monday.

Lasher said the state provided help to the Genesee County Health Department on wording for a public press release, but she was unsure if the department ever released it.

Flint's switch to using the Flint River as its water supply in April 2014 was followed almost immediately by complaints from residents about discolored, pungent water that had caused a number of ailments. Local and state officials insisted for months the water was safe to drink but reversed course after independent testing discovered unsafe lead levels throughout the system believed to be caused by leaching from lead piping.

Flint is now under a state of emergency because of the lead issue Today, state officials say they have been unable to link the Legionnaires' outbreak definitively to the Flint River water supply.

County health officials feared as far back as the fall of 2014 the outbreak was connected to the switch to using the Flint River for drinking water.

The new e-mails show other state health officials investigated the outbreak at least a year before the governor's public announcement.

On Jan. 27, 2015, Michigan Department of Health and Human Services epidemiologist Shannon Johnson e-mailed the county health department about the Legionnaires’ disease issue, saying “at this point, the priorities in the public health investigation are to determine the scope of the outbreak and to define as clearly as possible the characteristics of the cases of Legionnaire’s Disease ...”

“A current map of the municipal water system needs to be obtained and cases’ residences mapped in relation to the water system,” Johnson said.

Overall, county officials express concerns about a growing number of people in the Flint area contracting Legionnaires' disease.

The state Department of Health and Human Services had begun assisting the county in the fall of 2014, and the Legionnaires’ investigation had become “very intensive” in early 2015, according to Dr. Eden Wells, Michigan’s chief medical executive.

The first wave of 42 cases was commonly known within the state health department, Wells said, but the agency did not take the information to the governor until confirming a second wave of 45 cases and analyzing them together.

But back on Jan. 27, 2015, a county health official expressed frustration in an internal e-mail that he couldn't obtain information from local and state officials to investigate suspicions the water supply was behind the Legionnaires' outbreak.

“Initially the water plant was cooperative, but since the beginning of November they have not responded to multiple written and verbal requests. Howard Croft has not responded the email that I sent yesterday morning, either," James Henry, a county environmental health supervisor, wrote in the e-mail.

“I have explained our responsibilities to investigate and that our intent to work together with the City to identify potential risks so they can be reduced or eliminated. I was hoping to avoid FOIA, but we are getting nowhere.”

In another e-mail, written a day earlier, on Jan. 26, Henry wrote: “MDEQ, Mike Prysby and Steve Busch declined to meet with our office. They did not have any comparable information regarding other public water systems relative to Legionella or Heterotrophic bacteria. They encouraged us to conduct our investigation and mentioned that they could assist with obtaining information from the water plant. I explained that they are the regulatory agency and participation is expected.”

On Feb. 5, Howard Croft, the city of Flint’s public works director, alerted Henry about “another person who is reporting a rash on their child.”

A note from a doctor, Croft wrote, asserted that the woman’s son “breaks out when he is in the bath with the city water.” He asked Henry to work with the woman and supply any needed data that could “help determine the cause.”

Henry responded less than two hours later. He didn’t provide the data but instead spelled out how he said the city had not responded to the county’s earlier request for information.

Henry said the county health department attempted as far back as November 2014 to obtain information about the city’s water system.

“Your office has not provided a return phone call or response to emails,” he told Croft in the e-mail.

In January, Henry said that he also filed a Freedom of Information request with the city to try to obtain information about city water, but his request did not provide what he sought.

“I am still hopeful that we can work collaboratively to protect the health of the community and resolve any issue with the Flint water supply.” Henry wrote.

By November 2015, Henry had grown frustrated by the lack of cooperation he said he received from state environmental officials.

The Michigan Department of Environmental Quality “reminds me of a stubborn 2yr old child,” Henry wrote on Nov. 6 to Genesee County Health Officer Mark Valacak. “Instead of doing what is right, they’ll willfully take another spanking just to be defiant.”

On Dec. 4, Henry recapped events over several months in an e-mail to other county health officials and singled out a specific state health department official he said had sabotaged their Legionnaires’ disease investigation.

“I think deaths could have been avoided, had he not!” Henry said. He said he thought state officials were motivated to impede the investigation because they “were concerned that Genesee County’s largest U.S. legionella outbreak, would implicate the Flint water system, for which they were responsible.”

Henry wrote that “some of the people at the state agencies are simply criminals,” and “I do find it rather impressive how good they are at covering their tracks."

Contact Matthew Dolan: 313-223-4743 or msdolan@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter @matthewsdolan. Free Press photographer Ryan Garza contributed to this report.

Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1T9N9s8                                                                                                            0003327-e2d107353ee8112142ad9d4bacaf336f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000025366 00000000000 015155  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Select a date Select month July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 Select a category Agriculture Bihar Votes For Its (and India’s) Future BUDGET 2014 Budget 2015: Modi’s Moment of Reckoning Budget 2016: The stories behind the numbers Chart of the Day Climate Change Cover Story Currency Chaos Development Education Elections 2014 Employment Fact Check Governance Newsletter Health homepage video Hunger India’s Great Challenge: Health & Sanitation IndiaSpend In The News IndiaSpend Interviews Industry Investigations Central State Latest Headlines Latest Reports Making Sense of Breaking News Modi’s Message: India’s States Reply Modi’s Report Card Mumbai Special Mumbai Special: The Revival Agenda Opinion – Videos Opinions Pollution Poverty Prime Time: India’s Grand Challenges Resources Central State Sectors Agriculture Defence Economy & Policy Education Health Infrastructure Snapshots States Central India Chattisgarh Madhya Pradesh EAST Bihar Jharkhand Orissa West Bengal NORTH Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu & Kashmir New Delhi Punjab Rajasthan Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand NORTH EAST Arunachal Pradesh Assam Manipur Meghalaya Mizoram Nagaland Sikkim Tripura SOUTH Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu WEST Goa Gujarat Maharashtra Story In A Minute The Air We #Breathe The Road To Delhi: Elections 2015 The Transition: 2015-2016 Uncategorized Viznomics: A Quick Glance At Big Issues Welfare Women Women@Work Search with Google

The bank passbook of Kadore Kushwaha, a 56-year-old Uttar Pradesh wheat farmer who failed to repay a four-year debt of more than Rs 41,000. The local administration, which has not sent an official to find out how he died, refuses to acknowledge that such suicides are a result of agricultural distress, blaming them on drinking and disease. Image: Bhasker Tripathi, Gaon Connection

Rajwada (Lalitpur district), Uttar Pradesh: When the unseasonal downpour swept through his land last month, Kadore Kushwaha spent the night worrying. When the rain stopped the next day, he inspected his wheat farm.

He returned, left for the market, bought what his family called “sulphas”, available as tablets, came home and took some.

Kadore, 56, was taken to the hospital, but he died the evening of March 19, his body rapidly poisoned by the fertiliser aluminium phosphide—the scientific name for “sulphas”—a popular mode of suicide here in an impoverished district officially classified as among the 250 most backward in India.

Kadore was under much mental stress, according to his family. Three days before he died, he received a notice from a bank through the local court, warning him to immediately deposit Rs 41,415 plus interest.

It is a debt Kadore failed to repay over four years, during which his crop repeatedly failed.

When Kadore was cremated on March 20 at his village, 5 km from the district headquarters, the local papers headlined his death. But until March 27, when your correspondent visited Rajwada, no official had been there—which means his suicide was not recorded.

Kadore is not the only farmer whose death was ignored by the administration of India’s most-populous state. Farmers’ representatives and non-government organisations reported more than a dozen similar suicides in just Lalitpur and Hamirpur, both in south-eastern UP’s backward region of Bundelkhand last month.

The government denies that crop failures and debt pushed any farmer to suicide in these two and 10 other districts ravaged by unseasonal rain and hailstorms in 2014 and 2013—a phenomenon that has occurred again, as we write this, raising the possibility of further distress.

Officials sent out—but do not reach families of the dead

On March 27, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav ordered district collectors and other government officials to track down farmers who had died and find out the causes of death.

“Where is the officer?” asked an agitated Purshottam Kushwaha, 29, son of the dead farmer Kadore. “No one has come till now, not even the accountant.” Purshottam and younger brother Vijay have abandoned farming and now work as labourers.

Purushottam, 29, and Vijay, 25, sons of Kadore Kushwaha, an Uttar Pradesh wheat farmer who consumed a toxic fertiliser and killed himself last month after repeated crop failures and unpaid debts. Both sons have abandoned farming and now work as labourers. Image: Bhasker Tripathi, Gaon Connection

Nissar Khan, a worker of Sai Jyoti Sanstha, an village NGO in Lalitpur said that his organisation had visited the homes of four farmers who had killed themselves. “There have been more deaths,” said Khan, “and we are still doing our survey.”

More than 40 suicides by farmers were reported when hailstorms destroyed the rabi, or winter, crop last year, said Khan. “We have all those details,” said Khan. “But in the official data, there is no mention of them.”

After Vidarbha in Maharashtra, long regarded as India’s farm-suicide heartland, Bundelkhand—comprising the districts of Jhansi, Banda, Chitrakoot, Mahoba, Lalitpur, Hamirpur and Jalaun—has emerged as another region where farmers kill themselves, deaths that UP’s government would rather not acknowledge as suicides.

Over 20 years—between 1991 and 2011—more than 1.5 million farmers, distressed by crop failure and death, committed suicide across India, according to P. Sainath, journalist and Magsasay Award winner, who analysed National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) data. The NCRB reports to the Ministry of Home Affairs, collecting data every year from states.

At least 3,000 farmers have killed themselves in Bundelkhand over five years, according to official records and suicides reported in newspapers, the terms of agricultural bank loans that underlie these deaths substantially more unfavourable than home loans given to the urban middle class in India’s metropolitan cities, as IndiaSpend reported in October 2014.

Suicides by farmers—even if you consider only official data—reflect a farm crisis in India, where 118.9 million of 1.3 billion people are dependent on agriculture. If families are included, the number exceeds 600 million.



Source: NCRB (National Crime Records Bureau)

Most farmer suicides were reported in states like Maharashtra (3,146 cases), Andhra Pradesh (inclusive of newly formed Telangana, 2,014 cases) and Uttar Pradesh (750 cases) in 2013, according to the NCRB.

Why UP’s data on farm suicides are dodgy

UP, as IndiaSpend reported last month, has a problem with dodgy data, and farm suicides do not appear to be an exception.

Here is why:

According to the NCRB report, UP, with a population of 200 million, had 750 suicides in 2013. However, Madhya Pradesh—a state with two-and-a-half-times fewer people than UP—reported 340 more suicides than UP.

The contradictions in the data—and reports from the ground—indicate that many suicides by farmers in UP are not making their way to official documents.

Farmer representatives accuse local officials of gathering information on farmer deaths but deliberately not registering it.

Chronic diseases, drinking—not suicides: Officials

Gauri Shankar Bidhua, head of the Bundelkhand Kissan Panchayat (Bundelkhand farmer council), firmly blamed district officials for not registering suicides. “According to our survey, until now (March 27), 62 farmers have committed suicide in Jhansi, Banda, Hamirpur, Jalaun and Lalitpur alone,” he said.

Officials attribute such deaths to causes other than weather disasters, crop failures and debt. Anuraag Yadav, the district collector of Jhansi, said he now possessed all the inquiry reports into the deaths of farmers, and crop failure was not a cause.

“Reasons like chronic diseases and drinking habits are coming to attention,” he said.

“We keep fighting with the governments about the facts, but they do not accept that their debts killed them,” said Bidhua. “The weather’s blow to the rabi crop is breaking down farmers mentally.”

Things became worse this time because of a drought during the kharif (monsoon) crop across Bundelkhand—coming on the heels of hailstorms that wrecked the rabi crop in 2013 as well.

That there is a crisis on Bundelkhand’s farms is something the government now acknowledges.

Dev Joo (90) from Lalitpur district’s Rajwada village, Uttar Pradesh, sits amid the remnants of his four-acre wheat farm. All the crop was lost to untimely rain and hail. Image: Bhasker Tripathi, Gaon Connection

What happened to Bundelkhand’s rabi crop

The overall crop production, by area, appears healthy, but drops in key crops indicate localised problems, enough to cause bankruptcies and those suicides.



Source: Directorate of Agriculture, Uttar Pradesh

In Bundelkhand’s seven districts, wheat was sown across 88.19 lakh hectares; 92.2 lakh hectares were sown with pulses (gram, peas and lentil), according to the UP farm directorate.

Black, rotten kernels emerge from recently harvested wheat in Bundelkhand, Uttar Pradesh, after three seasons of unseasonal rain and hailstorm. Image: Bhasker Tripathi, Gaon Connection

On March 26, during the budget session, in reply to a question, Chief Minister Yadav accepted that Bundelkhand had suffered from unseasonal rains and hailstorms.

His government, however, will not accept that these disasters could have pushed farmers like Kadore to suicide.

(Tripathi is Senior Reporter at Gaon Connection, a rural newspaper published in Hindi from Lucknow. Tewari is an analyst with IndiaSpend.)

This is the first of a two-part series. You can read the second part here.



Update: This story has been modified to reflect the number of Indian families dependent on agriculture.



__________________________________________________________________________

“Liked this story? Indiaspend.com is a non-profit, and we depend on readers like you to drive our public-interest journalism efforts. Donate Rs 500; Rs 1,000, Rs 2,000.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003544-4bfdbcd7aa35201499b1eb92cb1d56dd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000030775 00000000000 015403  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        April 17: To more fully answer the question of whether or not theaters can present nudity or "semi-nudity" without running afoul of code enforcement, here's a blog about the successful staging of Naked Boys Singing at Theatre on the Square and Phoenix Theatre.

"I'm so glad I didn't get arrested tonight," Katie Angel half-joked over the noise of the DJ at Kat's Pub, the Camby bar where she'd just finished performing the night of April 11 with her burlesque troupe, Angel Burlesque.

It was like any other Angel Burlesque show — if on a smaller-scale than some of its big fundraising extravaganzas — except for a couple attendees. The Indianapolis Department of Code Enforcement was on the scene to determine if Angel Burlesque's act can be defined as adult entertainment.

It's not an idle question: If it's determined to be adult entertainment, then it can only be performed on a "regular" basis in adult entertainment businesses, such as strip clubs or adult bookstores, which are carefully regulated and required by law to be located more than 500 feet from any residences.

And such a definition could have a chilling effect on the fledging local burlesque scene by knocking troupes off of just about all the stages and venues where they have performed over the past decade — almost none of which are defined as adult entertainment businesses. Or it might not. Such is the vagueness and flexibility of the code and the laxness and inconsistency of its enforcement.

In any case, the can of worms has been opened. The answer, relayed Monday by the city to NUVO: Yes, Angel Burlesque can be defined as an adult act because it meets the requirement for "semi-nudity," which the code defines as "a state of dress in which clothing covers no more than the genitals, pubic region and areola of the female breast, as well as portions of the body covered by supporting straps or devices."

At issue is a letter the bar's landlord received in late March from the city (as a neighborhood in Decatur Township, Camby is under the administrative authority of Indianapolis). It cites Kat's Pub for two violations. One pertains to a window sign posted without the required permit. The other is the reason we're writing this story.

It cites the landlord for violating Section 732-216 of the city code: "The establishment of an adult entertainment business shall be prohibited if the business is located within 500 feet of a dwelling district."

The letter to the landlord spells out the penalties: If Kat's Pub were to present adult entertainment within 500 feet of anyone's home on a "regular" basis — note that the term "regular" isn't specifically defined — it would be subject to both administrative fees of $215 per scheduled visit by the city, and then lawsuits with fines up to $2,500 per violation, plus court costs.

But there are at least six burlesque troupes in town, you might say, and they've been performing across the city for roughly a decade, since the first neo-burlesque troupe, Bottoms Up Burlesque, hit the scene. Angel Burlesque says it has performed in nine venues since its founding in 2011. How have they gotten away with it?

It's time for more fun with code enforcement. Here's how not to get away with a burlesque show:

1) Do a show in a part of the community that might be hostile — or rather, might be home to a single hostile person who will notify the city.

As Adam Baker, the Director of Communications for the Indianapolis Department of Code Enforcement puts it, "code enforcement is strictly a reactive agency," and will only address a violation if "people tell us. That's the way code enforcement is designed." And so, as Baker reports, the department was alerted to the performance only when someone in a Camby neighborhood sent a letter to the department complaining about an ad for the performance she received in a Money Mailer. Baker emphasizes that the department "is not a Gestapo," roaming the city looking for infringements. But it must respond to all complaints — and then assess the legitimacy of those complaints based on the letter of the code.

Angel says her troupe has drawn attention because of its ambition to reach new audiences. "We're really trying to push into the mainstream," she says. "We're trying to reach a wider market beyond supportive family and friends."

2) Show a pretty lady in a state of semi-nudity in your advertisements.

Code enforcement issued its citation to the landlord of Kat's Pub weeks before Angel Burlesque's performance took place, based upon the titillating nature of the bar's advertisement for the show. While the department says that "by definition, burlesque does not mean adult entertainment," the confluence of burlesque and a less than fully clothed woman on a poster was enough evidence for the city to make its decision.

However, that was a preliminary decision, according to the department, which, according to Baker, says it "tries to get everyone on the same page" in any situation, seeing if "there's room to be worked" or if "there's a variance that can be applied for." When NUVO spoke to Baker last week, he noted that the bar "wasn't in violation right now"; the business had been assessed for two violations pertaining to the show but had until April 11 to abate said violations.

[page]

3) Try to do your show more than once

in the same venue.

As Baker puts it, with respect to Angel Burlesque's show at Kat's Pub: "This could be a one-time performance; that's another way that would not be considered an adult entertainment business." So the solution for a burlesque troupe: One and done. Or maybe two. Maybe even monthly?

The trouble is that a business needs to present adult entertainment "regularly" to be defined as an adult entertainment business — and "regularly" is not defined by the code. Not that the code doesn't get more specific; it does define, for instance, exactly what "nudity" and "semi-nudity" entail (nudity includes "human male genitals in a discernibly turgid state even if completely and opaquely covered").

But "regularly"? That's up for debate. And that ambiguity likely led to the cancellation of monthly, First Friday performances by Angel Burlesque at Deluxe at Old National Centre, which was contacted by the code enforcement in 2012, responding to a complaint similar to the one made about Kat's Pub.

"When we found out about it, we were under the impression it was only a one-time thing," Baker says of the complaint. He notes that the venue was never issued a citation for the performance. Live Nation, which manages Old National Centre, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

4) Put on a show without a thorough

understanding of the city code.

Katie Angel and the rest of the members of Angel Burlesque were under no threat of arrest Friday night. But they thought a police officer would be attending their show — they were, in fact, plain-clothed code enforcement inspectors — and were more than a little nervous going into the performance.

The owner of Kat's Pub, Chad Alvey, complained last week to NUVO that the city "didn't even know what a burlesque show was," that they "didn't know what the public indecency law was." The public indecency law has nothing to do with the adult entertainment code, according to code enforcement's Baker, but Alvey wasn't clear on the distinction.

In other words, Angel and Alvey had an unclear understanding of the city code and the way that it's enforced going into the performance. But the city expects performers and venues alike to familiarize themselves with the law: "At the end of the day there has to be some kind of responsibility on the individual or performer to follow through," says Baker, adding that "we do what we can, up front, to try to educate."

One key question: Should Angel and Alvey have been expected to know the adult entertainment code? Angel Burlesque performed a show at Kat's Pub in February, which didn't result in a citation of the venue. Alvey booked the show after seeing troupes like Rocket Doll Revue performing in venues around the city that aren't certified as adult entertainment businesses. Here's an excerpt from NUVO's 2012 cover story on burlesque that gives a sense of the scope of the local burlesque scene (with the caveat that much of the information is outdated):

"Bottoms Up makes their home in Radio Radio and the Historic Melody Inn, while Creme de les Femmes can be found anywhere from Birdy's to the Casba's underground bar. Rocket Doll Revue are regulars at White Rabbit Cabaret and now The Sinking Ship; Pur Company can be found just about anywhere there's a party when they're not doing their regular gig at Room 929; Angel Burlesque is equally at home on Crackers' comedy stage or the eminently respectable Deluxe room at Old National Centre. And Hasenpfeffer is White Rabbit Cabaret's troupe-in-residence."

In short, burlesque troupes have historically performed at venues across the city — venues open to the public, shows that were widely advertised and featured in local press — without running afoul of the code enforcement. And because burlesque isn't specifically cited as an adult entertainment act in the code — and semi-nudity and nudity have been historically been featured on local stages that aren't housed in adult entertainment businesses — then wouldn't those troupes have a reasonable expectation that their performances were lawful and appropriate? Which brings us to...

5) Perform as a burlesque troupe outside

of a theatrical setting.

Katie Angel doesn't want to have to resort to calling Angel Burlesque's performances "theater" because she rather likes the term "burlesque," with its rich tradition rooted in vaudeville, variety shows and other populist entertainment of the first half of the 20th century. "There's something special about saying burlesque," she says. "There's something so beautiful about burlesque that it's so female-positive; it connects us to our foremothers."

But it's only when Angel Burlesque has ventured beyond a theatrical setting that it's drawn the attention of the city: First at Deluxe, which has a rock club feel, then Kat's Pub, an unprepossessing bar in a strip mall. There's evidently safety in presenting burlesque as a legitimate theatrical performance, with all the trappings of high art — in the same way as obscenity charges have historically been defeated by making the case for the legitimate cultural value of a particular artwork.

Not that Katie couldn't make the case for Angel Burlesque's importance to the city in other ways. When she spoke to NUVO by phone last week, she was getting ready to cut a $2,000 check to Indiana Equality Action, from funds raised during its Bourbon Boylesque event at the Athenaeum last month. Angel Burlesque also hosts an annual fundraiser for the Indiana AIDS Fund, and has given money to the Julian Center and Planned Parenthood.

She also emphasizes the "emotional benefits" afforded to troupe and audience members by a performance. "They're what motivate me to run Angel Burlesque," she says. "They go on stage and they feel so confident and they feel so beautiful, so powerful. Where do you get a chance to put yourself out there and receive that kind of positive reinforcement from the audience?"

To be sure, Angel Burlesque defines "burlesque" as the "art of the tease," and it's this reporter's impression that some of the troupe's performers do achieve a state of "semi-nudity," as defined by the code, by the close of their performance. But such strict restrictions on performance involving nudity and semi-nudity have been successfully challenged.

For instance, a 2001 performance of Naked Boys Singing, which involves the full-frontal nudity of adult male performers and has played locally, was shut down by the city of Provincetown, which cited similar zoning laws that prohibit adult entertainment businesses within 500 feet of protected areas.

But to quote from a document from The First Amendment Center, "According to Provincetown Banner, Judge Gordon Piper found that the town could not prohibit the owners of the Crown & Anchor Inn, a privately owned hotel and 'entertainment center,' from staging live nude performances. The judge noted a footnote in the bylaw that attaches adult entertainment to the category of retail use and ruled that the inn did not fall under the town's definition of a retail establishment."

The city plans to inform Kat's Pub of its decision later this week, and, as Baker says, "start a dialogue" with the club to see if there's common ground to be found. Kat's Pub owner Alvey says that while he plans to fight citations assessed by the city, he's unlikely to continue booking Angel Burlesque if he loses a court case or sustains substantial fines.   0003130-51d4c015277c3508b524221388899a47.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003620 00000000000 014357  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        THIS WEEK

6

| NewScientist | 20 July 2013

BONES. That is all the passing millennia have left us of the Neanderthals and the more elusive Denisovans. Until recently, the main insights gleaned from these bones have been physical: what our cousins might have looked like, for instance, and how they moved. But cutting-edge genetic science is changing that. We can now see, for the first time, which genes are switched on in humans but were not in Neanderthals and Denisovans, and vice versa. The findings point to subtle differences between our brain structure and function, and theirs. The research, presented last week at the Society for Molecular Biology and Evolution meeting in Chicago, reveals that after our ancestors split from Neanderthals and Denisovans, they evolved differences in genes connected with cognitive abilities. Many of those genes are associated with mental disorders in modern humans. Working out which genes are switched on or not involves looking at the epigenome, or the chemical “methyl” tags attached to genes. Genomes, in contrast, show only the basic sequence of genes. Liran Carmel at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Svante Pääbo of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig, Germany, and colleagues analysed the epigenomes of Neanderthals and Denisovans and compared them with those of modern humans (s ee “What’s good about decay”, top right). Altered methylation patterns are frequently associated with disease, particularly cancer and mental disorders. So Carmel’s approach has the potential to give us unprecedented insight into the

– Dem bones got something to say –

The first look at which genes were switched on and off in our extinct cousins is allowing us to peer into their minds

Inside the brain of a Neanderthal

Sara Reardon, Chicago

“The approach could offer unprecedented insight into the mental abilities of extinct hominin species”                                                                                                                0003734-bb7ff84b98106267b17a6409a84e1ed6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000023313 00000000000 015041  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        File sharing services are not as popular today as they were four years ago. It’s not that people are sharing any less. Rather, they just found easier ways to do it. Would you upload a funny video from a friend’s email to any of those services or would you search for it on Youtube and share only the link? Would you upload an MP3 file in order to share with whomever, or would you search for it online, grab the link and then share it? And finally, would you use a file-sharing app just to share a picture on Facebook when you can do it directly from your desktop to your Facebook profile? Of course, you wouldn’t!

So why would you use an file-sharing app anyway? Actually for many reasons: for larger files, for privacy, multiple files, file format support, and more.

In this post, I compare 16 file-sharing services. I took three main issues under consideration when creating the comprehensive app list below: Free, Fast, and Useful . . .

Most of the services suggested require no registration. None of them will ask you to download anything to your computer, and all of them are easy to use, and worth using. It is actually great to see services, such as Yousendit, MailBigFile, and Rapidshare, that are still relevant and are good choices, but if I had to pick one it would be Mediafire.

Don’t get confused now. This is not a list of services that let you store all your files in the cloud, organizes them, or allows you to collaborate with friends. It’s more focused on file-sharing only, in the richest capacity—well, okay, you be the judge of that.

Box.net is probably the most commonly-known site featured here. But I couldn’t keep it from the list because it’s really a good one and despite all its features, it’s actually simple to use. The light version is not so attractive though. Here’s what you get: File uploads up to 25MB/file (OK, that’s pretty lame). 5 collaboration folders, 1GB storage, mobile access, public file sharing, folder widget, and a few more options. The other plans are far richer, but for personal use, the free one is enough (except for the lame file uploads limit). One thing that bothered me is that you can’t upload a file without signing up. That’s the old fashion way, don’t you think?

Rapidshare is lacking in features & design, but if you’re looking for a one-click file host, you came to the right place. Founded in 2006, the service is the twelfth most visited homepage in the world. With Rapidshare, users can upload big files (200MB) in one step and subsequently make them available to friends and family via the download link. Premium accounts offer additional convenience, through TrafficShare that provides the option to make files available for direct downloading. The recipient of the file can access it instantaneously even if he/she is not a premium account member of RapidShare. A file can be downloaded 10 times, and will be deleted after 90 days.

I always liked drop.io and even now with much more usage than before, it is still simple to understand. No need to sign up in order to quickly send a private link with your file(s). Maximum file upload is 100MB, but there are three different packages that will give you a whole lot more. Back to the free service; you can share, collaborate, and present music, videos, documents, audio, in a private drop, through email, web, phone, fax, and more. Additionally, you’ll be able to privately chat with the people you share a file with, in real-time.

Filedropper aims to give the most basic file hosting service that enables you to share stuff quickly. Therefore, there’s nothing complicated here, just upload the file, and share it. Simple as that. Filedropper says you can upload up to 5GB per file, which looks a bit odd to me – after all, who needs that (unless you are transferring HD videos, I guess)? Very similar to Filedropper, is FileSavr, which offers you the same package completely, with a slight change: uploads up to 10GB per file…

I actually marked this one as a favorite: Wikisend – an elegant and simple interface that helps you share files quickly. Share files with your friends using email, social networks, your blog, forums and so on. You can also protect the file with a password and choose the range of the file’s lifetime up to 90 days (max)

You can use Driveway even without registration and send up to 500MB max for each upload. Signing up for a free account offers several advantages: A registered user can upload up to 2 GB of data to the Driveway account. Additionally, you can upload, manage and create widgets for files and folders and search for files/folders within your account.

With the free plan of Send6, you can send files up to 100MB size, which you can store in your 250MB free space. Send6 also has a free plug-in for Outlook that allows you to send large files directly from your Desktop. Please note that you don’t need to register to send files to friends. Sharing is done via email only.

Zshare is mainly used to share files that are too big to be sent via e-mail. With Zshare you can host files, images, videos, audio and flash in the same place, and as long as they remain active they can be downloaded limitlessly. Zshare lets you upload files up to 1GB, and if you register for the service (still free), you’ll be able to share them privately. Premium members get faster downloads (like most of the services here) and the ability to upload up to 2GB per each upload. Multiple files are allowed in both free and premium lines.

Overall, 2large2email has a nice and comfortable email-like interface for sharing large files. How large? 100MB in the free plan. However, if you’re looking for something good and free, 2larg2email is not your answer. The service won’t give you any additional features but password protection, and your files can be downloaded up to 7 times, will be saved for only 7 days, and will expire after that. For more features, you’ll have to pay, or move and chose another service. BTW, I’m not saying that you shouldn’t pay for premium services, but if there are other services for personal use, that offer you more for less, you may want to check them out first.

For busy people, Senduit is the best choice there is! It’s a one-page platform that generates a private link from the file you upload (100MB Max) for easy sharing. You can send the link via email through Senduit’s page directly, or copy-paste the link to any other communication channel (IM, Social networks, etc.). You get to choose when the link will expire—from 30 min. to 1 week.

I couldn’t find the exact amount that you can upload per file to Flyupload, but the service looks great. Flyupload allows you to store, access, share and backup your digital documents, photographs, and music easily with complete privacy online. Registered users get extra features like 2GB space of files, Multi-uploads with an upload progress bar. You can also upload large files via FTP or create folders and keep track of files and Images. Additionally, Flyupload lets you share files from your database, to your Twitter account with a side tool called: Flyontwit.

If I had to choose one service only from this list, Mediafire would be it. The service has a good looking UI, with some great usability. It lets you share files even when you’re not logged in and gives you a set of tools to complete this experience. For individual use, you can freely share files up to 100MB with unlimited uploads, unlimited downloads, unlimited bandwidth, and unlimited storage. This is why you might choose Mediafire over 2large2email, for example. When signing up, Mediafire enables you to organize your files in folders, search and view your files, and email/share/embed with others. It’s the best service that you can get for free.

I was surprised to see that underneath the new layout of DivShare is the same great service from three years ago. And, even more surprised to discover some files I had stored 3 years ago in the service are still there! DivShare is a file management service that not only lets you share files, but also saves them for later (for an unlimited period of time). The maximum size per file is 200MB and you have 5GB space for free to start. After the upload, you’ll be able to embed your videos, audio and slide shows on any web site or profile. Diveshare has an iPhone and Facebook applications, a WordPress plug-in and an open API, if you want to build something yourself.

Back when I tried MailBigFile in 2005, I thought this was a great service that offered a convenient solution to sending larger files. I still think it’s a good service. You don’t need to sign up, but if you choose to this is the best pro account for your dollar. Even though, you can use the service for free and as long as you want to send up to 200MB per file via email (but with no additional features). MailBigFile has the best price for a pro account – $15/year with an impressive list of features.

Last but not least is good old Yousendit, which has never plummeted in its presence online. A reliable and secure service since 2004 that offers the ability to send free 100MB files with a maximum number of 100 downloads allowed per file. You use it just like an email, choose a recipient, send it directly to a person’s inbox, and you get a notification when your file is downloaded.

Sharing files, large or small, should be a simple act, in my opinion—not something that should require a major effort or thought process on your behalf or make you create a complicated profile/account to use it. The options I listed here will help you explore the diverse file-sharing opportunities currently available. Whether you need to send a file privately or publicly, small or big, temporary or permanent, the options are all in this list, you just need to find the best match for your needs.

(Folder graphic by Photoxpress)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0003723-102297886955cb664da9fe15c0970f2e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004761 00000000000 014713  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Costco, the US-based chain of warehouse stores, opened its first branch in Iceland on May 23. This year.

To call this a big event in Iceland’s consumer landscape is an understatement. One in eight Icelanders had already signed up for membership by the time doors opened in a Reykjavik suburb. Units from the country’s famed search and rescue teams were called in to manage crowd control on opening day.

A Facebook group called Keypt í Costco Ísl.—Myndir og verð (Bought in Costco Iceland— Pictures and prices) has more than 62,000 members, one-fifth the national population of 334,000. There, members compare breathless notes on the prices of big screen TVs, multi-packs of frozen Indian samosas, mixed-nut canisters the size of small dogs, and toilet paper.

It’s not just about the nuts. For many shoppers, the opening of a chain like Costco is a chance to stick it to a really unpopular group in Iceland: other chain stores.

“People are excited about [Costco] because it is a chance to boycott the big chains that control all the prices and show that people will not have it any longer,” one Iceland native now living in California told Quartz.

Prices for food and other consumer goods in Iceland are more than 70% higher than US equivalents. Gasoline prices are among the highest in Europe. Price comparison is something of a national obsession. Neytandinn, an app that lets users compare consumer purchase receipts, is the number one app in Iceland for both Android and iOS, a local news site reported. Users jumped by one-third in the days after Costco opened.

Several factors keep prices high, notably the costs of labor and shipping. But another key reason identified in a 2015 OECD report is lack of competition. Many of the Facebook group’s post are less complimentary of Costco than they are critical of Bónus, Krónan and Nettó, the country’s three main grocery chains.

Costco’s relatively inexpensive gasoline, now the cheapest available in Iceland, has led to criticism of the country’s fuel suppliers, long suspected of collaborating to keep prices high. The new Costco charges 169.9 Icelandic krónur per liter, the equivalent of $6.40 per US gallon. A liter of gas at a typical non-Costco pump is 198.9 krónur, or $7.50 per gallon.

“It’s great to see that we’re getting some real competition on this market,” Runólfur Ólafsson, managing director of Iceland’s auto association told a local news source. Local fuel companies, he said, “owe an explanation to Icelandic consumers.”               0003046-0161b70039cce7d110127a00201ab2cb.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014063 00000000000 014660  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        VIRGINIA BEACH — Like most political discourse in recent months, Rep. Scott Taylor and his constituents have embraced the digital sphere to foster conversation. Those who don’t live within a short distance of his two offices can use his Facebook page to stay informed.

On Jan. 30, Taylor held his first Facebook Live town hall from Washington D.C., giving his nearly 55,000 Facebook followers a chance to listen and ask questions in real time.

“It’s a very effective way of communicating with a lot of people at one time, for no cost, essentially,” Taylor said.

But some constituents say they have been blocked from communicating with Taylor via Facebook.

Lulani Mae, of Virginia Beach, said she voted for Taylor in the Nov. 8 election because she thought his military background would lend to his ability to successfully represent Virginia’s 2nd district. At the Feb. 20 Kempsville town hall, Mae, who is affiliated with the local Together We Will group, told Taylor she’s been blocked from posting or participating in conversations on his Facebook page.

“I’m no longer allowed to post on your Facebook page,” Mae told Taylor at the town hall, “and it’s very disappointing.”

After Taylor suggested that Mae had been blocked by staff members for inappropriate behavior, she said her only recent comment was when she expressed disappointment with his representation of the district.

“He told me he was sorry and that he would unblock me, but that hasn’t happened yet,” Mae said in an interview with Southside Daily.

Mae isn’t the only constituent to make such a claim. Three more congressional district 2 residents allege the same treatment by Taylor and his staff.

Mary Meade Holtz, a Hampton resident and president of the Virginia Peninsula National Organization for Women, said that she was also blocked from posting or commenting on Taylor’s Facebook page.

After Taylor posted a photo on his Facebook profile in which he was posing with President Donald Trump, she commented and asked him what he planned to do about attacks on sanctuary cities within his district.

The next time Holtz went back to the social media page, she found herself in the same situation Mae had. She could no longer speak to her congressman via Facebook.

“I called his office in D.C. and asked about it,” Holtz said. “They took my email and name and said they would get back to me but I haven’t heard anything yet.”

Holtz said she tried to make a post from her own page to ask about why she had prevented from speaking on his page. She tagged the congressman in her post, trying to determine if there was an alternative form of communication with him about it.

Her post went unanswered.

Williamsburg resident Sheila Ann Glennon told Taylor at a Yorktown town hall that she is frustrated she cannot participate in legislature-related surveys or queries posted by his staff, especially in light of Taylor’s stance that it’s important for constituents to use social media to share their policy opinions.

Like other constituents, Glennon is unable to comment or post.

Glennon said she was blocked from the page after posting a comment that called the travel ban “religious discrimination.” She said that while she doesn’t believe her first amendment rights have been violated, she thinks that being barred from participating is contradictory behavior.

“He himself said at that town hall that he uses Facebook to gauge his constituents’ reactions to policies,” Glennon said. “If comments are being deleted and people are being prevented from commenting, how is he serving all of his constituents?”

Glennon said, as a backup plan, she bought a stack of postcards. Every time she wants her voice to be heard on an issue, she slips another card in the mail to Taylor’s office.

“I know that at least those will get through,” Glennon said. “I pay my taxes. I do have a right to be represented.”

Anne Tucker founded the political action group Indivisible 757. She lives in Virginia Beach and recently visited Taylor’s local office with a friend who uses a wheelchair.

Tucker said that when the pair arrived at the office, there wasn’t a push button on the door to assist handicapped visitors. Concerned, she asked Taylor’s staff if they would consider adding the feature or asking the building’s owner to do so.

“I wasn’t sure they understood what I was asking so I tried to send Taylor a message on Facebook,” Tucker said, adding that she wasn’t able to because she’d been blocked.

Like Glennon, Tucker said she is frustrated because she also heard Taylor tell town hall attendees that he uses social media to monitor his constituents’ comments.

“If you are censoring the public voice of the people who you are representing, then you’re not able to truly have an informed view,” Tucker said.

But Taylor says he’s not censoring his constituents on Facebook.

Taylor said that members of his staff have the authority to block users from his Facebook page if their behavior is “out of line.” He added that the groups Tucker and Holtz belong to are organized to “disrupt things.”

“There are some people who get on there and all they’re doing is just attacking and all that stuff,” Taylor said. “Whether you do or don’t agree with it, they’re not censored.”

Each of the women said they never used profanity or attacked other commenters. Each said they used the Facebook page to make their stances known to Taylor.

“I never said anything nasty or name-called or anything of that nature,” Holtz said. “I don’t know if a carefully crafted response is just more threatening than name-calling.”

Last month, the Maryland branch of the American Civil Liberties Union responded to similar accusations against Maryland Governor Larry Hogan.

Seeing the action against Hogan, Tucker said she decided to follow suit.

“I contacted the Virginia ACLU and let them know what was going on,” Tucker said. “If you can’t take it when someone disagrees with you, then you should stop using Facebook in an official capacity.”

Poulter can be reached at amy@localvoicemedia.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0003744-b37849b17ac139b67d23c5d371d2fd9a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004443 00000000000 015116  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        NBC's "Constantine" isn't hitting small screens until October, but already the show has fans agitated. The drama, based on the DC comics franchises "Hellblazer" and "Constantine," centers on the adventures of con man and supernatural detective John Constantine. Some fans are concerned about the accuracy of the character, not because of the costume or the powers, but because of the title character's sexuality.

In the "Hellblazer" comic books, John Constantine is shown as having both male and female lovers, though his sexuality is never explicitly labeled. NBC's version, however, has only planned female love interests for the character. Executive producer Daniel Cerone told Entertainment Weekly at the Television Critics Association’s press tour on Sunday that the character's sexuality was not integral to the character, stating, "In those comic books, John Constantine aged in real time. Within this tome of three decades [of comics] there might have been one or two issues where he’s seen getting out of bed with a man. So [maybe] 20 years from now? But there are no immediate plans.”

While it is true that the majority of Constantine's conquests have been female, many fans feel that this is straight-washing, or changing a LGBTQ character into a straight one. Voicing their concerns on social media over the past few days, comic fans have argued that bisexual men are an underrepresented group in the media and changing the sexuality of a queer character is erasure. Fans have flooded Tumblr and Twitter with the hashtag #BiBlazer, calling for people to contact NBC on their social media pages and request that Constantine be written as bisexual.

The character's sexuality hasn't been a big plot point in his latest solo series, "Constantine." But there are at least two instances from Constantine's decades-long history that seem hard to ignore. The first is in "Hellblazer" issue #51, in which Constantine thinks to himself (in this panel), "Girlfriends, the odd boyfriend... they all have a nasty habit of walking out on me." The other is a sexual relationship between Constantine and wizard S.W. Manor that occurs during the "Hellblazer: Highwater" arc (though Constantine was conning the wizard at the time). The 2005 film "Constantine," starring Keanu Reeves, does not explicitly state the character's sexuality.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0003658-c39fc467ba6a9076f1e5a224756a60b8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004023 00000000000 015035  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Over the past two years, London producer Jack Dixon has quietly amassed a rather impressive discography, dropping releases—both solo and collaborative—on labels such as Brownswood, Silverback, ManMakeMusic, and, most recently, R&S offshoot Apollo, which just put out his You Won't Let Me EP. But even with a string of quality releases to his name, it's sometimes easy to forget Dixon amongst the ever-swelling ranks of producers turning out bass music, or whatever genre tag is being applied at the moment. Perhaps it's due to the understated nature of his productions, which offer a polished, techno-infused take on UK rhythms. Well-suited for melancholy mornings and late-night comedowns, Dixon's tunes aren't anthems, nor are they meant to be. As admirers of his songcraft, we figured that it might be best to give Dixon a chance to showcase his talents outside of the club, which is why he's been invited to deliver the latest chapter of the XLR8R podcast series. As one might expect, it's a low-key affair, albeit never a sleepy one, as Dixon tastefully weaves together an hour's worth of nuanced house and techno selections. The blends are long and the mix never comes close to losing its composure, yet Dixon's podcast still carries enough weight to edge its way into our subconscious.

ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website

01 Eric D. Clark and Joel Alter "Rules Of Love (DJ Qu Remix)" (Bass Culture)

02 DPlay "Klick Klack" (Mild Pitch)

03 Kaitaro "Little Helper 324" (Little Helpers)

04 Smallpeople "Black Ice" (Smallville)

05 Fog "Dulcet Cynosure" (Apparel)

06 Jack Dixon "Black Paint" (Apollo)

07 Jack Dixon "Lose Myself (Dauwd Remix)" (Skint)

08 Sirenize "Everybody" (Bedrock)

09 Jack Dixon "The Walls"

10 Nail "(I Don't Wanna) Hurt U" (Classic)

11 Pawas "Who Is In" (Night Drive)

12 Einzelkind "Limelight" (Oslo)

13 Cherry "Lost Days (Orient Remix)" (Troplott)

14 Kassian Troyer "The Afternoon Grid" (Dial)



Download MP3

Download M4A (iTunes enhanced)

Subscribe to Podcast (RSS)



XLR8R_Podcast_Jack_Dixon_2012_05_15



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0003730-2d9dbae1b513c911fcd0fe75fa03b0ac.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004053 00000000000 015432  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        NEW YORK (Reuters Life!) - Most women would marry for love over money — unless the man is unemployed, according to a new survey.

A man puts an engagement ring on a woman's finger during a photo opportunity at a jewellery store in Tokyo June 2, 2009. REUTERS/Yuriko Nakao

Three out of four women said they would not wed someone without a job, and 65 percent would feel uncomfortable tying the knot if they themselves were jobless.

But more than 91 percent of single women said they would marry for love over money.

“It is ironic that women place more weight on love than money, yet won’t marry if they or their potential suitor is unemployed,” said Meghan Casserly, of ForbesWoman which conducted the survey with the website YourTango.com.

Even more telling, she said, is that 77 percent of women surveyed believe they can have it all — a fulfilling relationship and family life, as well as a successful career.

But 63 percent of women said they work 40-59 hours, and 62 percent of women in a relationship said they spend just three waking hours or less with their partner during the work week.

“The career is really taking the No. 1 position for working women,” Casserly said. “It’s pretty ironic that this number of women believe they can have everything. How? When?”

Two out of five women in a relationship said their job was most likely to keep them up at night, according to the poll of 625 women. Job responsibilities and love life tied as the factors most likely to keep single women awake.

Thirty-two percent of women said they make more money than their partner and half said they would marry someone who earned significantly less than them, while 41 percent wouldn’t.

Fifty-five percent of women said they would give up their career to take care of children if their partner asked them to do so. But only 28 percent would ask the same of their partner.

If women could find an extra hour in each day, 42 percent would spend it by themselves, instead of with their partner, friends or family or on work.

The survey results are available here and here                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0003159-dc7b5e6eb27031bb9de43258d1b9ffeb.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006720 00000000000 015414  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        "Carlin at Carnegie" is George Carlin 's third special to be seen on HBO, recorded at Carnegie Hall , New York City in 1982 , released in 1983 . Most of the material comes from his " A Place for My Stuff ", the album released earlier that same year. Unlike the first two, this special was edited down to an hour and routines from the same show like "A Place for My Stuff" and "Baseball and Football" do not appear in this special in contradiction to many internet descriptions. The final performance of " Seven Dirty Words ," his last recorded performance of the routine, features Carlin's updated list (read from an oversized scroll):

"Shit, Piss, Fuck, Cunt, Cocksucker, Motherfucker, Tits, Fart, Turd, Twat, Crap, Balls, Prick, Asshole, Jackoff, Jerkoff, Scumbag, Douchebag, Hardon, Rod-on, Boner, Stiff, Pisshard, Blueballs, Nookie, Koose, Gash, Slash, Hole, Slit, Snatch, Box, Beaver, Pussy, Bearded Clam, Jism, Cum, Cream, Juice, Pecker, Peckerhead, Peckertracks, Dick, Dork, Dong, Donacker, Wang, Shlong, Schwantz, Pork, Crabs, Ass, Butt, Hiney, Tuchas, Bum, Buns, Cheeks, Screw, Lay, Diddle, Plow, Hump, Bang, Poke, Batter, Wham, Knock-up, Bugger, Brown, Juggs, Bazooms, Knockers, Knobs, Lungs, Balloons, Dildo, Joystick, Hairpie, Muff, Cornhole, Rimjob, Blowjob, Sugarbowl-pie, Suck-off, Give-head, Sit-on-my-face, Buttfuck, Fingerfuck, Clap, Kleek, 69, 71 which is 69 with 2 fingers up your ass, daisy chain, circle jerk, cockteaser, wet-dream, cunt-struck, pussywhipped, short-arm, tuna-taco, group-grope, milking-the-chicken, bulldagger, gangbang, ballbreaker, ballbuster, merkin, bananas and cream, up the old dirt road, around the world, beat-your-meat, whack-off, flogging your dong, pounding your pud, beating the bishop, poontang, dingleberry, sit on it, fudgepacker, milking the lizard, fart face, old fart, farting around, fart sniffer, ream, snake, raincoat, quickie, queer, queen, putz, put-out, push, beef-injection, dog-style, pop your cookies, bust-your-nuts, one-eyed-monster, knob, pocket pool, tail, piddle, paddle the pickle, one-man-band, snapper, notch, rod, shaft, stick, piece of ass, god damn it, pimp, fucker, punk, faggot, dyke, lezzie, box-lunch, sea-food, hand-job, hammer, hatch, head-job, hot-nuts, hum-job, prong, jellyroll, jerk-the-gerkin, lob, meat whistle, cheese, scat fan, middle-leg, wanking, booty, love-muscle, snapping pussy, ghost, bitch, bastard, clam, bite the brown, going up mustard road, bone-on, bush, button, cunt-lapper, cherry, tool, dingus, quiff, quim, get off, joint, piece, stem, root, crack, cooch, crud, eat me, fuck you, up your ass, get laid, fuck-off, piss-off, piss on you, stick it, stuff it, ram it, jam it, cram it, horny, peter, the one eyed wonder worm, piece-of-ass, little brown eyeball, golden showers, pound cake, boy in the boat, brown eye, brown nose, sloppy seconds, Mongolian cluster fuck, rod of love, copping a feel, copping a cherry, copping a joint, on the rag, flying the flag, riding the cotton pony, dipping your wick, going down on, dry hump, fist fuck, skin-flute, French job, furburger, nuts, get your rocks off, get in, get it up, hung, ginch, gobble, dieseldock, rubber, shoot, diesel dyke that was, siff, wad, cocksman, tit-fuck, tongue, rough-trade, trick, weenie, and yodeling in the gully."

Track listing

# Program opening

# Abortion

# Professional Comedian

# Heart Attack

# Rice Krispies

# Have a Nice Day

# Ice Box Man

# Fussy Eater 1 & 2

# New News

# The Musical Portion of the Show

# Dogs & Cats

# Filthy Words

ee also                                                0003605-5963c246fec7314f8a5a131965de7c9f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017031 00000000000 015045  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        “God’s Plan for Families,” Ensign, July 2015, 28–31

Gaining a knowledge of our Heavenly Father’s plan of happiness can help us understand the central role of marriage and family in that plan.

Illustrations by stefanamer, nuiiun, and Muymuy/iStock/Thinkstock

The scriptures and modern prophets teach us that one of the fundamental purposes for the Creation of this earth was to foster marriage and family life. “Marriage is ordained of God,” the Lord explained, so “that the earth might answer the end of its creation” (D&C 49:15–16). “Simply summarized,” added Elder Russell M. Nelson of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, “the earth was created that families might be.”1

Despite the plainness of these teachings, I have encountered many seminary and institute students who did not seem to fully understand how central a role marriage and family play in our Heavenly Father’s plan. As a result, these students sometimes adopt some of the thinking of the world on these important topics, which affects the way they plan for, seek, and support eternal marriage and family relationships.

I believe that understanding the doctrines of God’s plan of salvation has the power to change our attitudes and behaviors to align more faithfully with the teachings of the Lord and his prophets.2 The following is a brief review of the plan of salvation as it relates to marriage and family. These principles can help us understand why “marriage between a man and a woman is ordained of God” and why “the family is central to the Creator’s plan for the eternal destiny of His children.”3

The Family in Premortal Life In our premortal life, each of us was born as “a beloved spirit son or daughter of heavenly parents.”4 As such, we were all brothers and sisters and lived as members of God’s family. Although all of us were part of this eternal family of God, the only ones who enjoyed the blessings of eternal marriage were our heavenly parents. Only they could have children and be called father and mother. As Apostles of the Lord have explained, “The title father is sacred and eternal. It is significant that of all the titles of respect and honor and admiration that are given to Deity, He has asked us to address Him as Father.”5 Our Heavenly Father prepared a plan whereby we could progress and become like Him. A central feature of this plan includes the opportunity to be married eternally and enjoy eternal posterity of our own.

The Family through the Creation, Fall, and Atonement Three foundational events in God’s plan combine to make marriage and family relationships possible for time and eternity. These events are the Creation, the Fall, and the Atonement. The scriptural account of the Creation culminates not just with the creation of man but with the establishment of marriage. A brief summary of Adam and Eve’s eternal marriage in Eden is found in Genesis 1:28, including the charge to “multiply, and replenish the earth.” President Joseph Fielding Smith (1876–1972) explained: “Marriage as established in the beginning was an eternal covenant. The first man and the first woman were not married until death should part them, for at that time death had not come into the world. The ceremony on that occasion was performed by the Eternal Father himself whose work endures forever.”6 Thus, the crowning event of the Creation was not just when Adam and Eve were created in the image of their heavenly parents7 but when they were sealed in eternal marriage like their heavenly parents. From the beginning, marriage between a man and a woman was ordained of God and established as the ultimate purpose of our creation. Although Adam and Eve enjoyed eternal marriage like our heavenly parents, they could not yet enjoy the full blessings of family life. As the prophet Lehi explained, they were originally created in a state where “they would have had no children” (2 Nephi 2:23). One reason they chose to partake of the forbidden fruit and fall to mortality was so that they would have children. “Adam fell that men might be,” Lehi explained (2 Nephi 2:25). Marriage and family relationships, made possible by the Creation and the Fall, are made eternal through the Atonement of Jesus Christ. As Sister Julie B. Beck, former Relief Society general president, taught: “The Atonement allows for the family to be sealed together eternally. It allows for families to have eternal growth and perfection. The plan of happiness, also called the plan of salvation, was a plan created for families.”8

The Family in Time and Eternity For these marriage and family relationships to endure forever, they must be sealed through holy ordinances and covenants available only in the temple, with all the promised blessings being dependent on the participants’ faithfulness. The importance of these ordinances to our salvation was explained by the Lord: “In the celestial glory there are three heavens or degrees; “And in order to obtain the highest, a man must enter into this order of the priesthood [meaning the new and everlasting covenant of marriage]; “And if he does not, he cannot obtain it” (D&C 131:1–3). In other words, just as the ordinance and covenant of baptism are the gate to enter the celestial kingdom, so temple marriage is the gate to enter the highest degree of that kingdom. Those who marry in the temple and remain faithful to their covenants are promised that they shall become like God because they will enjoy the continuation of the family unit forever, just like our heavenly parents (see D&C 132:19–20).

The Family and Alternative Lifestyles It is true that not everyone has the opportunity to marry in this life, nor is every couple blessed with children in mortality. Latter-day prophets have assured us that those who are faithful will eventually be given these blessings, either in this life or the next.9 Nevertheless, just because not everyone achieves the ideal does not mean we should stop holding it up as the standard to seek. Eternal marriage and family relationships should be a desire and priority for every Latter-day Saint, regardless of circumstances. As has always been the case, Satan proposes alternatives to our Heavenly Father’s plan, and nowhere is this more apparent than with the family. In contrast to our Heavenly Father’s plan of happiness through righteousness in marriage and family life, Satan proposes alternative lifestyles that are rooted in sinfulness and selfishness. He is cursed to never marry or have a family, and he entices us to live like him instead of like our Heavenly Father. He lies to us, telling us that marriage and family are an inconvenience and a bondage. He promises us that we will find greater joy and fulfillment in some other way or through some other arrangement. He tempts us not to marry and, if we do marry, to not have children. The deviations the adversary proposes include premarital sexual relations, pornography, abuse of spouse and children, elective abortion for personal or social convenience, marital infidelity, unjustified divorce, cohabitation, homosexual relations, and unwarranted sterilization.10 If he cannot convince us to do these things, he tempts us to support and encourage others to do them. But these alternative lifestyles will not bring the true happiness we seek in this life, nor will they bring the full blessings of salvation in the next. Out of loyalty to our Heavenly Father’s plan and out of love for mankind, we must discourage and oppose measures that are not designed to maintain and strengthen marriage between a man and a woman and “the family as the fundamental unit of society.”11                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0003722-5dfb2f3ea4d6f331178c2aada8420892.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013262 00000000000 015156  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Inskeep Explores Growing Pains Of An 'Instant City'

Instant City Life and Death in Karachi by Steve Inskeep Hardcover, 284 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How?

Pakistan's port city of Karachi is 30 times larger now than it was at the end of World War II. That tremendous growth caught the interest of NPR's Morning Edition co-host Steve Inskeep, who has made numerous reporting trips to Pakistan over the past decade. In his new book, Instant City: Life and Death in Karachi, Inskeep explores the growing pains — and the vitality — of a city experiencing explosive population growth.

"Karachi is an example of something that is happening all around the world," Inskeep tells Michele Norris on All Things Considered. "There's been an incredible growth of urban areas since the end of World War II even in the United States. [Metropolitan] Los Angeles is more than three times larger than it was. ... Houston is six times larger. Istanbul is 10 times larger. ... We could go around the world like this."

Inskeep set out to explore what happens when a city experiences this sort of rapid population expansion. "It's not just the birth rate; it's mass migration," he explains. "And that means it is different kinds of people coming together and clashing in this landscape that, for all of them, is entirely new. The city as we see it today didn't really exist 30, 40, 50, 60 years ago."

'Full Of Incredible Life'

When the partition of India took place in 1947, Karachi was a colonial port city of about 400,000 people. It's now grown into a crowded, industrial, polluted city of more than 13 million people, Inskeep says. "There are red streams going down the streets that people say are pollution from tanneries. There's raw sewage going into the harbor. But at the same time, it's a city full of incredible life and incredible improvisation."

Real estate around the city is often taken illegally. Building, buying and selling houses often revolves around bribes. "In many ways, it's a city that lives beyond the law, but it's a city that lives and a city that has a vibrancy to it that's hard to find elsewhere," Inskeep says.

Enlarge this image toggle caption Linda Fittante/Penguin Group Steve Inskeep is co-host of NPR's Morning Edition. Instant City: Life and Death in Karachi is his first book. Linda Fittante/Penguin Group

In Instant City, Inskeep makes the counterintuitive argument that as Karachi becomes a less diverse place, it actually becomes a more dangerous place. When India and Pakistan were divided into two separate countries in 1947, one was meant to be majority Hindu and the other majority Muslim.

"There was a mass exodus of people who found themselves on the wrong side of the dividing lines," Inskeep says. "Hindus left Karachi by the hundreds of thousands, and even more Muslims came. You would think that would make it more stable. It actually became less stable over time."

A Place Of Opportunity



In a city that has grown so fast over a relatively short period of time, growing pains are acute; local conflicts over power, money and land lead to violence, Inskeep says. But in many ways, the city benefited from its instant and explosive growth — it has become resilient and vital.

"People come to this place that we think of as being terrible and polluted and poor, because it's actually rich," Inskeep says. "There's a lot of money to be made in Karachi even though there are a lot of poor people, and people will come from the countryside seeking jobs ... seeking education."

Better urban planning would help, but it's been hard to achieve. In Karachi and in other fast-growing cities around the world, when urban planners have attempted to manage growth, the cities have continued to expand beyond the capacity.

To people in the West, "instant cities" like Karachi are often seen as teeming metropolises that are plagued by poverty and blight. But for those who come from places where the poverty is even worse, these huge metropolises are shining cities, full of promise and potential.

"There are shining glass towers in Karachi," Inskeep says. "Not as many as people would like there to have been by this point, but there are some. You do have people who ... see the city as a glittering opportunity, an opportunity for jobs, for connections, for a future."

A Barometer For The Region

Inskeep sees many possibilities for the future of Karachi, a city situated in one of the most troubled parts of the world. "Pakistan has real demons to wrestle with," Inskeep says. "Pakistan has been facing year after year after year of bad news."

Karachi's great growth is in some ways a symbol of deep distress, although it is also a symbol of hope, because it is people still driving to make their lives better.

The rise of militant and extremist Islamic groups has troubled the citizens of a country that was once safer and more tolerant, says Inkseep: "You'll hear people saying, 'I don't recognize the country that I once knew.' "

The population growth in Karachi is a "barometer," Inkseep believes, for what's happening elsewhere in the country. "The more trouble there is in Pakistan — whether it's political, religious violence, the climate events like the ... disastrous floods the last couple of years — each one of these kinds of events tends to drive people toward a city where they have a little better chance of improving their lot, a little better chance of getting an education, finding a job."

So the tremendous growth Karachi has seen can be seen in two ways — a negative push or a positive pull. "Karachi's great growth is in some ways a symbol of deep distress," Inskeep says, but "it is also a symbol of hope, because it is people still driving to make their lives better."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0003712-96add248806318ce40d4e0a64b0c8138.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011466 00000000000 014744  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Saudi Arabia's break with Iran is widely seen as a symptom of the Saudi fear of an aggressive Tehran and the construction of a "Shiite Crescent" in the Arab Middle East that is encircling the Sunni Muslim-dominated kingdom. But there's also a strong domestic element to the concerns: the desperate desire by the Saudi ruling group to shift attention away from domestic troubles to foreign threats.

The Saudi government, led by nearly octogenarian King Salman bin Abdul-Aziz Al Saud, is under pressure from numerous home-grown threats. There is stiff opposition to the king himself and his son, Mohammad bin Salman Al Saud, recently appointed Deputy Crown Prince and to other top jobs, thereby placing him in line for eventual kingship.

Reduction of gasoline subsidies hit hard at the poor. Sectarian tension persists, driven by the discontented second-class citizenry of Saudi Arabia's Shiite Muslim minority.

Many younger Saudis think the royal family is a bunch of corrupt degenerates. Large numbers of disaffected youth have gone to Syria to fight alongside the Islamic State. ISIS is an avowed enemy of the Saudi monarchy, which it views as unwilling to engage in a cleansing jihad against foreign and local enemies.

So in some ways, tension with Iran is a useful diversion from an internal crackdown. King Salman sent a tough message to opponents with the execution-by-beheading of 47 people he alleged were terrorists; 46 were Sunni Muslim Saudis. The Saudi Foreign ministry issued a statement to justify this housecleaning, which it said was "based on clear and undisputed physical evidence" of terrorism." Some of the charges dated back more than a decade. The show of brutal domestic scimitar-rattling was a vivid message to highlight just who is in charge.

Despite the clear internal motive for the executions, foreign commentators and government mostly focused on the killing of a single Shiite cleric, Nimer al-Nimer. Iran, a Shiite Islamic republic, which has set itself up as protector of Shiites everywhere, protested. A mob in Tehran trashed and torched the Saudi embassy.

The Saudis responded by cutting off diplomatic relations and got its allies, Kuwait, Bahrain and Sudan to do the same. The United Arab Emirates downgraded its relations.

The Saudi foreign ministry accused Iran of harboring terrorists and of "blatant intervention" in "Iraq, Yemen, Lebanon and Syria, where it has directly interfered through the revolutionary guard and the Shiite militias from Lebanon and other countries of the world, resulting in the killing of more than 250,000 Syrians."

Indeed, Iran's foreign policy worries the Saudis, who featured themselves Arab world leader and successor to historic Sunni Muslim domination of the region. To the north in Syria, the Saudis see Iran as backer of an Alawite minority regime that lords it over a Sunni Muslim majority. To the east, it sees Iran as sponsor of a restive Shiite majority in Sunni-ruled Bahrain. To the south, it regards Houthi Shiite rebels as an Iranian cat's paw fighting a Saudi-installed government. Iran influences a former Saudi client in Palestine, Hamas, with financial support.

And there are other alarming outside factors. The steep decline of oil prices and the feeling that the United States, its main post-World War II ally, has abandoned it. Exhibit A is President Obama's willingness to cut a nuclear deal with Iran without trying to curb Tehran's interventions on Saudi Arabia's doorstep.

The escalation of tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran is the latest episode in a 35-year old low-intensity conflict between the two regional powers. The competition took off in 1979, when the Shiite Islamic revolution triumphed in Iran. The new government solidified its hold on Iran with harsh Islamic moral and social restrictions and began to spread its influence outside by setting itself up as rival to the US, an enemy of Israel and supporter of non-state militias, foremost among them Lebanon's Hezbollah.

Saudi Arabia harbored its own designs for Middle East leadership and reacted by intensifying the spread its ultra-conservative Islamic ideology, Wahhabism. The Saudis funded mosques, trained preachers and supported insurgent and terrorist groups in places as far afield as Palestine and the North Caucasus.

This competition evolved in parallel to intermittent U.S. military and political interventions in the Middle East and the region's chronic instability. Following the disastrous Iraq adventure, the US withdrew from its dominant position in the Middle East, opening the way for regional rivals and secondary outside powers -- especially Russia and Turkey -- to enter the fray.

This tangle of internal and external crises represents a major existential crisis for a country once considered a lynchpin to Middle East stability. No more. Saudi Arabia is shoring up its internal controls in anticipation of a long struggle.                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003776-5ba03273051ea0ce96689c507fb92962.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005602 00000000000 014700  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        North Korea’s nuclear test site has experienced several post-test tremors since the rogue regime detonated a staged thermonuclear bomb in September.

The occurrence of multiple earthquakes in the aftermath of North Korea’s sixth and largest nuclear test to date triggered speculation that North Korea may have severely damaged its nuclear test site, possibly rendering it unsuitable for future testing.

North Korea tested a suspected hydrogen bomb in early September, and the bomb is believed to have produced a powerful explosive yield around or potentially well in excess of 250 kilotons. The resulting tremors led some to conclude that Mt. Manhap, where the Punggye-ri test site is located, may be suffering from a case of Tired Mountain Syndrome, a condition in which the rock becomes fractured and permeable as a result of repeated underground nuclear testing.

But, leading experts Frank Pabian and Jack Liu argue in a report for 38 North, a North Korea research and monitoring site, that post-test tremors are not unusual, pointing to the occurrence of such tremors after American nuclear tests at the Nevada Test Site.

The two scholars point to a 1969 study, which asserts that “increases in seismic activity in the Nevada region were common following underground nuclear explosions at the US Nevada Test Site,” and some of the post-test earthquakes had magnitudes significantly larger than those of the quakes that followed North Korea’s latest test.

“Despite the numerous post-test earthquakes, the Nevada Test Site was not abandoned for nuclear test purposes,” Pabian and Liu explain, noting that North Korea is unlikely to abandon its Punggye-ri nuclear test site. While there is some evidence that the North Portal may have sustained damage during the most recent nuclear test, there are still two unused tunnel complexes.

38 North researchers actually detected new activity outside the South and West tunnel in the aftermath of the North’s sixth nuclear test.

“For the time being, however, given the presence of additional test portals, we see no reason that the Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site as a whole has or will be abandoned for future underground nuclear testing,” Pabian and Liu conclude in their report.

At the same time, North Korea has hinted that it is interested in conducting an atmospheric nuclear test over the Pacific Ocean, but it does not mean the North does not intend to carry out additional underground testing at the Punggye-ri test site.

Pabian and Liu argue that North Korea has not yet nuked itself out of a nuclear test site, as some outlets claimed.

Follow Ryan on Twitter

Send tips to ryan@ dailycallernewsfoundation.org.

Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.                                                                                                                              0003673-40fe6f8f47bacc50f0bfe78e9a4e8985.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001675 00000000000 015370  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        BERLIN — When Sarah Kermer proposed to her girlfriend in March, she knew she was in love, but she did not know when, if ever, Germany would allow them to marry.

The answer came early Friday morning, when the lower house of the German Parliament voted to legalize same-sex marriage after a brisk but emotional debate, prompting Ms. Kermer and scores of other gay and lesbian Germans to celebrate in the streets.

“I was at work, and I just started crying,” Ms. Kermer, 25, said as she and her fiancée left a spontaneous gathering at the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin. “I was watching the decision on live-stream, and I cried — a lot. This has all happened just so fast.”

The historic decision came with a swiftness rare in Germany’s usually staid politics, just five days after Chancellor Angela Merkel unexpectedly relaxed her party’s opposition to same-sex marriage and allowed lawmakers to vote on the issue according to their consciences.                                                                   0003687-006cd2a655f4462a93d805396c0e3592.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010375 00000000000 014621  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Participants dressed in pink perform cheerleading stunts before taking part in the forming of a giant pink dot at the Speakers' Corner in Hong Lim Park in Singapore June 28, 2014. The annual Pink Dot Sg event promotes an acceptance of the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender (LGBT) community in Singapore, according to organizers. REUTERS/Edgar Su (SINGAPORE - Tags: SOCIETY)

Kirsten Han is a Singaporean blogger, journalist and filmmaker. She is also involved in the We Believe in Second Chances campaign for the abolishment of the death penalty. A social media junkie, she tweets at @kixes. The views expressed are her own.



Ireland – a largely Catholic country which only decriminalised homosexuality in 1993 and divorce in 1995 – voted resoundingly to amend their constitution and approve same-sex marriage last weekend. They have become the first country in the world to approve gay marriage by popular vote, and at a count of 62 per cent to 38 per cent, no less.

This piece of news stood in stark contrast to another development circulating on social media in Singapore: that the Media Development Authority (MDA) had apparently banned from radio and TV a song and music video by Jolin Tsai, presumably because its pro-gay message would encourage a push for same-sex marriage here.

It feels a bit as if the MDA has jumped the gun; there *is* no push for same-sex marriage in Singapore, mostly because everyone is still wondering how to shift the supposedly-not-enforced-but-somehow-still-important-to-keep Section 377A, which criminalises sex between men. On top of that, many in the LGBT community find themselves struggling against the fact that some Singaporeans don’t even recognise that discrimination exists.

That conservatives exist in every country is beyond doubt; I’m sure there were some fundies praying for the Lord to chuck rain down on gay people in Ireland too.

But while we’re riding high on the inspiration generated by Ireland’s stellar example, it’s time to think of how our own country could be so much better for everyone living in it. To not just dwell on hate and fear, but on love.

The repeal of 377A would have little to impact on the lives of heterosexual – or even religious – people. It would, however, mean a lot for LGBT people in Singapore, all of whom have parents, siblings, relatives and friends who would in turn be affected. It would be a strong signal that Singapore’s government will no longer be in the vanguard of discrimination against LGBT people, that it will no longer support the symbolic legislation that validates countless forms of bullying, dehumanising language and prejudice.

It would be a step towards telling young LGBT persons that they *are* accepted in Singaporean society; that they don’t have to be ashamed of who they are and that they can have a future without stigma and fear in Singapore. It would tell the parents of these LGBT persons that they are not alone, that they don’t have to worry about their children being branded as deviants and criminals. Conservatives aren’t the only ones who care about family; gay people have families too. Love, even familial love, is not exclusive to heterosexuals.

The court has rejected the constitutional challenge to 377A, essentially pushing the responsibility back to the legislators. Yet legislators have often pointed to Singapore’s conservatism as a reason for maintaining the status quo. As we see from the MDA’s move, the state is not only unwilling to change, but actively restricting the conversation.

Ireland has done something wonderful and historic in this past weekend. Let us Singaporeans not be caught on the wrong side of history; let us not wait for court cases or politicians to bring us the equality that we should have.

Make it to Hong Lim Park for Pink Dot. Write to your MP about LGBT rights and the need for anti-discrimination legislation. Talk to your friends about acceptance and diversity. Reach out to LGBT people around you who might need support. Do what you can to create a safe space for them to be who they are and say what they need to say.

377A continues to loom over us all – a symbol of prejudice and discrimination. Yet we cannot simply wait for it to disappear; we as Singaporeans can do our part to start making Singapore a more inclusive place. Today.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003728-2773025cbfe2f5f28a9e244d84fa923d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014303 00000000000 015120  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        LOS ANGELES -- When Los Angeles Clippers coach Doc Rivers called his son Austin and asked if he wanted to play for him, the younger Rivers said he needed time to think about it and make a phone call.

"The first thing I did was call my mom," Austin Rivers said. "She's going to have to deal with this. She was a wreck the first night. She was calling me, 'What if this happens and what if that happens?' I was like, 'Mom, it's not on anybody but me and him.' At the end of the day, my job is to play and compete and that's it. It's not like in the last second of the game I'm going to have the ball in my hands. I know my role here. I know Chris [Paul] and Blake [Griffin] are the leaders."

Editor's Picks Pelton: Clippers get F for Rivers deal Kevin Pelton serves up his grades for the three-team trade in which the Los Angeles Clippers got Austin Rivers.

It was never Austin's dream to play for his dad, and it was never Doc's dream to coach his son. In fact, both of them have been on the record in the past saying they would like to stay in their separate lanes. But when Austin became available at the same time the Clippers were looking for a defensive-minded guard to help spark the second unit, Doc and particularly those around him couldn't ignore the opportunity, regardless of the unique circumstances.

"The group around me, our coaches, [general manager] Dave Wohl and [vice president of basketball operations] Kevin Eastman said he fits our team," Doc said. "For me I was like, 'I don't know,' but at the end of the day my job is to do what I think is best for the team, not what's best for me or what's comfortable for me. We felt like this was. That probably swayed me more than the father part swayed me, I can tell you that. I was probably on the other way that way, but as far as an executive I had to think of it in those terms, and it made sense for us."

Doc still had to discuss the deal with Austin -- who had been traded from New Orleans to Boston in a three-team deal last week -- and see if he was willing to play for his father.

"He's always done his thing and I've done mine, and to be honest I never thought something like this would happen," Austin said. "He called me up and asked me, 'Is this something you might be interested in because we need you.' When I heard that it was one of those things I had to think. I had to take a day to myself and think could this work, and it does."

Rivers came into the game without any practice, having spent the last four days in New Orleans waiting for the trade to be finalized.

A father had never coached his son in an NBA game before Friday, until Austin made his Clippers debut in the first quarter of Friday night's 126-121 loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers. He shot 0-for-4 from the field and 0-for-2 from 3-point range with one assist and one turnover in 12 minutes of action.

"I was thinking too much," he said afterward. "I was trying to be perfect and please everybody."

And while it would appear to be difficult waters to navigate for any parent and a child, Austin said before the game that his relationship with his father makes it easier than most.

Austin was raised in Orlando, Florida, went to Duke, and was drafted by New Orleans while Doc coached the Boston Celtics from 2004 to '13.

"The relationship I have with him is already basketball-oriented," Austin said. "He was in Boston and I grew up in Orlando. It's not so much like father-son, it's coach-player. Off the court, we deal with that a different way."

Austin Rivers slaps hands with father Doc during his Clippers debut Friday night in Los Angeles. AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill

Off the court, Austin wasn't just dealing with his mother and father; he was getting calls from his brother, Spencer, a freshman at UC Irvine; his other brother, Jeremiah; and sister, Callie, who all live in Los Angeles. They all wanted him to come there.

"My brother plays out here and he said come so you can watch my games, I don't even think he was thinking for me, he was thinking for himself," Austin said. "My sister works out here, too, and I don't really get to see them that much. It was one of things when the decision happened, I called my mom first and then after that my brothers and my friends called me and said I should do it. Not just because of my father but because it's a good opportunity to help a team that's right there. When I look at it that way there's no reason not to come here."

Rivers was averaging 6.8 points, 2.5 assists and 1.9 rebounds this season in 35 games in 22.1 minutes before being traded. Rivers has started only three games this season and seven over the past two seasons. He is shooting just 38.7 percent from the field and 28 percent from 3-point range in 2014-15.

New Orleans drafted Austin with the No. 10 pick in the 2012 draft, which the team had acquired from the Clippers as part of the trade for Chris Paul. Rivers, 22, entered the draft after just one year in college. He would currently be in the midst of his senior year at Duke had he stayed in school.

Austin was born in Santa Monica, California, and lived in Southern California for two years while his father was a player for the Clippers during the 1991-92 season.

Austin dismissed any notion that his father would give him preferential treatment regardless of how he is playing.

"My dad is too focused on his thing for that to even be an issue; that's almost a disrespectful thing to my dad," Austin said. "My dad would never, ever play me over somebody because I'm his son. If I'm not playing well, I'm sitting on the bench. He wants to win. My dad's the type of guy when I was 5 years old, we played checkers and he would not let me win. That's just how he is. He's not doing any favors for me."

Doc and Austin didn't foresee any chemistry issues in the locker room after the trade, and Austin believes the players already in the locker room will actually make the transition easier for him.

"I have to earn everything here, and the guys know that," Austin said. "If we didn't have high-character guys here I don't think he would have made the move, but they're all high-character guys and they know I will play because I should play, and if I shouldn't, I won't. I'm just here to have a good attitude and help the team."

Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0003743-0d352eaf9686f5989e0b094c0ea052d0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003206 00000000000 015030  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Gander Mountain closing 3 Houston-area stores as it files for bankruptcy

File photo of a Gander Mountain grand opening in Laredo. File photo of a Gander Mountain grand opening in Laredo. Image 1 of / 60 Caption Close Gander Mountain closing 3 Houston-area stores as it files for bankruptcy 1 / 60 Back to Gallery

Gander Mountain filed for bankruptcy Friday and said it expects to attract a buyer as the company lowers its operating costs as part of its restructuring.

The company expects to close 10 of its 22 stores in Texas. In the Houston area, that includes stores at 13441 Westheimer Road, 19820 Hempstead Highway and 19890 Southwest Freeway in Sugar Land

In all the St. Paul, Minn.-based chain of 162 stores in 26 states is closing 32 stores over the next several weeks.

Gander Mountain said it is in active discussions with a number of parties interested in a going-concern sale and expects to solicit bids prior to an auction to be held in late April. The company expects to submit the winning bid to the bankruptcy court for approval in early May and anticipates a completing the sale by May 15.

Here's a list of store closings:

Texas (10) - Houston, Killeen, Laredo, Lubbock, Round Rock, San Antonio, Sugar Land, Texarkana, Waco, West Houston

Alabama (4) - Gadsden, Mobile, Montgomery, Tuscaloosa

Georgia (3) - Augusta, McDonough, Snellville

Illinois (3) - Champaign, Algonquin, Springfield

Indiana (2) - Merrillville, Greenfield

Minnesota (3) - Rogers, Mankato, Woodbury

New York (1) - New Hartford

North Carolina (2) - Raleigh, South Charlotte

Tennessee (1) - Chattanooga

West Virginia (1) - Charleston

Wisconsin (2) - Eau Claire, Germantown                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003763-86ec84891e20e7cae348217d94816e1f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000026434 00000000000 015003  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        David Koch speaks at an Americans for Prosperity Foundation event in 2013. The Libre Initiative, one of the group's newest campaigns, is on track to make contact with more than 100,000 Hispanic households this year on school choice. | Phelan M. Ebenhack/AP Photo How the Kochs are trying to shake up public schools, one state at a time The push by Libre represents a new front in the fight by targeting Hispanic families.

With school choice efforts stalled in Washington, the billionaire Koch brothers’ network is engaged in state-by-state battles with teachers’ unions, politicians and parent groups to push for public funding of private and charter schools.

One of the newest campaigns is the Libre Initiative, a grassroots drive targeting Hispanic families in 11 states so far, under the umbrella of the Charles and David Koch-funded Americans for Prosperity, a powerful conservative and libertarian advocacy group.

Story Continued Below

While the Koch network has long been involved in school choice battles, the push by Libre represents a new front in the fight by targeting Hispanic families — and a recognition that with Congress gridlocked, it’s on the ground at the state level where the network can disrupt the educational status quo. The Koch message on schools is shared by Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, a longtime ally.

“Across the [Koch] network, there’s a greater commitment to advancing this because we do see it as critical to advancing a free and open society,” Libre’s Executive Director Jorge Lima told POLITICO.

The group has had some initial success — for instance, helping to thwart a moratorium on charter school expansion in New Mexico. But it’s also created bitter divisions in the Latino community and led to accusations the Kochs are trying to undermine public education — and even in some cases, to subvert the Democratic process.

“Don’t let so-called Hispanic organizations such as the Libre Initiative deceive you ...” Geoconda Arguello-Kline, secretary-treasurer of the Culinary Union, wrote last year in a guest column published in the Las Vegas Sun. “Libre is not looking out for Nevadans’ best interest; it is working to benefit its billionaire Koch funders.”

Despite such criticism, the group is hunkering down for the long haul in states it views as ripe for change even as it eyes new states for expansion. Lima says it’s on track to make contact with more than 100,000 Hispanic households this year on school choice.

Morning Education A daily dose of education policy news — weekday mornings, in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Besides Nevada and New Mexico, Libre is organizing in Arizona, Colorado, Virginia, Florida, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas and Wisconsin. Its recent efforts, with other Koch-backed groups, include:

— A planned “six-figure” spend in Nevada on “deep canvassing” in Hispanic neighborhoods to build support for educational savings accounts, which enable families to use state tax dollars to pay for private school. Although such a program was passed by the Nevada Legislature in 2015, it never took effect after the funding mechanism was ruled unconstitutional.

— A lawsuit brought by Americans for Prosperity, among others, aimed at stopping a 2018 Arizona referendum asking voters whether they want to keep a school choice law passed earlier this year. The law would expand the availability of education savings accounts to more than 30,000 families — a move that public school supporters fear would divert millions of dollars from financially stretched public schools.

— A “six-figure” Libre and Americans for Prosperity campaign in Colorado this summer to promote charter schools and education savings accounts and another ahead of a Nov. 7 school board race by the Americans for Prosperity Foundation to push choice-friendly issues.

— A seven-figure investment In Virginia’s gubernatorial race by Americans for Prosperity that includes a video criticizing Virginia Lt. Gov. Ralph Northam, a Democrat, for his opposition to education savings accounts.

— Mailings in Spanish and English supporting a Florida law that encourages charter schools in communities with low-performing schools. After Gov. Rick Scott, a Republican, signed it into law, the state Democratic Party said he’d “declared war on our public schools.”

Mike Petrilli, president of the conservative-leaning Thomas B. Fordham Institute, said it’s noteworthy the Koch network has singled out school choice.

"It’s telling us they have good reason to believe this is an issue that’s resonating with Latino families,” he said.

He also gave the initiatives strong odds at changing at least some state policies.

“Most of these states have had very active school choice movements with other organizations on the ground trying to expand programs,” Petrilli said. “ … It could be enough to put some of these ideas over the top.”

The state tug of wars come as a federal push for school choice has slowed, with Congress balking at the few private school-choice expansion measures that DeVos has sent to Capitol Hill.

The Trump administration’s budget called for a $250 million private school choice program and an initiative that would have allowed Title I funds to follow students to a new school — both ideas that were rejected by House and Senate appropriators. The House and Senate bills did boost funding for charter schools — but not by the $500 million the administration sought.

Nonetheless, Koch organizers view DeVos as a national booster for their cause. Americans for Prosperity has long worked in tandem with the school choice advocacy group that DeVos cofounded and previously chaired, the American Federation for Children — even sponsoring its annual conference. Libre also endorsed her as secretary.

“It does help to have someone like Secretary DeVos as leading this conversation on such a national level, so that when we knock on that door it literally is not the first time that they heard about charter schools or education savings accounts,” Lima said.

Randi Weingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers union and a fierce critic of the Kochs and DeVos, said the Koch-funded push is about destabilizing public schools. She said she thinks austerity efforts to drastically cut school spending in states like Kansas backfired, so the Kochs are emphasizing private school choice instead.

“They and Betsy DeVos are twins,” Weingarten said. “They are about destroying public education and destroying the foundations of opportunity for working folk.”

Like DeVos, Koch organizers insist the push isn’t about dissolving public education, but about making more options available to Hispanic and other families.

And like DeVos and her husband, Charles Koch has been a longtime supporter of the conservative American Legislative Exchange Council, which has advocated for state laws that encourage private school choice expansion.

The Charles Koch Foundation is also a donor to Harvard’s Program on Education Policy and Governance, which recently hosted a school choice conference featuring DeVos as the keynote speaker.

It’s unclear what, if any, coordination might exist between the Education Department and the Koch network. An Education Department spokeswoman did not respond when asked for comment. Lima said Libre is in contact with the department, but the group’s direction stems from polls and conversations with Hispanic families, who say they care deeply about education.

Hispanic families want more options for their children, he said, and the “only thing that’s really changing the game right now” is giving parents a say in “having greater access.”

Achievement gaps for Hispanic students persist. Even as they’ve made gains, there are still gaps with their non-Hispanic white peers hovering around 20 points on the National Assessment of Educational Progress test known as the “nation’s report card.” The graduation rate for Hispanic students is 78 percent, compared to the national rate of 83 percent.

In many ways, Lima suggests, Libre is playing a long game.

In Arizona, the referendum vote set for 2018 would ask voters to decide whether they want to keep a law that expands education savings accounts. Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey, a Republican, backed the law and said this summer during a three-day Koch donor retreat in Colorado Springs that, “I need the power of the network” to get it passed, the Denver Post reported.

Oral arguments on the referendum challenge are scheduled to be heard Dec. 1 in Maricopa County Superior Court.

Dawn Penich-Thacker, a spokeswoman for Save Our Schools, a parent group that helped collect the signatures to challenge the Arizona law, said the push by Libre in her state is disingenuous.

She said that families aren’t told there are financial limits to what would be available to them for private school tuition, which would be around $5,000.

She said many families would be surprised to learn that might not cover all the costs of their kids’ private schooling, especially when the students get to middle or high school.

She also said Libre is participating in a “systemic degrading” of public schools, and stirring fear.

It makes families feel like participating in a private school program “is the only good thing I can do for my children,” Penich-Thacker said.

In Nevada, after now-Sen. Catherine Cortez Masto (D-Nev.) came out in opposition to education savings accounts last year when she was state attorney general, Libre ran digital ads accusing her of “lining up against Latino families and in support of special interests.”

“Hispanic children are trapped in overcrowded and failing schools as a result of the system Cortez Masto is defending,” the group said.

Others in the Latino community, including Arguello-Kline of the Culinary Union, came to Cortez-Masto’s defense.

“We absolutely do not support the Koch brothers coming into Nevada,” said Ruben Murillo, president of the Nevada State Education Association teachers’ union, saying education savings accounts would siphon millions from public education.

“Our message to the Latino community is, what guarantee do you have that you’re gonna have good quality schools where they are accepted and where they are able to work with them on their individual needs?” Murillo said.

In Colorado, the site of the pro-charter school drive, the term “school choice” is being used by Americans for Prosperity “to push a movement to divert public dollars from public schools and undermines the public’s confidence in our public schools,” said Susan Meek, communications director at Great Education Colorado, a group that backs public education in Colorado.

Meek said that not all “school choice” is the same, and this “strategic decision to use this term has been highly effective in hiding the privatization movement behind the guise of charter schools.”

DeVos has not publicly weighed in on any of the Koch-backed initiatives, but she emphasized the action in the states in her recent Kennedy School speech.

“Washington, and in particular the U.S. Department of Education, just needs to get out of the way,” she said. “That's because the real future of choice is in states. It's their futures to shape. And it's already underway today.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0003721-9c0bdbd335c999de49d763d00d6ea286.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003470 00000000000 015202  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        (Timeline 3177)-Portsmouth Class Lance Cruiser: First deployed in 2204, the Portsmouth class Lance Cruiser is among the most advanced warships in Her Majesty's Royal Star Navy. Partical Lance Technology was developed by a Joint Japanese/British program with information give to the US per the treaty of New New York in the 2186. In the 2190s, the Royal Star Navy invested research into minaturization in hopes of allowing smaller craft to be able to make us of this new technology, the end result was the Portsmouth class, putting a partical lance weapon in a cruiser sized warship.



The Portsmouth class is fairly lightly armored, but possesses heavy defensive screens. They are also somewhat ungainly for their level of armoring, being able to out accelerate a heavy cruiser but being outclassed by light cruisers and most battlecruisers. Despite this, it is quite heavily armed. It has a considerable point defense arsenal for a ship of it's size. Portsmouth class Cruisers have eight battleship level energy cannons and has sugnifigant capacator space. This means that it can fire off several fairly powerful broadsides in quick sucession before going down to a much slower recylce rate. It also can fire off six long range torpedos at once, but they have limited magazine space. The Lance itself is a weapon which must be used carfully, it takse a considerable amount of time to fully power and once fired, it leaves the ship with minimal acceleration, no screens and no power for it's heavy turrets for several minutes. As such, it is only to be used in scenarios where the Cruiser has considerable support or the destuction of the enemy warship is assured. It also carries a complement of 8 Fighters. This power does come at a price, however, as the Portsmouth class Lance Cruiser is among the most expensive ships in her class to produce.                                                                                                                                                                                                        0003772-f683e3625aa47b3470f51255926c9ddf.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012515 00000000000 014765  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-Ala.) and Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) unveiled a new bill this week requiring all groups that spend money independently of campaigns, candidates, or parties to influence a federal election or nomination to disclose their donors. Although we have concerns with the bill, the senators' hearts are certainly in the right place, and they should be applauded for actively soliciting input during the drafting process from interested parties on all sides of the debate.

The "Follow the Money" Act does several things better than competing proposals like the DISCLOSE Act. For instance, it removes the disclosure requirements for ads that simply mention a candidate close to an election or primary. It also raises the threshold for reporting of direct contributions to candidates from the exceedingly low $200 to $1,000 and creates two options for groups looking to preserve donor anonymity, which are similar to existing law. Groups can either create a safe harbor account seeded by donations below $1,000 (donors to which stay anonymous), or they can create a separate account for covered spending (and only contributors to that account have to be disclosed).

Unfortunately, like all of the recent disclosure proposals, the Wyden-Murkowski bill fatally fails to clearly define the type of expenditure that would trigger disclosure. The heart of the bill is the creation of a new definition of "independent federal election-related activity expenditure," which I'm going to imaginatively call an IFERAE.

IFERAEs are defined as any expenditure that "considering the facts and circumstances, a reasonable person would conclude is made solely or substantially for the purpose of influencing or attempting to influence the nomination or election of any individual to any Federal office." The definition is not, as is usually the case, limited to just advertising and could cover independent polling, research, or messaging.

If you make IFERAEs over $10,000—no matter what—you automatically have to disclose all your donors. The only exceptions are the separate account options I mentioned above, which are certainly welcome but may not be feasible for smaller or single issue advocacy groups who often have to rely on large donations from fewer contributors. There is also a waiver for donors who contribute less than $5,000, which may be hard for groups to secure in practice.

The vagueness of the IFERAE definition creates two main problems. First, this bill is going to cover a lot more political activity and speech. It almost certainly will sweep in pure "issue ads" by groups like the ACLU, the Sierra Club or the Humane Society. For instance, a similarly vague provision in the 1971 campaign finance law was cited in the decision by the New York Times to refuse to publish an advertisement by the ACLU in the New York Times criticizing President Nixon for his position on busing. The ad itself did not call for Nixon's defeat, but the Times feared that its harsh tone would open it to liability for publishing an illegal campaign ad.

Second, the bill is going to open the door to selective enforcement. Groups critical of the government or who support unpopular causes will find that their expenditures are more likely to be covered by the definition.

There is no question the public has a legitimate interest in knowing who is corruptly spending scads of cash trying to influence voters and lawmakers. But the public should also be able to anonymously support advocacy organizations that engage on the issues of the day, even if they praise or criticize candidates or nominees for their positions on those issues. Absent anonymity, some donors—on both the left and the right—will simply not donate out of the legitimate fear they will be harassed or retaliated against for their advocacy.

Importantly, it's not clear—and it needs to be clear—that anonymous political donations to independent issue advocacy groups are actually corrupting. During the last election cycle, there was significant outcry over so-called "dark" money: political expenditures by groups that do not publicly disclose their donors. But, when you look at the facts, dark money made up a relatively small percentage of all outside spending, and even groups that support expanded disclosure find that it had little concrete effect on the ground. In many tight Senate races, for instance, it was actually the incumbency advantage in direct fundraising by Democrats that made the difference. Before we vastly expand disclosure requirements for issue advocacy, we need a record of real harm, which we just don't have right now.

The campaign finance issue is hard because reform is actually being pushed in response to a real problem: large, self-interested agglomerations of wealth that can and do wield an outsized influence in the political process. That's something that we need to address, but the real question is how. As Justice Brandeis famously said, "[t]he greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding." In other words, sometimes the urge to just "do something" about a problem results in serious unintended consequences. Donor disclosure is one of the areas where we need to be very careful of those consequences.

Learn more about campaign finance reform and other civil liberty issues: Sign up for breaking news alerts, follow us on Twitter, and like us on Facebook.                                                                                                                                                                                   0003700-50a535f312ce76ba475cd895812b821f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004341 00000000000 014740  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        UK PM May faces parliamentary rebellion over refusal to publish Brexit plans

By Kylie MacLellan

LONDON, Dec 6 (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May faces a rebellion among her own lawmakers when parliament debates whether the government should set out its Brexit plan before triggering formal divorce talks with the European Union.

May, who plans to kick off the exit process by the end of March next year, has said the government will not give a running commentary on its preparations for Brexit as this would damage its negotiating position.

The opposition Labour Party has put forward a motion, to be debated on Wednesday, calling on the government to publish its plan for leaving the bloc before it invokes Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty to begin the formal Brexit process.

The BBC reported that one former minister had predicted between 20 and 40 lawmakers from May's ruling Conservatives could support the motion, which is not binding on the government but would increase pressure on it to be more open.

"These things are incredibly important. This actually transcends party politics and tribalism. There is nothing in it which I don't agree with," remain-backing Conservative lawmaker Anna Soubry told BBC Radio, referring to the motion.

"The contents of that motion are eminently supportable."

While asking May to commit to publishing the government's Brexit plan, the motion also says there should be "no disclosure of material that could be reasonably judged to damage the UK in any negotiations to depart from the European Union".

"This is a real opportunity to finally get clarity on the government's plan for Brexit," Labour Party Brexit spokesman Keir Starmer, who put forward the motion, said in a statement.

"Parliament and the public need to know the basic terms the government is seeking to achieve from Brexit. This issue is too important to be left mired in uncertainty any longer."

May avoided a parliamentary rebellion in October by agreeing to a motion that parliament would have opportunities to debate Brexit on the condition that it would not undermine her negotiating strategy.

When asked about Wednesday's debate, a spokesman for May said the government would not be setting out its plans before triggering Article 50.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0003597-9267675342c0d04379861f10a13be758.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007301 00000000000 014462  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Image copyright Reuters

Welfare reforms driving the "jobs miracle" must continue, says Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith.

In a speech in London, he said that changes so far had played a key role in getting people back into work and ending a welfare dependency culture.

But they needed to go further as the UK faced challenges from other countries.

Although the idea of limiting child-related benefits to the first few children in a family had been looked at, it was not going ahead "right now".

Culture change

Mr Duncan Smith said the policies of the last Labour government led to whole sections of society being left on the sidelines and communities marked by widespread unemployment.

Everything we have done, every programme we have introduced, has been about supporting everyone who is able to into work Iain Duncan Smith, Work and Pensions Secretary

"The number of households where nobody had ever worked doubled - and the welfare bill rose by twice as much as average earnings," he said.

"More than half of the rise in employment that we saw was accounted for by foreign nationals. And not just in London - three-quarters of Eastern European migrants in employment live outside London.

"Immigration into the UK has been a supply-and-demand issue. Businesses needed the labour and because of the way our benefit system was constructed, too few of the economically inactive took the jobs on offer."

Mr Duncan Smith said that when the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats took office in a coalition government in 2010, almost five million people were on out-of-work benefits.

"It was clear to me that in large part this situation was the product of a dysfunctional welfare system that often trapped those it was supposed to help in cycles of worklessness and dependency.

"My one aim as work and pensions secretary has been to change this culture - and everything we have done, every programme we have introduced, has been about supporting everyone who is able to into work."

Reform 'chaos'

Mr Duncan Smith said the scale of change instigated by the government had been "enormous" and the policies being delivered were changing the country "for the better".

He said that the Bank of England deputy governor had said "the UK jobs miracle - with more people going into work and unemployment falling dramatically - is hugely down to the welfare reforms".

But Rachel Reeves, Labour's shadow work and pensions secretary, said: "David Cameron's government has failed to control social security spending and is set to overspend on welfare by a staggering £13bn.

"Under Iain Duncan Smith, housing benefit spending is rising, not falling.

"The number of working people claiming housing benefit is set to double between 201018 costing every British household £488.

"The government's flagship welfare reforms are in chaos.

"Millions of taxpayers money has been wasted on the £12.8bn universal credit, which less than 7,000 people are claiming."

Cuts proposed

Meanwhile, the centre-right Policy Exchange think tank has written a report suggesting a reduction of the current benefit cap of £26,000 a year by 10% for people living outside London and the South East, to reflect different income and housing costs across the UK.

It also estimates that £1bn could be saved by paying child benefit for only four children and progressively reducing payments after the first child.

Chancellor George Osborne has suggested that annual welfare savings of £12bn need to be found to avoid further cuts to departmental budgets.

Asked in a BBC interview about the Policy Exchange ideas, Mr Duncan Smith said he would not reject the ideas, saying they were things that had been looked at in the past but were not being put forward as government policy "today".                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0003781-41b7d9d44f76dcae79c51d8442e559dd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014527 00000000000 015224  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Daily is proud to announce its upcoming book, “Rags to Roses: The Rise of Stanford Football,” by Joseph Beyda, George Chen and Sam Fisher. The book will be sold electronically starting on July 15, and we will publish several excerpts in the coming weeks, beginning with today’s installment, the book’s preface. Visit www.stanforddaily.com/ragstoroses to sign up for updates on ordering information and future excerpts. Those using the mobile version of the site can scroll down to the bottom of the preface to sign up.

The Beyda family’s remote control was very busy that night.

Versus, ESPN, Fox Sports Net, local news, rinse, repeat. Stanford had just upset No. 1 USC, and there was no way we could get enough of it.

Not after five years of suffering through Buddy Ball and quick kicks, five years spent with neither the Axe nor travel plans for bowl season. Not after 1-11.

Hour after hour, station after station, we watched the next round of highlights. And each time, when Mark Bradford jumped up and caught Tavita Pritchard’s lob to put the Cardinal ahead 24-23, one thing became a little clearer: We would never, ever forget October 6, 2007.

Five and a half years later, Pritchard draws the play up for me on a whiteboard in the quarterbacks meeting area in the Arrillaga Family Sports Center. On the other side of the building, the Axe rests safely in its true home for a third straight offseason. Down the hall sits a 2013 Rose Bowl trophy that not even the most biased Stanford fan — and I rank up there — could have imagined before 2007. Outside stands the skeleton of a new, 28,350-square-foot addition that will serve as the new home of the burgeoning football offices.

But it all began here, one Sunday half a decade ago, when a fearless young quarterback rushed to this very same room to watch film on the Trojans. Pritchard had six days to prepare for his first career start, on the road, for a 41-point underdog facing the best defense in the country.

Boy, the world wasn’t ready.

We found that out early on, when Versus announcer Ron Thulin screamed, “Touchdown USC!” on Bradford’s game-winning catch. In the five years that followed, every ounce of progress by the Stanford football program was met with a half-ton of skepticism. The Cardinal couldn’t retain its physical identity in 2010 after the loss of its workhorse, Heisman Trophy runner-up Toby Gerhart. It couldn’t find the character for another BCS push in 2011 after its fiery leader, head coach Jim Harbaugh, was replaced by the calm David Shaw. It couldn’t compete for the 2012 Pac-12 title after the graduation of the best player in school history, Andrew Luck.

But Stanford did all of those things, culminating in the Rose Bowl win this past January that Cardinal fans had been waiting for since 1972. And this offseason, the rhetoric has changed dramatically. Despite the loss of Stepfan Taylor, the top rusher in Stanford history, the 2013 Cardinal has been dubbed a preseason top-five team by ESPN, Sports Illustrated and CBSSports, is seen by many as a favorite to defend its conference title and is projected to be in the running for (dare I say it?) a national title this fall. Anything less than a fourth straight BCS bowl appearance would be a clear step back.

Those expectations are the result of one of the most remarkable transformations in college football history — at one of the most remarkable times in college football history. In the era of the spread, a finesse offense reinvented itself as a physically imposing, run-first attack that used more tight ends and fullbacks on a single drive than most of its opponents had on their rosters; in the era of short college careers followed by lucrative professional ones, a once-in-a-generation quarterback stayed the course for a third shot at a conference title; in the era of recruiting violations at USC, improper benefits at Ohio State, a lack of institutional control at Miami and altered grades at Auburn, a team at an elite university that had never gone to four consecutive bowls or won 11 games (and was on the heels of the worst season in school history) decided to become one of the most confident — and most successful — programs in the country.

It’s a story that we at The Stanford Daily believe is unique in the world of sports, which is why George Chen, Sam Fisher and I embarked on this project, “Rags to Roses: The Rise of Stanford Football,” this offseason. We have talked to more than 20 current and former players and coaches, spanning four coaching staffs, eight graduating classes and every position group on the field.

In part, this book is about the men who dominated the quarterbacks room in the years since Pritchard’s first film session as a starter: Harbaugh, Luck and Shaw. But it’s also about Shannon Turley, the man who dominated the weight room one floor below. It’s about Gerhart and Taylor, the mild-mannered running backs who rushed for a combined 7,822 yards at Stanford, but it’s also about Alex Fletcher, Chris Marinelli and James McGillicuddy, the cocky, trash-talking linemen who stood up to an out-of-touch coaching staff and became the heart and soul of a beaten-down team. It’s about Owen Marecic, the player who could seemingly do anything, but it’s also about Jordan Williamson, the player whose one task eluded him in the biggest of moments — and then served as his redemption a year later in a game that meant even more.

Each carries his own tale, and they have told them well; our interview total is rapidly approaching 24 hours as we enter our last round of phone calls and post-workout sit-downs. But what has surprised us most of all is just how eager the former members of the program are to explain Stanford’s ascendance. There is no doubting their pride.

“You always felt like it was the right thing,” Harbaugh told us. “You can be great at football and be a top-notch student. You can achieve in the classroom and achieve on the field. And that model could be successful, when many said it couldn’t.”

For George, Sam and me, “Rags to Roses” has become the 10-unit class we never planned to take. For you, we hope it serves not only as a celebration of Stanford football’s recent accomplishments, but as the story of the men who brought this program back to life — and then took it to new heights.

Contact Joseph, George and Sam at ragstoroses@stanforddaily.com. Learn more about the authors.                                                                                                                                                                         0003794-98f779a4364d495db6f6ec64e40e3e34.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006645 00000000000 015101  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        On Wednesday's New Day, Chris Cuomo was displaying his liberal bias over and over again during discussions of President Donald Trump's decision to end the DACA program. The CNN host's commentary ranged from accusing Trump of "feeding fear and anger," to trying to give cover to former President Barack Obama by declaring that "Obama did not invent 'Dreamers."

Eventually, one Republican guest did manage to get Cuomo to admit that "there's no question that it's been legally dubious from jump" before he still argued that "This is a moral argument, not just a legal one."

Shortly before 7:00 p.m., as Ohio Republican Rep. and Freedom Caucus member Jim Jordan appeared on the show, Cuomo at one point tried to shield Obama as he argued:

The reason that Obama -- Obama didn't create "Dreamers." He didn't even create the law. You guys -- and not you per se -- but Congress had been fighting over this since before 9/11. You couldn't get it done -- you wouldn't get it done. And, in fact, you got worse at it over time. That's how we got here. Now it seems like we're going to revisit the whole process.

The Republican congressman pointed out: "That doesn't justify Obama doing something he said he couldn't do -- doing something that is unconstitutional."

At 7:15 a.m. ET, during another discussion segment, Cuomo complained:

<<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>>

This is about feeding something else. Let's just be honest what it's about. This feeds the fear and the anger of a part of his base. This "Dreamers" -- immigration is a metaphor for us versus them and what is America.

In his response, CNN political analyst David Gregory griped about "the conservative right" that supposedly "sprang up" around 2004 to 2005 and derailed President George W. Bush from passing a left-leaning amnesty bill for illegal immigrants as the CNN commentator asserted that Bush "had this issue right." Gregory:

You were talking to Jim Jordan. I mean, that is -- that is the conservative right that sprang up really in 2004, 2005, and that's what President Bush couldn't contend with. And I always maintained, President Bush, border governor of Texas, knew this issue, had this issue right, but the politics moved away from him

Moments later, liberal CNN political commentator and Daily Beast editor John Avlon found it "sinister" that young DACA beneficiaries might be deported in the near future:

And they are facing deportation after they gave their information and their addresses to the federal government. And, all of a sudden now, Jeff Sessions -- who was trotted yesterday, who is has been a long-standing hobby horse of his -- is in a position to weaponize that data and go after these "Dreamers" in a way that could be incredibly ugly in six months and is sinister.

Later in the hour at 7:43 a.m. as he reviewed the history of how DACA was developed, Cuomo again made a point of giving cover to Obama as he recounted that the plan was originally written by members of Congress in 2001:

DACA is not new, and Obama did not invent "Dreamers." I know you hear he did -- it isn't true. The DREAM Act -- Development, Relief, and Education for Alien Minors -- started life in 2001 before 9/11.

At about 8:20 a.m. ET, during a segment in which he debated Justice Department official Sarah Isgur Flores, Cuomo admitted that DACA was "legally dubious" after his guest recalled the Obama administration's history of being overruled by the courts:                                                                                           0003716-705be3ee461253db9e859db1b5f6cdd8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011446 00000000000 015265  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The MoD is pouring millions of pounds into research on a “quantum compass” that will be far more accurate than GPS and immune to jammers or hackers, with potential applications in everything from nuclear submarines to your next smartphone.

Quantum technology is already being explored in universities and companies worldwide for potential applications in communications and computation, but several UK academic projects backed by cash from the MoD are focusing on how it can be used in sensing and precision timing - both of which could lead to a “game-changing” navigation device. It could also give birth to the most precise clock ever created.

The whole field hinges upon an unusual field of physics called quantum mechanics which explores how particles on a sub-atomic level can act as both a physical particle and an electromagnetic wave at the same time.

Quantum TNS (timing, navigation and sensing) involves cooling atoms down to temperatures a billion times colder than outer space. Unlike GPS, which relies on triangulation from a network of satellites, it very accurately measures movements from a known position to keep track of location.

With the first products expected in the next five years, its potential impact on the electronics, defence and telecommunications could be huge.

Currently submarines use GPS while surfaced but rely on crude accelerometers when underwater to track position with dead reckoning. But spending just one day underwater can lead to inaccuracy of up to a kilometre. With quantum TNS this error could be kept to as little as one metre.

To highlight the potential in this new area of technology a conference is taking place today at the National Physical Laboratory in Teddington to showcase 13 new research projects being funded by DSTL to bring the technology to market.

Neil Stansfield, who is tasked with exploring “emerging and disruptive technologies” at the MoD’s Defence Science and Technology Laboratory, said that defence may be an early adopter of quantum TNS but that the civil market is “potentially enormous” and could see the technology built-in to cars and phones.

“We’ve done quite a lot of looking at the physics, and most of the basics are either proven or we know what needs to be done to prove it. The uncertainty is not ‘can we do it’, but ‘how long will it take’,” he said. “We’re at the beginning of a journey here.

“The size of the equipment we’re building is, if you imagine a shoebox that stretched out to about a metre long. That’s in one axis, so you’d need three of those to do 3D.”

When the first atomic clock was developed at the NPL it was the size of a room, now they are the size of a suitcase. It is hoped that navigation devices using quantum mechanics will follow the same rate of miniaturisation.

The idea is based on a Nobel Prize-winning theory which showed atoms could be frozen with a laser. In the navigation systems now being developed at the DSTL a vacuum container with between one and ten million atoms, all moving at around the speed of a jet aircraft, is hit by lasers and cooled to temperatures a billion times colder than outer space. These atoms at that point become coldest known bodies in the universe.

The atoms are slowed until they are moving at just a few millimetres a second. They can then be unfrozen for precise lengths of time to take exact measurements of how far they moved, therefore allowing precise calculations on how the whole device moved in that time or changes in gravitation. One problem yet to be overcome is that these two possibilities cannot be told apart – a large object to the north of the sensor would give the same reading as acceleration to the south. It is thought that maps showing high-gravitation areas will be able to solve this issue.

The speed with which this quantum TNS is adopted in commercial products is hard to predict, said Stansfield, and largely dependent on consumer demand. But the National Physical Laboratory’s Bob Cockshott said that there was definite potential.

“Maybe six or eight years ago the idea of every phone having GPS in it was ludicrous, now the chipset costs a couple of dollars. I think we'll see the same sort of trajectory here. Perhaps in a number of years these devices could be built-in to all devices,” he said. “The really pressing need now is for something that works when you can’t see the satellite. GPS is never going to tell you what floor of the car park you’re on.”

Cheap and compact laser technology has been developed by the telecoms industry, so much of the building blocks for these quantum TNS devices is ready to go, he said. And there will be applications long before it is minituarised to the extent needed to fit into smartphones: “That metre-long shoebox won’t fit in your pocket, but it certainly will fit in a modest-sized aircraft.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003774-667ecfc06c4b19bd25cbd9807defae38.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006471 00000000000 015432  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The followers of Muqtada al-Sadr, who form a king-making bloc in the next Iraqi government, have confirmed they will not accept Prime Minister Nour al-Maliki's candidacy for a second term as leader.

The move effectively ends the career of the US-backed incumbent. The Sadrists' stance comes after a five-month political stalemate that threatens to leave Iraq leaderless, as the remaining 15,000 or so US forces leave the country ahead of a 31 August deadline.

The move is seen as a potential breakthrough in the destabilising deadlock that many believe has led to a steady increase in violence. The decision was confirmed today by the head of the Sadrist political bloc, Nassar al-Rubaie. He said he had told Maliki that he would have to leave his post in order for the Sadrists to maintain support for his party in an eventual coalition government.

Without the support of the Sadrists, who are led by the exiled anti-western cleric, Muqtada al-Sadr, neither of the two biggest rival political blocs would be unlikely to be able to form a government. This includes the head of the Iraqiya Alliance, Iyad Allawi, who last month courted al-Sadr's support in a public meeting in the Syrian capital, Damascus.

However, al-Rubaie indicated that the Damascus summit has not led the Sadrists to split from the largely Shia Islamic bloc that threatens to sidelineAllawi's cross-sectarian alliance.

Al-Rubaie revealed that the 40-strong bloc of MPs in an eventual new parliament had thrown their support behind former transitional prime minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari, who led Iraq throughout 2005, on the eve of the breakout of full-blown sectarian chaos.

"Maliki eventually isolated all around him by his behaviour," said al-Rubaie. "This includes all members of his alliance. In the end, it was only his Dawa party that had influence that spread throughout all branches of government.

The Sadrists have had a strained recent history with Maliki whom they accuse of allowing US jets to bomb Sadr City in Baghdad in 2007 and 2008 and of reneging on a pledge to release up to 400 Sadrist prisoners who were handed over by US forces late last year.

"Whenever we asked him anything, he would say yes, yes, yes, then not keep any one of his pledges," said al-Rubaie.

The move against Maliki was announced yesterday by former deputy prime minister, Ahmed Chalabi, whose Iraqi National Congress Party has allied with the Sadrists and the main party in their bloc.

Both Chalabi and al-Jafari remain deeply unpopular with the US government. They accuse Chalabi of providing false information that helped make a case for the 2003 invasion. The US gripe with al-Jafari, however, is that he failed to safeguard the country from a slide into sectarian crisis.

Iraqi officials said yesterday that July marked the highest nationwide death toll of any month since the same period in 2008. They said 535 people were killed and 1,043 wounded during violent attacks.

However, the US military later refuted that figure, claiming only 222 people were killed last month, less than half the number compiled by Iraq. US officials have dreaded a scenario of Iraq remaining without a new government after their combat forces have left by the end of the month. The US have been equally sensitive to claims that violence is increasing and that services have barely improved throughout over the past seven years.                                                                                                                                                                                                       0003787-7d8a1cbe6b773a5de7a254c7f09cc4e8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016236 00000000000 015355  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        At first, it was tough to convince others that running and drinking beer — almost simultaneously — isn’t a bizarre thing to do. But once Tej Sandhu and Dan Grant found their voice on social media, membership in their “running crew” took off, they say, swelling in the last six months from 10 runners to 900.

Tej Sandhu, an advertising executive, sits in Tequila Bookworm at Portland St. and Queen St. W. He and Dan Grant, a beer writer, founded Run T.O. Beer, which organizes runs to, you guessed it, beer. ( Chris So / Toronto Star ) The Night Terrors, seen here on an early October outing, are just one of many, many running crews across the city. ( Andrew Francis Wallace / Toronto Star )

Even the beer companies have come onside — sponsoring free pints at the end of each jaunt. “It’s been crazy,” says Sandhu, co-founder of the aptly named Run T.O. Beer, which meets about twice monthly. “It got so popular.” Just like the activity as a whole.

Article Continued Below

Society is in the throes of a running boom, experts say. And, running “crews” in particular are on the rise (FYI, you 40-somethings: “group” and “club” are not cool words anymore). Seems millennials (this includes people in their mid 20s to mid 30s), particularly those who live downtown in big cities, are taking to running like rappers to Nikes and hipsters to tight jeans. Joining “crews,” is how this younger set — who consider Trinity Bellwoods Park their backyard and prefer public to private space — have decided to take up the sport. A desired result is to get fit and healthier, of course, but they’re not just running to lose weight, says Alan Brookes, race director for the Canada Running Series, which includes the Scotiabank Toronto Waterfront Marathon on Oct. 18. They’re running for all kinds of reasons: to escape a tiny, urban condo, connect with people and make new friends, explore the city, discover their own neighbourhoods and even make them better. “They seem committed with their values to a friendlier, more caring city,” Brookes says. “It’s about a search for community and building community and having a say in the kind of community you want.” It’s also about self improvement. Steven Artemiw, 34, co-founder of the Parkdale Roadrunners, one of the largest crews in the city, commanding up to 150 runners on their weekly Tuesday night jaunts, says he started running when he gave up drugs.

Article Continued Below

As a 26-year-old nightclub promoter, he made bad choices, he says, until one day he laced up his runners and felt better, noticing changes in his mood, sleep, physique and confidence. But he couldn’t keep it up all alone, he says. Hence, the need for a crew — supportive, like-minded people who have grown into a de-facto family. One that runs together, but also goes for brunch afterwards at a trendy restaurant and then does yoga at a stylish gym. Or visits a gallery before heading home to shower. That’s why Artemiw won’t run in a pair of ratty pants with a hole in the crotch, he says. And why at each Parkdale Roadrunners run there’s always someone who sticks at the “back of pack” — because running, and joining a crew, he says, doesn’t have to be about qualifying for Boston (the city’s annual marathon is considered that golden ring). “It’s about inclusion,” Artemiw says. “It’s about just discovering better versions of yourself every day. That’s what it’s built upon.”

The Night Terrors, seen here on an early October outing, are just one of many, many running crews across the city. ( Andrew Francis Wallace )

That attitude is fast trickling down to all kinds of people who may not have taken up running a few years ago, says William Chaupiz, 42, Toronto crew captain of Night Terrors, another enormous — and entirely non-threatening — running crew that runs primarily in the city’s west end, mostly in the evenings. Once upon a time, he says, running was about being fast, finishing a race and being competitive. You’d run alone, Chaupiz says, if you felt slow and self-conscious about “holding up the group.” More and more, urban running is now about embracing an active lifestyle in and of itself. If you want to be competitive, there are crews for that. But running is now something everyone of any and all speeds, can have in common, Sandhu says. And, it’s probably one of the most accessible sports around — all you need is “a pair of shoes, shorts and a T-shirt.” The T.O. crews Running crews are usually tied to neighbourhoods — and even though they’ll arrange runs to different pubs or clubs or restaurants all over the city, participants stay close to their hoods. Find them on social media. Join anytime. Most are free; some have a nominal fee. Parkdale Roadrunners: In the summer of 2010 a bunch of ballsy “non-runner” friends maDe a bet about who could sprint a 10K the fastest. By the time their race day came a few months later, almost everyone was injured — except for two people. They started running together, wearing T-shirts that read “I’d rather be smoking.” That got a lot of people asking, “When do you meet?” Today, more than 150 people join in their weekly runs.

Members of the running group Night Terrors take to Toronto's streets on an early October night. ( Andrew Francis Wallace )

Night Terrors Run Club (NRTC): When a MuchMusic employee couldn’t find a gym open late enough to burn off her post-shift energy one night, she decided to run through the city streets with a bunch of friends. Those shenanigans turned into a crew that runs to “cool places” such as festivals, murals, historical buildings, nature trails and “food spots you wouldn’t normally visit.”

Tej Sandhu, left, and Dan Grant run to beer during an outing to Queen St. W.'s Tequila Bookworm. ( Chris So )

Run T.O Beer: It all started with a tweet. Beer writer Dan Grant was looking for a buddy, someone to join him on a run — and then a trip to the bar. Tej Sandhu replied, the two met for a jaunt and pint on a miserable March night in 2014 — and the rest is history. Runs are short — either three, five or 10 kilometres with shorter distance runners joining in along the route — and always rewarded with brew. Since beer companies have been quick to join this party, every run ends with a free drink. Nike + Run Club: Sometimes, 200 eager runners turn out. Head coach Rejean Chiasson, 32, says that in the last couple of years there’s been a surge of runners from all kinds of different backgrounds and skill levels. The more serious — those with defined goals — can join Chiasson’s other crew, Pace & Mind, where participants can pay $100 to $120 a month for customized programs. BlackToe Running Inc.: This trendy Bathurst St. store has partnered with Dr. Jack Daniels (no, not that JD), a former Olympian and coach, who makes all its training programs. The cost is $25 a month and the crew goes on four evening runs a week and for a long run on Sunday mornings, says BlackToe owner Mike Anderson. After that, they usually take over a local restaurant for brunch. Correction – October 15, 2015: This article was edited from a previous version that mistakenly referred to William Chaupiz as the co-founder of Night Terrors.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0003491-402d8111abf0369108e29bff8b611f72.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006545 00000000000 014745  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        

Andy Johnson, CTVNews.ca





An email from the Prime Minister's Office used combat-like language in a discussion about helping new cabinet ministers transition into their jobs, suggesting a list of "friend and enemy stakeholders" was needed as part of the orientation process.

The email, obtained by CTV, was sent to ministerial staffers by Erica Furtado in the issues management department of the PMO with the subject line 'Transition Binder Check List."

It outlined the information staffers needed to compile for incoming cabinet ministers.

The list includes topics such as what to say at Question Period, hot-button issues to look out for, even what to avoid ("pet bureaucratic projects") and who to avoid: "bureaucrats that can't take no (or yes) for an answer."

Item nine on the 10-item list is: 'Who to engage or avoid: friend and enemy stakeholders."

The goal is to highlight “problematic” bureaucrats, environmental groups, industry or civic associations, a source told CTV News.

Brent Rathgeber, an Alberta MP who resigned from the Conservative caucus last month, said the “enemy” list requests expose the inner workings of Prime Minister Stephen Harper’s government.

“The PMO staffers see the world in two colours: black and white,” he said. “You’re either good or bad, or in this case, you’re either friendly or evil.”

Here is the full transition binder checklist:

What to say in question period;

What to expect soon: hot issues, legal actions and complaints;

What to expect later: long-term issues;

What to do: status of mandate items, off-mandate items;

What to avoid: pet bureaucratic projects;

Who to avoid: bureaucrats that can't take no (or yes) for an answer (this item was dropped from the list)

What to attend: upcoming events, meetings and FPTs (federal/provincial/territorial meetings);

Who to appoint: Outstanding GICs (Governor in Council appointments) and hot prospects;

Who to engage or avoid: friend and enemy stakeholders;

Private Members Bills -- lines and caucus packages.

But newly minted Immigration Minister Chris Alexander said the checklist wasn’t in his briefing books.

“I’ve never heard of them, I’ve never seen them. They’re not part of the orientation process for a new minister, in my case,” he said.

Julie Vaux, a spokesperson for the PMO, issued a statement Tuesday responding to the report about the leaked email. However, she declined to speak specifically about the transition checklist.

“While we don't comment on internal communications, we are collaborating with our ministers, especially new ministers, to ensure they are fully briefed so they can continue their work on behalf of Canadian taxpayers,” Vaux said in an email to CTV News.

Deputy NDP leader Megan Leslie called the revelations part of an “alarming pattern” of partisanship within the Conservative party.

“It’s very troubling that the first thing new ministers are being told about their new responsibilities is who to ignore in their own departments and which Canadians to put on the Conservatives’ blacklist -- they seem to think that anyone who disagrees with Stephen Harper is their “enemy,” Leslie said in a statement.

On Monday, Harper announced the appointment of eight new cabinet ministers -- four women and four men -- as part of the largest cabinet shuffle since he first took office.

With a report from CTV’s Richard Madan                                                                                                                                                           0003424-affdd3da2418f35991cd6d927ffb310b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011076 00000000000 015330  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        WildLeaks is the first secure and anonymous platform for wildlife and forest crime whistleblowers. Its goal is to create a safe, secure and anonymous online platform for individuals to send information about wildlife crime. The tips are then used for on-the-ground action. The WildLeaks project is funded by the Elephant Action League.

DW: What kind of leaks are you receiving?

Andrea Crosta: All kinds. We've received leaks about the poaching of tigers in northern Sumatra; the smuggling of apes, in particular chimps, in Central Africa; elephant poaching and ivory trafficking; illeg al logging in central Mexico, Malawi, Russia; illegal fishing off the coast of Alaska. On average we receive between 5 and 7 leaks per week, of which, at the moment, at least three or four are usually assessed as reliable, as good - as a possible basis for investigations.

How do the leaks get investigated? And who's investigating them?

Once the leak has been assessed as good and reliable, we basically have three options: We can start an investigation on our own with our human resources in collaboration with our partners; we can share this leak with another organization - another NGO more expert than us, and we then help them; or we can share the leak with selected law enforcement agencies.

For example, a lot ivory exits Africa from the ports of Mombasa [Kenya] or Dar es Salaam [Tanzania], so in these countries, we're active - proactive actually. We're in the field, we try to build networks of potential whistleblowers, we recruit sources, we investigate with other partners, and we try to get as much information as possible on the criminal networks.

Sounds like a fairly delicate operation?

Extremely delicate. Some of my team, including myself, come from security and private intelligence and homeland security. So personally, I've been doing this for almost 20 years. And we know how to start an investigation below the radar, how to use local resources, how not to attract attention - unwanted attention.

Why are locals so afraid?

People are making a lot of money out of wildlife crime. It's a multibillion-dollar industry. And both in origin countries in Africa - talking about ivory, for example - or destinations like Asia/China, there are powerful people involved: organized criminal groups, corrupt government officials, corrupt politicians, corrupt security officers, and also very well-known, legitimate businesses behind the scenes, using import-export licenses to smuggle ivory or rhino horn. In certain countries, like in Africa, these people are able to control the police, are able to control corrupted parts of the security agencies. So I fully understand why people who live there do not report. It's a very risky business to report, unless you have an anonymous way to do it.

Is WildLeak anonymous?

It's totally anonymous. We don't have any idea who's sending the links or where they come from. It's based on this technology called Tor, which is the best available on the market to protect users from monitoring by external entities.

How big a problem is poaching and the trafficking of animals?

A pair of tusks in Kenya is worth three, four years' of salary. It depends where, of course, but we know that poachers can get a few hundred dollars. And a few hundred dollars in those areas - it's a lot of money. Then, as the ivory travels all the way to Asia, which is the final destination, the price keeps rising. And on the black market in China now, we're talking about $3,000 (2,300 euros) per kilo.

What's changed is that, in the last three-to-five years, the price of ivory and rhino horn has again skyrocketed. It became, once again, very, very profitable to traffick in ivory. One of the reasons, for example, is the destination market, the consumer market, in particular China, grew a lot. So the middle class can afford more, can spend more. And there is a huge demand for ivory.

Criminal networks that smuggles ivory are also into other kinds of crimes, like human trafficking, or like drug trafficking. So it's a very, very complex issue that requires a highly collaborative approach, which I'm afraid, at the moment, we don't have.

Are you confident you'll see some good results?

We've launched our own investigations, three of them, all in Africa, and all on ivory trafficking. We'll see the results probably in a few months. We're targeting the upper layers of wildlife crime, and we're trying to get a better understanding of their networks. We're not after easy catches.

Andrea Crosta is the project leader and founder of WildLeaks. He is also the executive director and co-founder of the Elephant Action League (EAL).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0003732-5af27b61058f5cf807ecb4df2eae3f76.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007201 00000000000 015332  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Actress Angelina Jolie leaves Lancaster House after attending the G8 Foreign Minsters' conference on April 11, 2013 in London, England. - Oli Scarff/Getty Images

Listen To The Story Marketplace Embed Code <iframe src="https://www.marketplace.org/2013/05/14/business/cost-angelina-jolies-cancer-testing-more-4000/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe>

Update: This story has been updated with a comment from Myriad Genetics.

Angelina Jolie wrote an Op-Ed in today's New York Times about her decision to have a double mastectomy. The actress didn't have breast cancer, but tests showed she had almost a 90 percent chance of developing it. The key was finding a mutation in a gene known as BRCA-1, and Jolie appealed for the test to be made more accessible to women around the world.

At the moment, if you want to get tested for a mutation on your BRCA-1 or BRCA-2 genes, you will have to turn to Myriad Genetics. That's the company that discovered the link between those mutations and an elevated risk cancer -- and it patented the BRCA-1 and BRCA-2 genes.

The price tag on a BRCA-1 and BRCA -2 test? More than $4,000.

"Because Myriad has a monopoly on the genetic testing, they determine the cost of that test," says Sandra Park, senior staff attorney at the ACLU's Women's Rights Project. Park argued before the Supreme Court last month that Myriad shouldn’t be able to patent a gene and control research.

One of the main arguments against gene patents is that they hamper scientific progress.

"The charge has been that patents reduce the willingness of researchers to explore in the same genetic area, because they have to pay fees," says Art Caplan, director of medical ethics at NYU Langone Medical Center.

Biotech companies say they need patents to help fund research. Myriad spent $500 million developing its BRCA tests. The company declined to comment to Marketplace before deadline. Myriad subsequently issued a statement saying its diagnostic tests can reduce illness and potentially lower health-care costs by preventing cancer treatments. It added that more than one million women have been tested, and thanks to health insurance, their average cost was about $100.

The BRCA gene tests account for more than 80 percent of Myriad's sales. That revenue would be at risk if the Supreme Court rules against the company next month.

"Let me tell you, it would be problematic for Myriad," says Les Funtleyder, a health-care strategist for investment firm Poliwogg.

Still, Funtleyder says, most biotech companies don’t rely on patenting a certain gene, so the Supreme Court decision is unlikely to have a huge impact on the industry.

"It might put a damper on things," he says, "but I don't think it's going to be a deal-breaker for genetic analysis."

For now, though, Myriad is riding high. Thanks in part to Angelina Jolie’s New York Times Op-Ed, shares of Myriad rose three percent today.

“I think the best compliment I can give is not to say how much your programs have taught me (a ton), but how much Marketplace has motivated me to go out and teach myself.” – Michael in Arlington, VA As a nonprofit news organization, what matters to us is the same thing that matters to you: being a source for trustworthy, independent news that makes people smarter about business and the economy. So if Marketplace has helped you understand the economy better, make more informed financial decisions or just encouraged you to think differently, we’re asking you to give a little something back. Become a Marketplace Investor today – in whatever amount is right for you – and keep public service journalism strong. We’re grateful for your support. BEFORE YOU GO                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0003641-c1ba6f46017811f3a233bdb400c9e989.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007031 00000000000 015011  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Sometimes we run into situations that remind us that the rest of the world just hasn’t quite caught up with electronic document management yet. We know from Freedom of Information Act requests that governments have sometimes been guilty of overcharging for access to public records. We were treated to a dilly of a case recently courtesy of the New York Times, which posted a dramatic reading of a deposition for an Ohio Supreme Court case regarding access to government records.

The video is well worth watching if you have six minutes to spare, but here’s a summary of the case: In 2010, the Cuyahoga County Recorder’s Office made a change to its pricing policy for copies of county records, such as real estate title documents. Instead of the public being able to purchase digital copies of the records for $50 per CD, the Recorder’s Office announced that requestors would have to pay $2 per page for printed-out, hard copies of the documents. Digital copies would no longer be made available. All of these documents, it should be noted, were being stored digitally by the Recorder’s Office. To justify this price, the Recorder’s Office claimed that the digitally stored versions of the documents were not legally considered public records—if they were, by law, they would need to be provided to the public “at cost.”

Several companies that used these records in their business sued the Recorder’s Office to continue to have access to the files on CD, at the actual cost of copying the digital documents to a CD.

While the New York Times’ dramatic reading isn’t the first time this case has gotten media attention, it did boast someone identifying himself as David Marburger, the plaintiff’s attorney in the case, providing his perspective on the pricing proposal. Writing in the New York Times comments section, “Marburger” notes that at $2 for every paper page represented digitally on a CD, a person wanting copies of 20 CDs’ worth of records would have to pay the Recorder’s Office $208,000 (as compared to $1,000 at the previous rate of $50 per CD).

Just taking depositions for the case took two years and required more than 600 pages of depositions. However, it never went to trial. Instead, the Ohio Supreme Court ruled that the Recorder’s Office needed to make the files available on CD—for $1 per CD. This meant that for 20 CDs’ worth of records, the County Recorder’s office went from charging $1,000 to wanting to charge $208,000 to being ordered by the court to charge…$20.

In a 7-0 decision on February 29, 2012, wrote the Court’s public information office, the court denied the claim that the real estate title documents were not public records. Having stipulated that, the court went on to reject the argument that the office was authorized to charge a fee of $2 per page for copies of the documents—since they were, in fact, public records, they needed to be provided at cost, the court ruled. The plaintiffs claimed that making the copies on a CD would cost only about a dollar, and the county office didn’t provide any evidence contrary to that, so the court agreed with the plaintiffs and ruled that the office could charge $1 per CD. (Ironically, by the time the case was settled, the office had already changed its public records policy, and no longer included the $2 per page charge.)

Especially in these days of rising expenses and looking to find a way to keep the IT department from being a cost center, it’s tempting to look for ways to recoup costs. Unfortunately, take it too far, and the backlash can be quite dramatic.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0003784-ce5bf5d06d5153b4fbf460151e31ad3d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000026016 00000000000 015235  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        How Balanced Automates Testing and Continuously Deploys

As a payments company, we have very little room for error. Our customers count on us to be up and running constantly, since if we’re not up, they can’t do business. They also count on us to be innovative, to release new features that make their lives easier. These goals sometimes come into conflict with each other, since any time we have a new feature to release, or another deploy to make, there’s an inherent risk of breakage. To mitigate that risk, we’ve devised a few ways to minimize our chances of introducing bugs or regressions.

Tests. Lots of tests.

From the very beginning, Balanced has had extensive unit tests. We follow the Model-View-Controller pattern, and each of these sets of components has its own set of unit tests. When taken all together, these tests provide a good baseline level of confidence that our application works the way we think it should. However…

Unit tests are not enough!

Balanced (the company) runs a number of separate services internally – mostly written in Python, of which Balanced (the service) is just one. This service has to interact with our fraud services, our vaulting services, our dashboard service, and so on, and all these interactions need to be tested. Unit tests alone are not sufficient to verify all these interactions.

For example, our fraud system may include a field called csc_check in its responses, containing information about whether the card security code provided on a transaction was a match. Balanced may have examples of this response in its unit tests, making sure that it can handle all the values it may receive, and life is good.

Suppose we decide that a better name for this field is security_code_check . Since the CSC check can go by many names this should be fine, right? So we update our fraud system with the new name everywhere, its unit tests all pass, and we deploy it. However, since we forgot to update the Balanced service, it has no idea that this field has a new name. Consequently, Balanced (the service) doesn’t know how to get the information it needs and we start returning internal server errors to all of our clients (and filling our own emails with system warnings). Our unit tests were not sufficient to tell us that this small change to our fraud system was potentially a breaking change to our system as a whole.

Even if services are well-tested in isolation, this does not address the interactions between them. These service-level interactions need coverage. This was the problem that we set out to solve.

The process

We use Jenkins for automating our testing and deployment. We have a number of jobs configured, each one performing a specific function.

Jenkins listens for commits to the release branch of our various services. When a commit is pushed, it begins the testing and deployment process, and runs through a number of jobs.

This diagram represents the various stages of testing that our Balanced service must go through in order to be deployed to our production environment. Our other services follow similar paths.

Unit tests The first step any deploy must go through is running the unit tests that belong to that service. The engineer committing the changes to be deployed theoretically should have ensured that these tests pass before committing, since no one likes the guy (or gal) who commits broken code, but sometimes people are forgetful, and sometimes what works on one engineer’s machine doesn’t work on another’s. A common mistake is to install some new library manually, but forget to update the requirements file – unit tests would pass on the committer’s machine, but fail when run elsewhere. Running unit tests in a fresh environment catches this type of problem. After setting up our environment, we run our tests in a manner similar to this: # Unit tests nosetests -sv --with-id --with-xunit --with-xcoverage \ --cover-package=balanced_service --cover-erase # Pylint python -c "import sys, pylint.lint; pylint.lint.Run(sys.argv[1:])" \ --output-format=parseable --include-ids=y --reports=n \ balanced_service/ | tee pylint.out # Pep8 find balanced_service -name \*.py | xargs pep8 | tee pep8.out We use Nose as our test runner and we leverage a number of plugins to help streamline the testing process. We wrote a small plugin, nose-setenv, to help us configure our tests for the environments we run them in and we leverage the Xunit plugin to produce an XML output file containing the results of the unit tests, which Jenkins uses to create graphs like this: As you can see, our tests are mostly stable, with an occasional failure that necessitates a quick fix. Build #806 shows what happens when requirements aren’t updated properly – every single test fails due to a bad import statement, and the engineer who forgot to update the requirements file sheepishly commits a one-line fix. We also run Pep8 and Pylint over our code, to track violations of style and good Python practices. Jenkins’ Violations plugin can fail the build if code quality falls below a certain threshhold, but we use this for informational purposes only. We run our unit tests using nosexcover, which gives us an XML coverage report file. This is used by the Cobertura Jenkins plugin to generate coverage graphs like this: The coverage output is also passed to the next step… Coverage enforcement As code in a project is added or changed, the tendency can sometimes be for the number and quality of tests to fall behind. An engineer adding a simple new feature or fixing a bug may reason that the workings are so clear, or the change so minor, that testing is superfluous and skip adding a test. Over time this can lead to a lack of coverage by unit tests, so they don’t provide as much confidence as they once did. This step measures the coverage of the unit tests performed in the previous step, and aborts the build if coverage drops below a minimum threshold. For instance, for the Balanced service, we require that all models and controllers have at least 95% test coverage, which means that unit tests must exercise at least 95% of the code for the build to continue. Every engineer here has felt the pain of committing code and receiving an email stating that the coverage level has dropped to 94.47%, and then having to hunker down and write more tests, but this ensures that unit test coverage remains comprehensive. (Jenkins’ Cobertura plugin also enforces coverage levels, but at a granularity that wasn’t sufficient for us.) Staging deploy After the self-contained unit tests have passed and been found to provide sufficient test coverage, we deploy the service to our internal staging environment. This is a test in and of itself – if after the deploy the service fails to start up properly, it may indicate that a server setting has been misconfigured, and this code isn’t ready for the production environment. Here is also where we test any database migrations on a duplicate of our production database – for instance, if a constraint is added such that a previously NULLable column is now NOT NULL, but old rows haven’t been backfilled appropriately, the migration fails and the build is aborted. Since this is tested on a copy of the actual production database, we can be reasonably sure that a migration won’t miss any tricky edge cases. Once the staging deploy job has completed, we use Jenkins’ Join plugin to run the next series of jobs simultaneously, and only proceed further if they all succeed. Acceptance/suite tests Once the code is running in our staging environment, we can run a battery of tests against it to test the integration with other services. Each of our various clients comes with a suite of tests (e.g., our balanced-python and balanced-java suites), which are all run against the staging server to ensure that the server behaves in a way that the client is expecting. Most of these tests depend on the correct interaction of Balanced with our other services, but we take it a step farther with our acceptance suite, which consists of two more jobs. acceptance server runs a suite of tests designed to go all the way through our stack, onto our banking partners’ test environments. For instance, we can pass test card data on to our acquiring bank and verify that they receive well-formed requests from us, as well as verifying that we can properly handle their responses. acceptance runs many of the same tests as acceptance server , but uses the Werkzeug test client and patches Python’s requests library to allow us to run all our servers in the same in-memory context. This allows us to set arbitrary breakpoints and to patch/mock different objects at various points throughout the request lifecycle, all the way down through our stack, to assert that what is actually happening matches our understanding. Running all servers in-memory also makes it trivially easy to use nosexcover and the Cobertura plugin again, this time to measure coverage of our test suite throughout the entire stack. If the Balanced service is well-tested by the acceptance suite, but the fraud system isn’t being exercised enough, it’s easy to see this here. Production deploy Once all these tests have passed, we’re confident that the new code hasn’t introduced any regressions and is ready to be deployed. To reduce the chance of operator error, our testing server performs deploys for us as well. We use Fabric and run a deploy task that pulls the code from our GitHub repo, removes an instance of the app from our load balancer (HAProxy), loads the new code, and puts the app back into HAProxy, for each machine running our code.

Confidence in quality

From start to finish, a deploy of Balanced takes about 10 minutes. During that time, we run over 950 unit tests, and another 200-300 integration and acceptance tests. We often deploy upwards of ten times a day, over multiple services.

Deploys do occasionally become blocked due to a failing test. Every time this happens, we calmly fix the cause of the failure and start the process again – there’s no rushing to fix a bug that’s suddenly made it out into the wild, because it never got a chance to make it out of our staging environment.

This freedom to iterate quickly without fear of breaking things is a huge win for us. This testing architecture is the result of a concerted effort we made to ensure that we have a consistently high level of quality, and it pays enormous dividends. It has made deploys much more risk-free, and greatly increased our ability to move quickly and introduce new features while minimizing the introduction of new bugs.

Final Thoughts

Balanced still has a long way to go. This solution works for now, but we’re always looking for ways to improve. We have to deal with a level of quality that catches problems early to let us move fast and break things, just not in a catastrophic way.

If these kinds of problems interest you and you’re looking for a real challenge, contact us! We’re always looking for sharp and talented individuals that can make an impact.

NmQ2ZjYzMmU3Mzc0NmU2NTZkNzk2MTcwNjQ2NTYzNmU2MTZjNjE2MjQwNjU2MzZlNjU3MjY1NjY2NjY5NjQ2MTY1NmI2MTZkNmY3NDc0NmU2MTc3Njk=

We’re discussing this post on HN                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0003617-a8c0ebc545674a4cbc1e7eb96f9c9140.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000022140 00000000000 015247  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Bernstein writes: "A lot of people argue that there's a tradeoff between growth and inequality - that you can have faster growth but you might have to take more inequality along with it."



Economist Joseph Stiglitz. (photo: Roosevelt Institute)

Joseph E. Stiglitz: The Price of Inequality

By Jared Bernstein, Rolling Stone

oe Stiglitz, Nobel Laureate economist, is uniquely qualified to explain how the economy really works, or more precisely, how and why it's working far better for the top 1 percent than the bottom 99 percent. That's the topic of his new book The Price of Inequality.

The book is a model of clarity, but that's just one of its virtues. Another is how Stiglitz frames the problem; he doesn't start from a place of "vast inequality is a fact of life in our free-market system, and that's as it should be." He starts from a much more interesting, and frankly, humane place: "This is happening. Why? Is it a good thing? Is it the market functioning smoothly or is someone taking advantage of their power? Above all: Is society better or worse off?

I recently asked Joe a few questions about his new book.

In this book you develop an elaborate set of arguments about how the high levels of economic inequality we're seeing hurt our economy, our institutions, and our politics. Let's start with the economy. A lot of people argue that there's a tradeoff between growth and inequality - that you can have faster growth but you might have to take more inequality along with it.

It's well documented that countries that are more unequal don't do as well, don't grow as well and they are less stable. It's not an accident that in the period right before the Great Depression, our inequality reached another peak just like it did in the years before the Great Recession. Inequality destroys growth.

Not to mention opportunity.

That's right. America has become the country with the least equality of opportunity of any of the advanced industrial countries. That means children that are born of poor parents or poorly educated parents are not living up to their opportunities. We're wasting our most valuable asset – our human resources.

And that goes beyond economics to our sense of who we are as a country.

That's right. In the book I try to show how economic inequality puts our democracy in peril by undermining our basic principles of one person, one vote; and how our notion of America as a land of opportunity has been undermined and our principle of justice for all has been perverted into justice for those who can afford it. If you go through almost every social and important political economic debate, it's being shaped by the massive inequality we're facing today.

Talk more about the political impact. How do you see inequality undermining our democracy?

High levels of economic inequality lead to imbalances in political power as those at the top use their economic weight to shape our politics in ways that give them more economic power. If you look at so many of the outcomes in our political process, no one can say that they reflect the interests of most Americans. Most Americans don't think speculators should be taxed at a fraction of people that work for a living; or that banks should be allowed to engage in predatory lending or abusive credit card practices; or that drug companies be allowed to get special benefits out of the government in the form of overpayments; or that mining companies should be able to get natural resources at below competitive prices.

At the top [of the income scale], a lot of the inequality arises out of efforts that people take to get a larger share of the pie rather than to increase the size of the pie. As you know, economists call it "rent seeking." What they're doing is moving money from the bottom to the top. But they're not creating wealth; they're just shifting wealth around. And the people who have been exploited are not better off; in fact, they're worse off.

All of which breeds disillusionment.

Right. I was really struck that in the 2010 election only about 20 percent of young people bothered to vote. And that was an indication that in their mind politics doesn't matter. No matter who won, the outcome was going to be determined by the people at the top, and so why bother to vote? Even worse, disillusionment only reinforces the power of money.

Why don't more people recognize these inequities?

One of the reasons, I suggest in the book, is that our views on these issues have really been shaped. Corporations learned how to sell almost anything. An example that makes that clear is how the cigarette companies sold so many Americans on the idea that there was no credible evidence that cigarette smoking was bad for your health.

I'm surprised they didn't try to convince us that cancer wasn't bad for your health!

If you can sell a toxic product like cigarettes, you can sell pretty much any idea, good or bad. Today, those at the top have the tools, the resources, and the incentives to try to shape the public debate in ways that serve their interests. There are so many instances of this kind where they tried to deny the diagnosis of the problem and divert us from the right solutions.

Can you give an example?

Some people say we have this inequality because some people have been contributing much more to our society, and so it's fair that they get more. But then you look at the people who are at the top and you realize they're not the people who have transformed our economy, our society. They're not the inventers of the lasers the transistors, the computer, the discoverers of DNA. They're the bankers that exploited the poor, the CEOs who took advantage of the deficiencies of our corporate governing structure to a larger and larger share of the corporate revenues without increasing the productivity and performance of the companies or our economy as a whole.

I was struck by the fact that all of the Republican candidates for President had as one of their primary platform positions to repeal Dodd-Frank.

It's going back to 2007 to the kind of environment that created the crisis to me is amazing. I understand the criticism of Dodd-Frank that it didn't go far enough.

That's not where they're coming from. They want to recreate the circumstances that allow for bubbles, exploited predatory lending, abusive credit card practices. How anybody can say after those experiences that that's what make an economy good, strong, and that's an economy that will benefit most citizens, I find incredible!

How do you explain it?

Ideology. This is economics being used to pursue a political agenda. I feel very intensely about that, because my own work over 30 years ago showed that whenever there's "asymmetric information," which just means some people know something others don't, whenever there were incomplete risk markets which there always are, markets are not in general efficient, and there is an important role for government regulation, government providing goods like basic research or support of the internet, and that kind of thing. But the ideology totally ignores this.

Let's talk for a second about current events. So much economic policy today both here and especially in Europe, seems like medieval medicine: bleed the patient, and when she gets worse, add more leeches. In other words, "austerity."

Let me put it very forcefully: No large economy has ever recovered from an economic downturn through austerity. It's not going to happen in the United States and it's not going to happen in Europe.

The book ends on a hopeful note. You say the way out of this unsustainable inequality is "self-interest, properly understood." What do you mean by that?

It's basically the realization that unless the country does well together, even the 1% won't do well. We've put a lot of money at the top, and the people in the middle, let alone the bottom, have done very badly. So let's focus on what makes our society as a whole work well.

What would you include in that category?

Education, investments in technology, infrastructure; and you have to start looking at our legal framework: anti-trust, corporate governance, financial regulations, tax laws that are riddled with loopholes that distort our economy - all these have to be changed to try to make our society and our economy work for all Americans, not just the top.

But what are the chances of getting any of it done?

When you have a highly divided society, it's hard to come together to make investments in the common good. One of two things - or both - can happen: One, the 1 percent will realize that the direction we're going is not even in their own self interest, and, two, the 99 percent realize that they've been sold a bill of goods. And I hope my book will make it clear that we have reached a level of inequality that is really intolerable and that we are all paying that price. And there really are simple remedies that we could implement if we only had the political will.

Joseph E. Stiglitz, a Nobel laureate in economics, has pioneered pathbreaking theories in the fields of economic information, taxation, development, trade, and technical change. He is currently a professor at Columbia University, and is the author of "The Price of Inequality: How Today's Divided Society Endangers Our Future."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0003720-52f449cbdd4c6a529bebaf851d224969.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000021476 00000000000 015203  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Donald Trump, a man who doesn’t know when to stop talking, wishes the US military would stop talking about its plans to help retake the ISIS-held city of Mosul.

During Wednesday's debate, Trump said Gens. George Patton and Douglas MacArthur would be "spinning in their grave" over the Pentagon’s public discussions of the ongoing push to reconquer Mosul, which began earlier this week. Trump has refused to answer any questions about his own strategy for fighting ISIS because he says he wants to maintain the element of surprise. On Wednesday, he said the US had tipped its hand too early, giving ISIS time to get key leaders out of the city and bolster its defenses.

"Why can't they do it quietly? Why can't they do the attack, make it a sneak attack, and after the attack is made, inform the American public that we've knocked out the leaders, we've had a tremendous success?" Trump had asked at an earlier debate. "Why do they have to say we're going to be attacking Mosul within the next four to six weeks?"

On its face, it seems like a reasonable question. The wars we see in movies and on TV tend to involve well-trained troops swooping in at night to overrun enemies who had no idea they were coming. They don’t tend to involve PowerPoint presentations with maps of the areas that will be hit and a rough chronology of how the attack will unfold.

Dig a little deeper, though, and it becomes clear that Trump is wrong on two counts. First, there are legitimate military and political reasons why operations as big as the coming Mosul fight can't be prepared in complete silence. And second, ISIS isn't stupid, and the US hasn't said anything publicly that the group didn't already know.

"An ISIS that didn’t know there’d be an attempt to retake Mosul would be an ISIS that was too stupid to have taken Mosul in the first place," said Stephen Biddle, a professor of political science and international relations at George Washington University. "If ISIS wasn’t already preparing, they’d be guilty of military negligence, and we would be delighted that they’re so incompetent."

Or as Michael Knights of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy put it, "There’s no sneaking up on the other side’s capital. We didn’t sneak up on Berlin in World War II, and we’re not going to do a surprise attack on Mosul either."

The war over the war for Mosul

Trump isn’t the first to accuse the Pentagon of giving away the store.

In February 2015, an unnamed officer from US Central Command, which oversees the war against ISIS, told reporters that the offensive to retake Mosul would begin that April or May and include up to 25,000 Iraqi and Kurdish security forces.

The level of detail — which included the directions the Kurds would attack from and the Pentagon’s plan to use former Mosul police officers in the fight — surprised reporters and prompted Sens. John McCain and Lindsey Graham to allege that Centcom had "knowingly briefed our own war plans to our enemies" and put US and Iraqi lives at risk.

The briefing also infuriated senior Iraqi officials, who hadn’t been notified in advance that the US planned to share so much. Iraqi Defense Minister Khaled al-Obeidi said at the time that Baghdad, not Washington, would decide when the assault began. "A military official should not reveal the timing of the offensive," Obeidi said.

A lot has changed since then, however. Backed by US airpower and military aid, Iraqi and Kurdish forces have rooted ISIS from its former strongholds in Ramadi and Fallujah and moved steadily closer to Mosul. The US estimates that ISIS has lost 47 percent of the territory it once held in Iraq.

On the ground, meanwhile, tens of thousands of Iraqi troops, Kurdish peshmerga, and Sunni tribal fighters are massing outside Mosul in advance of the attack.

That takes us to a broader point: Preparing to launch a massive military operation to retake Iraq’s second-largest city is not the kind of thing that can be done stealthily. It’s literally not possible to move tens of thousands of troops, heavy artillery, and other equipment to the outskirts of the city a couple of hours before the attack is supposed to begin.

Making matters even harder, the 20,000 to 30,000 troops that will take part in the offensive aren’t part of a central, unified command. Moving fighters from so many different groups — some members of a formal army, some just tribal fighters with minimal training — and all of their weapons and equipment into place around a city as big as Mosul takes a while. And the idea that all that activity would go unnoticed by ISIS fighters in Mosul and the surrounding areas beggars belief.

So even if the Obama administration hadn’t announced that it planned to retake Mosul soon, ISIS would still have known. They’re terrorists, not blind.

And indeed, the US buildup hasn’t gone unnoticed by ISIS, which has spent months fortifying its positions inside Mosul. That’s the other reason Trump is wrong to worry about the US losing the element of surprise. Washington never had it in the first place.

ISIS is already preparing for war — and has been for a long time

It’s been two years since Mosul fell to ISIS, which means that ISIS has had two years to stockpile weapons and build up an extensive network of defensive fortifications. Among them, according to CNN: oil-filled moats ringing the outskirts of the city that can "be set ablaze to obscure the vision of coalition air power."

Other news reports indicate that ISIS is building walls and trenches to make it harder for ground troops to enter Mosul while also digging tunnels so its fighters will be able to wage a guerrilla war inside the densely populated city.

Senior ISIS leaders, meanwhile, have already either fled Mosul or gone into hiding because of the unrelenting US effort to track and kill them from the air. The head of ISIS, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, gave a triumphant public address after capturing the city in 2014. He hasn’t been seen in Mosul since.

"The idea that Baghdadi would have been hanging out in a cafe in Mosul drinking coffee if we hadn’t telegraphed that we’re coming is just silly," Biddle said.

And that, in a nutshell, is the single biggest problem with Trump’s argument.

There are aspects of the coming Mosul offensive that would without question do real damage if made public. ISIS would benefit from knowing the exact day the offensive will begin, the roads coalition troops will take into Mosul, the radio frequencies they’ll use to communicate, the buildings they plan to target, and other details about how the US and its allies hope to conquer the city.

The US hasn't disclosed any of those things. The Pentagon has hinted that the offensive would begin at the end of October or in early November, given a very broad estimate of the number of troops that will take part, and made the obvious points that the Kurds stationed north of the city would attack from the north while the Iraqi and tribal forces operating south of Mosul would move up from the south. It's hard to imagine the US getting more specific as the fighting draws nearer.

"On a daily basis, we’re using tactical surprise very effectively to kill ISIS leaders," Knights said. "When a basic guided bomb drops out of the air, they get no warning whatsoever. So we’re hardly excessively telegraphing many of the aspects of the campaign."

There’s good reason to talk about invading Mosul before the fighting starts

Announcing that a major military operation to kick ISIS out of one of its most important strongholds is just around the corner also has clear public relations value.

The anti-ISIS coalition runs the gamut from independence-minded Kurds to Sunni tribal fighters wary of what they see as a pro-Iranian government in Baghdad. Keeping them on the same page is easier when there’s tangible progress to point to — and when they can be told that the climactic battle for Mosul is imminent.

Talking up the offensive also offers a morale boost for the civilians trapped inside the city, since they’re now effectively being told, "Hold on a little longer — help is on the way."

Indeed, the US-led coalition has dropped fliers over the city promising the people there that they have not been forgotten and that they will be liberated for this same reason.

And, finally, it serves to counteract ISIS propaganda. ISIS’s Arabic motto translates to "enduring and expanding," and much of its appeal and legitimacy derives from its success on the battlefield and its control of a large swath of territory in Iraq and Syria that it claims is the caliphate reborn.

Defeating the group on the battlefield is hard, but counteracting its propaganda is even harder. That’s what makes the battle for Mosul so important. Taking back the city would deal ISIS a body blow militarily while also making its messages of strength and power ring hollow. And that’s something that would definitely be worth talking about.                                                                                                                                                                                                  0003766-75ac74df33d14173726d18ced9a3aefe.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004722 00000000000 015262  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Solar Cash Grant Extension to be in Saturday’s Tax Cuts Vote!

December 3rd, 2010 by Susan Kraemer

Tomorrow a vote is to be held on continuing the middle class cuts (while letting millionaires now scrape by on a tax cut on merely the bottom $250,000 of their income) and into this bill, Senator Baucus has slipped some goodies for us climate hawks who love clean energy solutions.

The Hill is reporting that Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus has an amendment within the tax bill, to extend Section 1603, the cash grants for renewable projects.

Amendment 4727 will extend the hugely popular and effective Section 1603 cash grants for renewable projects that was to have expired at the end of this year.

The 30% cash grants from the stimulus bill (The Recovery Act of 2009) have fueled unprecedented growth of renewable development in the US (as much as in the entire last 30 years combined; putting an estimated 16 Gigawatts of renewable energy on the grid.)

But they were to have expired on December 31st, 2010, on the assumption that the economy would have righted itself by now after the Great Recession of 2008. But that is not the case, and at least 11 Gigawatts has to make it by then, or turn into a pumpkin.

I have noted before that Senator Baucus has a history of quietly slipping in amendments favorable to renewable energy into other bills. In 2008, when the Bush bank bailout had to be passed, (remember how Wall St dropped 700 points in a day) he quietly slipped in the PTC extension.

Here’s what’s in tomorrow’s amendment.

Domestic energy manufacturing. The bill provides an additional $2.5 billion in funding for the Section 48C advanced manufacturing tax credit. Section 48C was established in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act to provide a 30% investment tax credit for facilities engaged in the manufacture of advanced energy property. Credits are available only for projects certified by the Secretary of Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, through a competitive bidding process.

Payment in lieu of production and investment credits. The bill codifies the direct payment in lieu of tax credit program that was initially created by Section 1603 of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, and extends the program through December 31, 2011.

There is lots more good stuff too. Worth a read! Amendment 4727 (PDF). Here’s where to find the vote tomorrow, live on C-Span2at 7 AM PST.

Image: Streets Blog

Susan Kraemer@Twitter











                                              0003823-4df0db4c0ae88959e67078a8acc6f3ce.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001716 00000000000 015347  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A slew of recent norovirus outbreaks on passenger cruises, including two on the same ship, have prompted the Centers for Disease and Control and Prevention to investigate, according to a report by CNN.

Several passengers aboard Royal Caribbean’s Grandeur of the Seas began experiencing symptoms of the disease, which causes vomiting and diarrhea. About 105 of the approximately 3000 passengers and crewmembers onboard were said to be impacted during the ship’s April 5 – 12 cruise.

The week before, another breakout of the disease afflicted 117 passengers and crew members, the CDC said in a news release. The ship docked in Baltimore to allow to health officers and an epidemiologist to board and conduct and initiate and investigation.

Another 152 people were affected by an outbreak aboard Princess Cruises' Crown Princess that ended Saturday in Los Angeles affected. A CDC health officer will evaluate the situation on that ship.

Read the full report here.



                                                  0003843-039f5eecfd5094604b4fc81d9f0214c0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003350 00000000000 015104  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Tennessee State Rep. Rick Womick (R-Murfreesboro) is facing growing criticism for his comments, first reported by ThinkProgress, calling for a purge of all Muslims from the U.S. military.

Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam (R) told The Nashville Scene, “I don’t think I would agree with Rick on that.” But when pressed to denounce Womick’s comments, as Muslim community groups have been urging, Haslam came up short, saying “I don’t know that’s my role. I would just say that on that issue I don’t agree with Rick.”

Haslam might be slow to denounce Womick’s comments that Muslims should be forced out of the military, but Womick is finding few defenders in his party.

The Murfreesboro Daily News Journal contacted Republican State Reps. Joe Carr, Pat Marsh, Bill Ketron, Jim Tracy and Mike Sparks for contact but none of them chose to comment on the controversy surrounding Womick.

Advertisement

While Republicans remain silent about Womick’s decision to denounce all Muslims in the U.S. military on Veterans Day, Muslim community groups are calling on Womick to issue an apology and for Tennessee politicians to publicly rebuke Womick’s anti-Muslim statements.

Islamic Center of Tennessee educator Abdul Rahman Chao told Nashville’s News Channel 5:

I think what he says has great implications, and I think he should not only retract what he said but also apologize to all people who are Muslims who are serving the military as well as all Muslims in the United States of America, because that bigotry only leads people to alienation and hate.

Watch it:

The Council on American Islamic-Relations (CAIR) issued a statement calling on the Tennessee General Assembly to formally rebuke Womick for “defaming all members of the military.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0003755-f3e7bc4f47b0c6537ea02c251f214ace.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010744 00000000000 015236  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Update, Jan. 11, 5:00PM: Mark Zuckerman, a federal prosecutor in the New Hampshire U.S. Attorney’s Office, told TPM he recently became aware of the Project Veritas video and was reviewing it but hadn’t formed any opinion on whether it presented an issue.

It was one of the few — if not the only — coordinated efforts to attempt in-person voter fraud, and it was pulled off by affiliates of conservative activist James O’Keefe at polling places in New Hampshire Tuesday night. All of it part of an attempt to prove the need for voter ID laws that voting rights experts say have a unfair impact on minority voters.

Now election law experts tell TPM that O’Keefe’s allies could face criminal charges on both the federal and state level for procuring ballots under false names, and that his undercover sting doesn’t demonstrate a need for voter ID laws at all.Federal law bans not only the casting of, but the “procurement” of ballots “that are known by the person to be materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent under the laws of the State in which the election is held.”

Hamline University law professor David Schultz told TPM that there’s “no doubt” that O’Keefe’s investigators violated the law.

“In either case, if they were intentionally going in and trying to fraudulently obtain a ballot, they violated the law,” Schultz said. “So right off the bat, what they did violated the law.”

Election law expert Rick Hasen, who writes the Election Law Blog, joked in an email to TPM that O’Keefe’s team should “next show how easy it is to rob a bank with a plastic gun.”

“Who in their right mind would risk a felony conviction for this? And who would be able to do this in large enough numbers to (1) affect the outcome of the election and (2) remain undetected?” Hasen wrote.

Other election experts agreed that the video doesn’t change the substance of the debate over whether the minimal threat of in-person voter fraud is worth the impact that such laws can have on minority and poor voters.

“The fact that activists can engage in a stunt is not a reason for reform,” Samuel Issacharoff, a professor of constitutional law at New York University Law School, told TPM. “It means nothing. Why would anybody want to do this? It proves that they don’t update their dead voter information as quickly as they might, but so what? To pull this off on a large scale, you’d need coordination, and presumably somebody would have heard about it.”

Someone did, in fact, catch on to the scheme when a man dressed in a suit and tie tried to vote as a dead man known to the poll watcher. The man left before police arrived and said the poll watcher would “soon find out” why he tried to vote under a fake name, the Boston Herald reported Tuesday night.

Henry Brady of the University of California told TPM that O’Keefe’s video showed that what his team did was “possible” but said that was never really a question. He also said that other techniques short of voter ID — like asking voters to sign a roll when they receive their ballot — would stop the type of fraud O’Keefe’s allies were attempting.

“Yes, this shows it’s possible to do what they did but you have to ask yourself… how many illegal immigrants would risk a jail term to vote illegally?” Brady said. “What they didn’t tell us, were they ever stopped and asked what’s going on here.”

John Samples of Cato told TPM that this would be a political issue and that O’Keefe was “pushing on an open door” because voter ID is politically popular. But he questioned whether it was worth the risk for O’Keefe.

“This is illegal, right? This is fraud and you would think he would actually get into trouble for doing this,” Samples told TPM.

Samples said that O’Keefe’s video could have an impact in the political fight over voter ID laws but “in the judicial fights — and the fight amongst wonks — it wouldn’t change much. The big question for policy always was what was the extent of it, and this doesn’t solve that question.”

The video, first obtained by the Daily Caller, is embedded below.

Late update: Richard Head of the New Hampshire Attorney General’s office issued this statement to TPM: “We became aware of the issue yesterday on election day, and immediately began conducting an investigation. In addition, based upon the information we received yesterday and the information in the video, we’ve initiated a comprehensive review of voting procedures with the Secretary of State.”                            0003845-379414c76eaff7e11cdedd9d970e3499.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004436 00000000000 015230  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        How birds’ beaks evolved characteristic shapes to eat different food is a classic example of evolution by natural selection.

However, new research from the Universities of Bristol, Sheffield, Madrid and York, published today in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, found this does not apply to all species, and that raptors in particular have not enjoyed this evolutionary flexibility.

Lead author of the study, Dr Jen Bright, of the University of Sheffield, said: “Our results show that in birds of prey such as eagles and falcons, the shapes of the skulls change in a predictable way as species increase or decrease in size. The shape of the beak is linked to the shape of the skull, and these birds can’t change one without changing the other.

“We think that being able to break this constraint – letting the beak evolve independently from the braincase, may have been a key factor in enabling the rapid and explosive evolution of the thousands of species of songbirds such as Darwin’s finches and Hawaiian honeycreepers”.

The researchers used a method that allowed them to statistically quantify variation in the shape of predatory bird skulls and see how this shape variation compared with size, what the birds ate and how they are related to each other.

“Our research does not cast doubt on Darwin’s ideas, far from it,” said project lead Professor Emily Rayfield, of the University of Bristol. “Instead it demonstrates how evolution has constrained raptor skulls to a particular range of shapes.”

“Basically, if you’re a bird of prey and you’re small, you look like a tiny falcon, and if you’re a bird of prey and you’re large, your skull looks like a vulture,” said co-author Jesus Marugán-Lobón, of the Autonomous University of Madrid.

The team are now keen to extend and test their ideas in other groups of birds. Project lead Dr Sam Cobb, of the University of York said: “Our results are important because they may help us identify one of the driving factors behind the outstanding diversity of bird species we see in the modern world.”

Paper

‘The shapes of bird beaks are highly controlled by nondietary factors’ by Jen A. Bright, Jesús Marugán-Lobón, Samuel N. Cobb and Emily J. Rayfield in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0003837-c6debc51a89fc54f101e9f5d942ed379.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003540 00000000000 015272  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        488 Bitcoin / Bitcoin Discussion / Re: What's with this odd generation? on: February 14, 2010, 06:28:03 AM Quote from: theymos on February 12, 2010, 08:31:52 AM Does the sending client send more BitCoins to account for the fee (so the recipient gets what he's expecting)?

Yes.



Quote from: SmokeTooMuch on February 12, 2010, 01:11:09 PM why do we even need fees ? i thougt the no-fees-feature was one of the advantages of bitcoin ?!

Almost all transactions are free. A transaction is over the maximum size limit if it has to add up more than 500 of the largest payments you've received to make up the amount. A transaction over the size limit can still be sent if a small fee is added.



The average transaction, and anything up to 500 times bigger than average, is free.



It's only when you're sending a really huge transaction that the transaction fee ever comes into play, and even then it only works out to something like 0.002% of the amount. It's not money sucked out of the system, it just goes to other nodes. If you're sad about paying the fee, you could always turn the tables and run a node yourself and maybe someday rake in a 0.44 fee yourself. Yes.Almost all transactions are free. A transaction is over the maximum size limit if it has to add up more than 500 of the largest payments you've received to make up the amount. A transaction over the size limit can still be sent if a small fee is added.The average transaction, and anything up to 500 times bigger than average, is free.It's only when you're sending a really huge transaction that the transaction fee ever comes into play, and even then it only works out to something like 0.002% of the amount. It's not money sucked out of the system, it just goes to other nodes. If you're sad about paying the fee, you could always turn the tables and run a node yourself and maybe someday rake in a 0.44 fee yourself.                                                                                                                                                                0003771-510bce04f8e9b4c995b92890b1585ca4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002314 00000000000 015037  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Senate Judiciary Committee is launching a probe into an allegation that Hillary Clinton's State Department threatened a foreign government.

"Clinton Cash" author Peter Schweizer said Clinton pressured Bangladeshi Prime Minister Hasina Wazed to drop an investigation of a Clinton Foundation donor.

He said the State Department pressured Wazed to dismiss a corruption investigation of businessman Mohammad Yunnus.

Tomi Lahren: 'The New Generation Is Fighting for Segregation'

Ted Cruz: 'Maddening' That Feds Refused to Act on Domestic Terror Intel

CNN Host: Trump 'A Piece of S--t' for His Response to London Attack

"If they didn't do that, they would have the IRS audit her son," Schweizer said.

Sajeeb Wazed Joy has lived in the United States for about 20 years.

If the allegations prove true, Schweizer said "siccing the IRS on foreign government officials and their families is beyond the pale."

"[This] fits the pattern of behavior of the Clintons," he said.

Watch the clip above.

'That Was My Hope': In Lawsuit, O'Malley Admits Gerrymandering MD to Boot GOP

Brad Thor: 'We Have Zero-Tolerance for Child Porn', Why Not for Radical Islam

Ted Cruz: 'Maddening' That Feds Refused to Act on Domestic Terror Intel                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0003806-ab52640b5d1d74e813d79df53f97a1c0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004415 00000000000 015110  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters

— State health officials reported Thursday that a resident who recently traveled to the Caribbean has the first confirmed case in North Carolina of chikungunya, a virus transmitted through the bite of an infected mosquito.

There are no documented cases of the virus being acquired in North Carolina or the continental United States, according to the Department of Health and Human Services. But the Asian tiger mosquito, which is common in North Carolina, could transmit the virus.

Infected persons usually experience the sudden onset of fever and severe joint pain in the hands and feet. The pain typically improves within a week, but it may last for months or years in some patients.

Vulnerable groups, including newborns, those over 65 and those with chronic illness, risk a more severe form of the disease. In rare cases, patients have died.

The state did not give the gender, age, location or condition of the infected person in North Carolina.

Health officials said chikunguya was first found in East Africa, India, the Indian Ocean and western Pacific. It made its way to the Caribbean last December through travelers returning from affected areas.

As of June 6, more than 130,000 people in the Caribbean have become ill with the virus, according to the World Health Organization. There are 27 confirmed cases in the United States.

"With North Carolina residents traveling to and from the Caribbean and other affected areas, we have been monitoring for possible imported cases," State Epidemiologist Dr. Megan Davies said. "Anyone experiencing symptoms of chikungunya should contact a physician and minimize exposure to mosquitoes to reduce the risk of transmitting the virus to others. Travelers who visit countries where chikungunya is widespread should take extra precaution against mosquito bites."

The Division of Public Health is advising residents to discourage breeding of the Asian tiger mosquito, which is aggressive in daylight and can breed in small water containers. Residents should remove outside containers that can hold water, frequently change water in bird baths and pet bowls, repair leaky outdoor faucets, tightly cover rain barrels, keep gutters clean and use screens on windows and doors.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003764-3eeda83bc110db0218981ee3ed53b706.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006410 00000000000 015153  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        It was going to happen sooner or later: Playboy’s plans to open clubs in Goa are facing opposition from local politicians.

Michael Lobo, a member of the state assembly for Goa’s ruling Bharatiya Janata Party, is leading the crusade against Playboy, saying he will go on hunger strike if the local government gives the adult entertainment brand a green light to open clubs in his home state.

"Playboy is nothing but a glorified dance bar or a glorified prostitution joint," an enraged Mr. Lobo told India Real Time. He is worried the Playboy Clubs will somewhat turn Goa – already popular with partygoers from around the world – into a “sex tourism destination.”

If the clubs open, "families won't come here," he said.

As many as 120 Playboy-branded clubs, hotels, fashion bars and cafés are set to open in India over the next 10 years, starting with clubs in Goa at some point this year. The location for the first Playboy Club is Calangute – the Goa constituency Mr. Lobo is from.

Mounting political opposition to Playboy may thwart these plans.

Wilfred Mesquita, a spokesman for the BJP in Goa, said: “Anything which affects the morality and culture of Goa will be opposed by the party. If this Playboy is the same Playboy which is abroad, then we will definitely oppose it." He added his party is looking into what form the Playboy Clubs would take in India, and respond accordingly.

Subhash Shirodkar, a senior member of the rival Congress party in Goa, said his party is opposed to Playboy Clubs.

Adult entertainment is widely frowned upon in India. This is the key reason why Playboy magazine isn't even permitted on local newsstands.

In keeping with local cultural sensitivities, the Playboy brand has been significantly toned down in India.

For instance, Playboy bunnies in India will show less skin, says Sanjay Gupta, chief executive officer of PB Lifestyle Ltd., a Mumbai-based company that has an exclusive license to market Playboy merchandise and to set up and manage clubs here.

The original bunny suit – the outfit worn by waitresses in Playboy Clubs– has been modified to suit Indian sensibilities.

"Playboy bunnies are integral to Playboy clubs and we have told them that we have toned down the bunny outfit," Mr. Gupta told India Real Time. In India the so-called “bunnies” will wear full-length sheer skirts and tube tops.

"We filed an affidavit to the government categorically stating that as far as our club format goes, there is definitely no vulgarity," Mr. Gupta told India Real Time. PB Lifestyle is unrelated to the empire of Playboy magazine founder Hugh Hefner.

Failure to secure a license from Goa’s tourism department has already delayed the opening of the first club by several months. But Mr. Gupta is confident that the company will secure the license it needs from Goa’s tourism department.

Dilip Parulekar, Goa’s tourism minister, told India Real Time he will discuss the Playboy license this weekend with chief minister Manohar Parrikar.

Previously, Mr. Lobo has crusaded against dance bars in his constituency. He said he got 14 dance bars, a front for prostitution which is illegal in India, to shut down.

Follow India Real Time on Twitter @indiarealtime.

Playboy CEO Discusses the Future of Playboy



Hugh Hefner on His Girlfriends, Son and Movie                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0003797-2e30528faebce696d7b50beb7d40b2b7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001743 00000000000 015334  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        According to a post on Maxconsole, a court in Paris has just dismissed a lawsuit filed by Nintendo over the use of flash carts on the DS. Apparently, the gamemaker was attempting to halt the use of the cartridges due to their ability to circumvent copy protection and allow for pirating of software, but a judge in France took a decidedly different view. As the carts are often used for homebrew and DIY projects, the court holds that owners of the console should be able to develop software much as a license holder of Windows might. Furthermore, the article claims that the court also deemed Nintendo's strict control of development "illegal" (Maxconsole's words), and said that development of software for the system shouldn't be hamstrung by the need for proprietary kits. This ruling follows a recent Spanish case in which the court dismissed Nintendo's lawsuit over flash carts claiming that while the add-ons do violate DRM, they also legitimately extend the functionality of the console.                             0003791-a452bc1b06b6c88eedda3963d68fbe09.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002667 00000000000 015346  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        U.S. military uniforms aren't known for being trendy, despite the fashion industry's occasional embrace of camo. But unbeknownst to us non-military folks, the Army and Navy have been mandating hipster fashion for years in the form of Birth Control Glasses.

According to news reports, the U.S. military has been issuing the S9, brown, chunky, plastic-rimmed prescription glasses, for years. Soldiers who needed to wear glasses had no other choice but to wear the ugly frames.

But they were so nerdy that they became known military-wide as Birth Control Glasses, or BCGs (the army loves its abbreviations).

"The standard issue spectacles are so ugly that some troops stuff them in their trunks as soon as they leave training," said NPR's Robert Siegel. So the military has finally decided to upgrade to something a bit hipper, more rectangular black frames called the 5A.

Except the military has forgotten one crucial fact: Birth Control Glasses are actually cool. Fashion blogger Leandra Medine, a.k.a. The Man Repeller, has been calling her geek-chic specs "birth control glasses" since she started her blog. Whole neighborhoods in Brooklyn are filled with hipsters wearing S9 replicas.

In fact, if the military is looking to dump the remaining S9 frames, we recommend they simply sell them on eBay and Etsy. That'd be one way to close the budget deficit.

Check them out below and hear more about the switch from BCGs to less geeky specs on NPR.org.

PHOTO:                                                                         0003808-397576478d988a0ac447b983e839e42f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005621 00000000000 014662  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Paralyzed Graffiti Artist Draws With His Eyes

Enlarge this image toggle caption EyeWriter.org EyeWriter.org

A group of artists and hackers have crafted a gadget that lets a paralyzed graffiti artist continue making art using only his eyes. And it costs about as much as an iPod shuffle.

Zach Lieberman of the Graffiti Research Lab started working on the EyeWriter with one man in mind: Los Angeles-based graffiti artist Tony Quan. In 2003, Quan was diagnosed with Lou Gehrig's disease, leaving virtually every muscle in his body paralyzed except for his eyes. Lieberman and developers from Free Art and Technology, OpenFrameworks and the Ebeling Group were inspired to create low-cost, open-source hardware and software for eye-tracking to help Quan draw again.

Eye-tracking technology, in which computers and small cameras harness eye movements for writing, highlighting Web site text and other tasks, has led to digital tools for users with disabilities. However, as Lieberman tells NPR’s Liane Hansen, those devices usually have hefty price tags.

Web Resources More About The EyeWriter

"Commercial eye-trackers, to get a device is $10,000-$15,000," he says. The EyeWriter is estimated to cost about $50. He and his hacker colleagues have a do-it-yourself kit for building an EyeWriter that starts with a pair of sunglasses. For Lieberman’s prototype, he bought a pair from a vendor at Venice Beach.

"Then we assembled a kind of wire frame that holds a Web cam, a small camera that we've mounted close to the eye," he explains. "We've written software that tracks the eye, and then we calibrate with [Quan's] eye movements and the computer screen."

Quan can draw lines and color within them, though graffiti-writing with the EyeWriter is nowhere near as fast as shaking up a can of spray paint and drawing by hand.

"But he can plot points. And from plotting points, create letters. And from creating letters, create words. And then color the words, shade the words, extrude them in 3-D, add different features," Lieberman says.

Enlarge this image toggle caption EyeWriter.org EyeWriter.org

The artist-hacker team studied Quan's art and his love of letter forms in order to produce the most effective software for him. They've just won a FutureEverything Award for innovation. That honor includes a cash prize, but Lieberman says he and the developers aren't interested in following the stereotypical storyline for a tech start-up: splashy launch, market saturation, initial public offering, high-priced sale. They want to help people who could use the EyeWriter to communicate, whether by graffiti or much simpler written words.

"There are people who have loved ones who have ALS or locked-in syndrome ... or other diseases, where having that option, at least, of a kind of device that you can build for somebody in need is really important and really necessary," he says. "We're not in it to make money. This is really coming from the heart."                                                                                                               0003839-b1a06808c8dedb5c369543426c6f5e8f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004037 00000000000 015132  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        If there’s one thing the British are famous for it’s our ability to politely queue for anything. If it were possible for corpses to form an orderly line you’d be able to take great photos outside of our funeral parlors.

In China there’s no such thing as queuing, it’s a concept that just hasn’t caught on. In Arabia I learned the subtle art of queue jumping from the Arabs, and the apologetic face of “sorry I didn’t know” that allows you to get away with anything up to murder, but that’s wasted here too.

The Chinese solution is to pretend that you are the only person in the room, and that you are the most important person in the world. You angle your elbows out, and simply shove anyone in the way aside.

I’ve seen a young guy drag an elderly couple (both of whom were using walking aids) to the ground, in order to jostle for a better position at the security scanners on the subway. His mistake, as I promptly grabbed him, gave him a loud and noisy bollocking (causing him to lose face) and then dragged him to the back of the throng.

I’d paid my bill in Starbucks one day, to suddenly find the fist of a Chinese man under my nose clutching his money. I’m not sure what he was expecting given that I was clearly waiting for my change, but what he got was grabbed by the arm and flung out of the door. He then came back looking very contrite and mumbling “di bu qi” (sorry in Chinese) at me.

I also watched a very large German guy lose it in a bank one day after he’d waited patiently for an hour to get to the teller window when a tiny Chinese chap darted in front of him. He walked up, picked the guy by his hair, and then carried him to the end of the line. In this case it wasn’t worth it, as he then spent twenty minutes explaining to jittery armed security why he’d done it in broken Mandarin.

There’s no malice in this failure to queue it’s just how it is, and the only way to cope is to learn to do it yourself or accept it whilst rolling your eyes and tutting. In my case that depends on how hung-over I am on the day.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0003542-4bd02d2c2aa71e3feab67e04723ff0a1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007130 00000000000 015270  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Custom Search

September 2017 Comic Book Sales to Comics Shops

Estimated Comics Shipped to North American Comics Shops

Based on Reports from Diamond Comic Distributors

Search for titles on Comichron! Search tips

While September closed out the worst quarter year-over-year (off nearly 16% in dollar terms) in nearly a decade and a half, it was the best of the three months in comparison with the same month the previous year. Overall orders were down 6%, while orders for Marvel comics and graphic novels were up 14% in dollar terms over the previous September, an increase of about $2 million at retail. That represented the publisher's best year-over-year performance since June 2016.



A major part was the chart-topping Marvel Legacy #1, which played on DC's earlier success with lenticular covers. With lenticular and non-lenticular versions at the same cover price, combined orders were reported as one entry in the charts, totaling more than 298,000 copies and becoming the top-seller of the year thus far. While Marvel did some deep-discounting on graphic novels, the effect was partially offset by several Omnibus editions priced at over $100. Marvel's 88 new comic books in September was also the smallest number of periodical releases for the publisher in any month during the year.



Marvel's improvement relative to its past performance continued to reverse the trend seen earlier in 2017, in which the publisher was entirely responsible for the industry's decline in dollar terms; as of September it was DC, up against the previous year's Rebirth numbers, which accounted for most of the loss. But there, too, DC's rate of decline in September was nearly half what it was in August, thanks to the continuation of its Dark Multiverse event and the fact that Rebirth was starting to come down off its heights from the previous year. DC had two Action Comics issues with lenticular and regular editions; combined, they would have made the top 10.



Retailers ordered 24% more copies DC's Mister Miracle #2 than they had ordered of the first issue the month before, an infrequent occurence usually associated with high reorder activity.



The 50th place comic book was up above 40,000 copies for the first time since January; the level was significant because few years in the 21st Century to that point had seen the 50th place title regularly go above it.



Read more in our preliminary and final analysis posts for the month. You can also click to skip to the Top Graphic Novels for the month.



—John Jackson Miller

This list includes all items on Diamond's Top 300 charts, plus any post-#300 items from its Top 50 Indy and Small Publisher charts. If you don't see a book, Diamond released no data for it.

Items marked with asterisks [*] had their reported orders reduced by 10% due to returnability.

Distributor charts are regional commodity reports, not measures of a work's total reach. Read our FAQ.

The links lead to current listings for each item on eBay. You can also find the books at your comics shop.





September 2017 Graphic Novel Sales to Comics Shops

Estimated Graphic Novels and Trade Paperbacks Shipped to North American Comics Shops Based on Reports from Diamond Comic Distributors

This list includes all items on Diamond's Top 300 charts, plus any post-#300 items from its Top 50 Indy, Manga, and Small Publisher charts. If you don't see a book, Diamond released no data for it.

The links lead to details about each title on Amazon. You can also find the books at your comics shop.

#1 #2 #3 #4

A new Walking Dead volume led the chart in a month in which graphic novel sales continued to lag behind periodical sales.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0003861-0941d008d96ed541fb9d8889a91a28c6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006574 00000000000 015005  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Demand For Quinoa A Boon For Bolivian Farmers

Enlarge this image toggle caption Juan Karita/AP Juan Karita/AP

Quinoa, once a staple of the Incas, is now increasingly popular in the U.S. It's high in protein and iron, and much of it comes from the windswept, high-altitude plains of Bolivia, known as the altiplano.

The Bolivian altiplano doesn't look like good farmland. It doesn't even look fertile. Everything is covered in bleached-out scrub and rocks. Llamas graze on the barren landscape amid occasional whirls of dust.

But this seemingly hostile environment has ideal conditions for quinoa: It's about 2 miles above sea level, sandy and arid. The nearby Uyuni salt flat provides the right minerals, and dung from herds of grazing llamas and sheep means good fertilizer.

Lives Transformed

Farmer Ernesto Choquetopa admires the soil. He says quinoa's recent popularity is changing the lives of farmers.

"Before people didn't go to study," he says. "They were born, they grew up, and that was it. They went on to herd sheep and llamas. Nothing more.

"Now people here, we think about doing something with our lives."

Thanks to his earnings from quinoa, Choquetopa's oldest daughter is now in medical school.

The dark-green quinoa plants have cone-shaped flowers, filled with the edible seeds, and look like a cross between broccoli and lupines. Once ready for harvest, they'll turn gold, deep red, even purple.

Choquetopa is part of an association of organic farmers. His harvest will go to their processing plant where it is cleaned, rinsed, packaged and bought by exporters like Fabricio Nunez, general manager of Andean Naturals, which sources quinoa to stores such as Whole Foods and Trader Joe's.

"Once we promoted it and the product was on the shelves, it started flying off," Nunez said. "People are still looking for quinoa and we're not able to supply as fast as they want it."

Rising Cost

But for all the health benefits, and the way sales support small farmers, popularity abroad is pushing up prices and gradually making it harder for Bolivians to buy.

Nunez says a few years ago, 16 ounces of Andean Naturals quinoa retailed for $2 at Trader Joe's. It's now $4. And if prices keep climbing, quinoa could stop showing up in traditional soups and porridges in Bolivia.

But on the street corners of downtown La Paz, quinoa remains a popular breakfast: The delicate, curly seeds are served with hot milk and sugar, as a thick drink. At about 30 cents for an 8-ounce cup, it's still cheap even by Bolivian standards.

The Bolivian government is backing quinoa, supporting loans to small farmers and promoting internal consumption by giving rations to pregnant women and young children.

Dr. Margarita Flores, who works for Bolivia's Ministry of Health and oversees the program, says that a drop in production would worry the government because Bolivia has obligations at home and abroad to produce quinoa, and because it's part of the country's strategy to fight malnutrition.

The challenge is striking a balance. In spite of growing prosperity, many quinoa farmers are concerned about the environment. In fact, in Choquetapo's community, people who use chemical fertilizers or uproot native grasses around quinoa fields are fined, or even punished.

"We want to keep the production sustainable," Choquetapo says. "We don't want to exploit every bit of it. This piece of earth has to support our kids and grandchildren, too."                                                                                                                                    0003829-211d797dc8d4a732ecd271de1b0cdef2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012444 00000000000 015326  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Nearly six years ago, then-Democratic National Committee Chairman Tim Kaine was headed to Las Cruces, New Mexico — a battleground state in the 2010 midterms commanding national attention.

The city was less than an hour's drive from El Paso, and at least one staffer, western states director Ed Espinoza, was pushing for Kaine to make a detour to help Linda Chavez-Thompson, the Democratic nominee for lieutenant governor. In Espinoza's telling, his bosses balked at the idea, but ultimately the proposal made its way to Kaine's desk.

Kaine chose to go.

"The decision was solely his, and he did it over objections from the staff above me," recalled Espinoza, now the executive director of the liberal group Progress Texas. "It was a time when the state wasn't feeling a lot of love from national Democrats."

The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.

“ There’s still a lifetime in politics, even though it’s less than 100 days. No one can be complacent. You’ve got to work hard. ” — Regina Montoya, Texas fundraiser for Hillary Clinton

It's stories like those that fill Texas Democrats' memories of Kaine, now a U.S. senator, as they prepare to welcome him to the state in a new role: the running mate for their presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton. Kaine is headlining the Clinton campaign's first major fundraisers in Texas since she wrapped up the nomination, with events planned Tuesday in Austin and Wednesday in Dallas and Fort Worth.

“To donors, he is a familiar guy, and when he was chair of the DNC, he showed up in Texas," said state Sen. Kirk Watson of Austin, a former mayor of Texas' capital city who has known Kaine since he was the mayor of Richmond, Virginia. "People got to see him, got to know him."

Back in 2010, Kaine went on to attend two events in El Paso, a campaign office opening and a canvass. Chavez-Thompson ultimately lost to GOP incumbent David Dewhurst by a massive margin, but party loyalists like Espinoza did not forget Kaine's help. Two years later, Espinoza was among the Texas Democrats who hosted a fundraiser in Austin for Kaine's Senate campaign.

This time around, the stakes are a bit higher. Clinton may have healthy leads on Trump in national and battleground polls, but her campaign is alerting its senior fundraisers about Trump's $80 million haul in July, including in an internal memo obtained by The Texas Tribune.

"This was far more than anyone expected - and should be a wake up call to all Hillary supporters," Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook wrote in the memo, which was first reported by Politico. "We must redouble our efforts in the coming weeks."

Mook went on to urge fundraisers "to take seriously the threat that Donald Trump could outraise us," warning that his small-donor operation is only getting started and has plenty of room to grow. Mook also noted how Trump, a billionaire, "has the capacity to write his campaign an eight or nine figure check, which could single-handedly tilt things in his favor."

The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.

Clinton's top Texas fundraisers are getting the message.

"There’s still a lifetime in politics, even though it’s less than 100 days," said Dallas lawyer Regina Montoya, who has seen the memo. "No one can be complacent. You’ve got to work hard.”

Montoya is a "Hillblazer" in Texas, or a supporter who has bundled at least $100,000 for the primary and general election. As of June 30, Clinton's campaign was up to 27 Hillblazers in Texas out of a few hundred across the country and some overseas.

Trump has also been busy filling his campaign coffers with Texas dollars. After making a two-day fundraising swing through the state in June that raked in close to $8 million, he is due back Aug. 23 for finance events in Fort Worth and Austin, according to invitations.

Trump's son, Donald Trump Jr., spent a day in the state last month in one of his first solo fundraising missions for his dad's campaign. The younger Trump, who raised almost $2 million between two fundraisers in Dallas and Houston, is expected to return before Election Day.

When Kaine touches down Tuesday in Texas, it will not just be to tap the ATM that Texas typically serves as in general elections. He will also hold a semi-public event in Austin to thank Clinton volunteers and promote her jobs plan, a somewhat unusual move that has some Texas Democrats buzzing that campaign sees an opening — however small — in typically beet-red Texas.

"We really feel like their combination, and of course their opponent, could lead to some seismic changes in Texas," said Austin architect Elliot Johnson, another Hillblazer. "I think that also carries over to the fundraising. I think you see a lot of people who weren’t involved in the primary are starting to donate."

“You have a lot of Republicans who really don’t know what to do with Donald Trump, some moderate Republicans," Johnson added.

The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.

Montoya said she has no doubt Kaine can lead the fundraising charge in Texas, especially when it comes to hearing out donors one-on-one. She recalled how Kaine, earlier this year at a Clinton phone bank in Nevada, "spoke in flawless Spanish to everyone there" – including at length with her 92-year-old dad.

"This is a guy that just oozes gentleman-ness," Montoya said, "just oozes the ability to listen to people."                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0003778-57358151d05fc3f8bde35bf096ffd391.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004600 00000000000 015130  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Mindless Self Indulgence fans rejoice. PINK, the long-rumored, elusive “lost” album from your favorite electro-punk anarchists will finally see the light of day on September 18th through Metropolis Records. Serving as a “prequel” to all you know about the band, this retro 1990’s album fills in the blanks of MSI’s mysterious early days.

PINK contains nineteen tracks which includes fifteen never-before-heard MSI songs plus four tracks off the self-titled EP. The album also features wild versions of Depeche Mode’s “Personal Jesus” and Duran Duran’s “Girls On Film”, a hidden song, plus an audio diary from 22 year-old Jimmy Urine, a picture anatomy of what you need to make an MSI song, retro 90’s album art, and finally – after 20 years – the reveal of the origin of the name of the band.

“Before there was Rebel… before there was Frankenstein Girls… before there was Tight… there was Pink! The MSI prequel to it all,” said the band’s supreme leader Jimmy Urine. “This album was written by twenty-something Little Jimmy Urine and produced by forty-something Little Jimmy Urine, and its the lost puzzle piece in the formation of the unique MSI sound that would eventually piss off millions of people. The songs on this record are not in chronological order because I don’t know what the word ‘chronological’ means so I just put them in order of ‘what Jimmy likes the fucking best’! And now the lost record you begged for is the reality you will regret…”

PINK can be pre-ordered NOW in all formats including a limited edition, 500-piece run of pink vinyl.

About MSI

Mindless Self Indulgence formed in New York City in 1997 and quickly made their mark with an inflammatory, indefinable hybrid sound that portended a lot of rock music to come. MSI has released five studio albums to date, cracked the Top 5 on Billboard’s Dance chart seven times (with four #1’s!) performed with the likes of Rammstein, Linkin Park, System of a Down, My Chemical Romance and The Dresden Dolls, and maintains one of the most devout and intense global fan bases in music through constant international touring and energetic live performances. MSI returned to the spotlight in 2013 with their first album in five years, the epic How I Learned To Stop Giving A Shit And Love Mindless Self Indulgence, and last year released the remix collection Fuck Machine.

Please follow and like us:                                                                                                                                0003783-d493111b9757a60fd13c5bb2dda1becb.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001461 00000000000 015307  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As kids, who among us never dreamed of growing up to be a sailor? After we go to space, naturally. This arcade game was created for those who never forgot their childhood dreams. And so, you are now looking through the periscope of a submarine and the enemy ships are sailing audaciously across the horizon, back and forth. Press “Start” and the green point representing a moving torpedo rushes towards the enemy vessel. The rest depends on the accuracy of the player-sniper.

Moscow

Kuznecky most, 12

Real gamers are welcome to play every day: Monday through Sunday from 11 till 9 p.m.

Saint-Petersburg

Konyushennaya sq., 2b

Real gamers are welcome to play every day: Monday through Sunday from 11 till 8 p.m.

By the way

We are three years old!

Come visit us and throw a coin for luck (into the machine)!                                                                                                                                                                                                               0003825-9685a58784f839d7d6d9e21dc909c406.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004650 00000000000 014740  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Half brother to North Korea’s dictator Kim Jong Un, Kim Jong Nam was attacked in the shopping concourse of Kuala Lumpur’s airport on Monday. He approached an information desk to report he felt dizzy after being assaulted and was rushed to the hospital, but died on the way.

The Guardian reports that local police official Fadzil Ahmat said Kim Jong Nam described the assault to the info desk workers, saying it “felt like someone grabbed or held his face from behind.” Three people were arrested in connection with the attack, and one of them is alleging that she thought she was participating in a prank for a TV show.

Police General Tito Karnavian told reporters that the women were instructed to convince men to close their eyes, then spray water on them. One of the women arrested was a mother named Siti Aisyah, who had traveled from Indonesia for work. She told authorities she was paid to participate in the “prank”:

“Such an action was done three or four times and they were given a few dollars for it, and with the last target, Kim Jong-nam, allegedly there were dangerous materials in the sprayer,” Karnavian said. “She was not aware that it was an assassination attempt by alleged foreign agents.”

The other two arrested were Aisyah’s boyfriend and an unnamed woman with a Vietnamese passport, according to CBS News. South Korea was quick to accuse North Korea of planning the murder of Kim Jong Nam, but has not shared any evidence. Kim Jong Nam had been on the outs with his half brother since 2001, when he was “caught trying to enter Japan on a false passport to visit Tokyo Disneyland.” He has also in the past been critical of the family’s regime and believed in “a democratic process,” according to Japanese journalist Yoji Gomi. Gomi told Yahoo News that Kim Jong Nam seemed to have anxiety about his family and North Korea:

“He must have been aware of the danger, but I believe he still wanted to convey his views to Pyongyang via the media,” Gomi said. “He was sweating all over his body, and seemed very uncomfortable when he responded to my questions. He was probably worried about the impact of his comments and expressions. The thought now gives me a pain in my heart.”

Advertisement

North Korean diplomats demanded Kim Jong Nam’s body, but didn’t file a formal complaint, so Malaysian authorities conducted an autopsy. He supposedly had several children, but none have come forward to claim him.                                                                                        0003701-dcb7704176edaba72291734b4e824fb2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005136 00000000000 015076  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Iraq's National Theatre Company has cancelled its show at the Impact 15 festival in Kitchener, Ont., because troupe members were denied Canadian visas over fears they'd attempt to seek refugee status, the festival director says.

"After midnight I received an email from the company. The director of the company has received a notice from the embassy denying them entry into Canada," said festival director Majdi Bou-Matar in an interview on CBC Radio's The Morning Edition with Craig Norris.

The letter from the Canadian Embassy in Paris said, in French, that officials weren't convinced the theatre performers would return to Iraq and would instead seek refugee status in Canada. The letter cited concerns over the group's financial situation, property ownership and employment as reasons for denying the visas.

Seven of the nine troupe members live in Iraq and applied to the visa office there. Their applications were forwarded to the Canadian Embassy in Amman, Jordan. The troupe's director, Muhaned Hadi Hendi Al Shafeay, lives in France and so applied through the embassy in Paris, and that embassy responded to all of the applications. The other member of the troupe is a British citizen, and didn't apply for a visa.

The company was scheduled to perform the play Camp, about life as a refugee, on Sept. 26 and Sept. 27. But after weeks of waiting, the company still hadn't received visas permitting the performers to visit the Waterloo Region.

"Shouldn't we ask ourselves why a group of artists who are all well established would not be allowed to come participate in a theatre festival?" said Bou-Matar.

"And they're not even given the courtesy to reply to them in a timely manner."

Bou-Matar said he wanted to include the play in the festival's lineup because its content was timely, looking at the challenges refugees face building a home away from home.

"This show was chosen because it is about connecting [the theatre company] to the large Iraqi population who is living here in our community and who are feeling displaced," said Bou-Matar.

1st time cancelling a performance

Bou-Matar said this is the first time the festival has had to consider cancelling a show, with past companies coming from China, Palestine and Colombia.

Two other international theatre companies will be participating in the festival:

Nous Jouons Pour Les Arts from Morocco

Victoria Hunt of Australia.

Bou-Matar said he will refund tickets for the Iraqi booking, but is also considering holding a Skype conversation with the theatre company from Iraq during the time it was scheduled to perform.

The festival launches Sept. 22 and runs until Sept. 27.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0003601-ebcfc23fc9635169d7cc46d4158e398b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003262 00000000000 015203  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The WBA is featuring three cruiserweight title fights this weekend. In its desire to have one champion in each division, the WBA cruiserweight tournament has officially begun.

Friday night in Paris, France, Yunier Dorticos (21-0, 20 KOs) TKO’d Kayembre Kalenga (23-2, 15 KOs) to win the WBA World interim cruiserweight title.

Tomorrow in Russia, WBA Super World cruiserweight champion Denis Lebedev faces IBF champion Victor Emilio Ramirez in a unification bout. The co-main in Moscow features a third cruiserweight championship bout between Beibut Shumenov and Junior Wright for the WBA World cruiserweight title.

The winner of Lebedev-Ramirez must face the Shumenov-Wright winner within 120 days. The winner of that bout gets to tangle with Dorticos for undisputed recognition as WBA cruiserweight champion.

Background

On February 5 Denis Lebedev asked the World Boxing Association for special permission to participate in a unification bout with his IBF counterpart Victor Ramirez. The WBA gave a green light to the fight, on condition that the winner of Lebedev-Ramirez faces the winner of Dorticos-Kalenga. The winner of that bout will in turn face the winner of Shumenov-Wright.

However, in March Team Shumenov appealed to the WBA to have his interim status elevated to that of regular champion. The World Boxing Association granted the request, with the understanding that his mandatory is the winner of Saturday’s fight between Lebedev and Ramirez.

The WBA reaffirms its decision to have one champion in each division.

This article was penned by the author who is not related to the WBA and the statements, expressions or opinions referenced herein are that of the author alone and not the WBA.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0003606-5b5606b40aad8b8d1c15ba75cd6cd21c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000021575 00000000000 015310  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Digital

Sunrise

Polizei und Staat wollen Sie im Internet umfassend überwachen. Jeder zweite Schweizer sagt «Nein, danke!»



Telefon- und Netzüberwachung

Polizei und Staat wollen Sie im Internet umfassend überwachen. Jeder zweite Schweizer sagt «Nein, danke!»

Telekomfirmen sollen für die Strafermittler die Internet-Überwachung ausbauen. Auch Handy- und Internetabos können vielleicht bald nur noch im Laden und mit einem Ausweis abgeschlossen werden. Das kommt beim Volk schlecht an, wie eine aktuelle Umfrage zeigt.

Seit 2002 wird jede Bewegung von Schweizer Handybesitzern ein halbes Jahr lang aufgezeichnet. Swisscom, Sunrise und Orange müssen im Auftrag des Bundes von jedem Kunden folgende Daten auf Vorrat speichern:

Mit wem er wann und von wo aus kommuniziert hat

Wer sich wann und für welche Dauer ins Internet eingeloggt hat

Wer wann wem eine E-Mail oder SMS geschickt hat

Wo sich der Handynutzer gerade befindet

Diese Internet- und Mobilfunkdaten werden ohne Verdacht auf eine strafbare Handlung von allen Bürgern gespeichert. Der Bundesrat will die Vorratsdatenspeicherung mit der Revision des Überwachungsgesetzes BÜPF ausbauen: «Das Gesetz ist nötig, um Drogenhandel, Kinderpornographie, Terrorismus und organisierte Kriminalität zu bekämpfen», sagte SP-Bundesrätin Simonetta Sommaruga.

Jüngeren und Frauen ist Überwachen eher «egal»

Fast die Hälfte der Schweizer lehnt die Speicherung von Daten auf Vorrat grundsätzlich ab. Dies ergab eine repräsentative Umfrage des Internet-Vergleichsdienstes Comparis. Nur knapp jeder Dritte begrüsst es demnach, dass der Staat Telefon- und Internetdaten von Bürgern ohne Tatverdacht über mehrere Monate speichern lässt.

Knapp jeder Dritte befürwortet das prophylaktische Datensammeln als «gut». Keine eindeutige Position hat jeder fünfte Befragte. Über 50-Jährige stehen der Vorratsdatenspeicherung häufiger misstrauisch gegenüber als jüngere Personen. Frauen drücken eine stärkere Egal-Haltung aus als Männer, die wiederum verstärkt «nicht damit einverstanden» sind. Die Umfrage zeigt ferner: Je geringer der Bildungsabschluss, desto höher ist der Anteil der Gleichgültigen.

Alle weiteren Informationen zum Überwachungsgesetz BÜPF finden Sie hier:

Wer wird überwacht?

Die Vorratsdatenspeicherung betrifft alle Bürger und Firmen, die Kommunikation über das Internet oder die Post nutzen, also die gesamte Bevölkerung. Die Überwachung soll mit der Revision des Überwachungsgesetzes BÜPF ausgeweitet werden.

Wie oft müssen die Mobilfunk-Provider den Behörden Auskunft geben?

Im Jahr 2013 wurden von den Strafverfolgungsbehörden insgesamt 16'000 Auskunftsbegehren an die Provider gestellt, Tendenz steigend. (Siehe nachfolgende Grafik) Um die 7000 Anfragen betreffen die auf Vorrat gespeicherten Nutzerdaten, das macht fast 20 pro Tag. Weitere 9000 Auskünfte teilen sich auf Direktüberwachungen der Handy- und Internetnutzung (~4000) sowie auf Auskünfte zur Seriennummer des Mobiltelefons, bzw. der SIM-Karte (~5000) auf. (Quelle: Dienst ÜPF / Digitale Gesellschaft)

grafik: watson.ch

So soll die Überwachung ausgebaut werden

Die Revision des Überwachungsgesetzes (BÜPF) fordert im Kern drei Ausweitungen der bestehenden Möglichkeiten.

Erstens: Die Vorratsdatenspeicherung (wer mit wem wann und von wo aus kommuniziert hat) soll von sechs auf zwölf Monate verlängert werden.

grafik: watson

Zweitens: Nebst Swisscom und Co. sollen auch Schweizer E-Mail-Provider, Cloud-Anbieter, Kurznachrichten-Apps wie Threema und Anbieter von öffentlichen WLANs wie Restaurants die Nutzerdaten speichern.

grafik: watson

Drittens: In der gezielten Direktüberwachung von einzelnen Personen, gegen die ein Verdacht vorliegen muss, soll neu der Einsatz von Spionageprogrammen (Trojaner) auf PCs und Smartphones erlaubt werden. So kann auch die verschlüsselte Kommunikation per E-Mail, Skype, Threema etc. via PC, Tablet und Smartphone überwacht werden. Für den Einsatz des Staatstrojaners wird ein richterlicher Beschluss vorausgesetzt.

So funktioniert der Staatstrojaner video: srf/10vor10

Mit der BÜPF-Revision soll auch der polizeiliche Einsatz von Handystörsendern (IMSI-Catcher) erlaubt werden. Diese Geräte geben sich als Mobilfunkantenne aus und schieben sich im Handynetz zwischen die Mobiltelefone und das eigentliche Mobilfunknetz. Smartphone-Nutzer, die sich in der Nähe eines IMSI-Catchers der Polizei befinden, könnten so identifiziert und überwacht werden.

Bild: watson

Die KAPO Zürich sagte im April auf Anfrage: «Die Kantonspolizei Zürich besitzt zwei IMSI-Catcher, mit denen ausschliesslich Mobiltelefone geortet werden können. Weitere Beschaffungen sind nicht geplant. Wo und bei wem die Geräte beschafft wurden, geben wir nicht bekannt.



Eingesetzt werden die Geräte ausschliesslich mit richterlicher Genehmigung im Rahmen der Gesetze. Primär wird diese Technik zur schnellen Ortung von Mobiltelefonen vermisster Personen, also Such- und Rettungsaufgaben, verwendet. Weitere Anwendungsmöglichkeiten finden sich bei kriminalpolizeilichen Aufgabenstellungen.



Aus taktischen Überlegungen können wir keine näheren Angaben über den Einsatz der IMSI-Catcher machen. Für Personenkontrollen und bei Demonstrationen werden die Geräte nicht eingesetzt. Personenbezogene Daten werden mit dieser Technik nicht erhoben.»

Was Orange, Sunrise und Swisscom an der Überwachung stört

Die Gegner der BÜPF-Revision setzen sich aus einer losen Allianz von Grünen und Piraten, Liberalen und Konservativen sowie Unternehmern und Konsumentenschützern zusammen. Die Überwachungsgegner erhalten seit Kurzem Sukkurs von den grossen Telekomanbietern. Diese stören sich an der momentan fehlenden Rechtssicherheit sowie am Mehraufwand und den Zusatzkosten, die für sie durch den Ausbau der Überwachung entstehen.

Das sagt Orange zur Ausweitung der Internet-Überwachung

«Der BÜPF-Entwurf weist schwerwiegende Mängel auf. Insbesondere ist das Prinzip der Verhältnismässigkeit nicht gewahrt, da die Fernmeldedienst-Anbieter für beliebige, neue Überwachungsformen hohe und kaum planbare Investitionen in Systeme tätigen müssen.»

«Würde die Aufbewahrungsfrist der Nutzerdaten gesetzlich von 6 auf 12 Monate verlängert, so müsste mit erheblichen Kostenfolgen und einer wesentlich grösseren Anzahl von Anfragen gerechnet werden.»

«Neu sollen wir auch speichern müssen, wer wann welche Website besucht hat, was im Vergleich zur Aufbewahrung von Telefonieverbindungsdaten viel aufwändiger ist. Für die Rechnungsstellung an die Kunden ist dies überhaupt nicht nötig und wird daher schon aus Daten-/Persönlichkeitsschutzgründen momentan nicht gemacht.»

«Die Begehrlichkeiten der Behörden sind gross und wir könnten mit dem in vielen Punkten bewusst offen formulierten Gesetzesentwurf zur Speicherung weiterer Daten verpflichtet werden.»

Swisscom zur Ausweitung der Internet-Überwachung

Bei Swisscom nervt man sich über das Prinzip, dass eine Telekomfirma die Strafverfolgung mitfinanzieren soll. «Es kann nicht sein, dass letztlich die Kunden die Strafverfahren subventionieren müssen», sagte Andreas Locher gegenüber SRF. Er leitet bei der Swisscom das Überwachungs-Team, das «nichts anderes tut als Abhöraktionen am Telefon ermöglichen, melden, wer wann wem eine SMS schickt oder Namen von Handynutzern ausliefern, und das Tag und Nacht», wie das SRF schreibt.

Hinzu komme möglicherweise eine Ausweispflicht, sagen Orange und Swisscom unisono: Handy- oder Internetabos könnten allenfalls nicht mehr online gekauft werden, sondern nur mit einem Ausweis im Laden. Die Telekom-Verkaufsläden müssten Kopien der Ausweise aufbewahren, befürchtet Locher. Für ihn wäre dies «eine Art ausgelagerte Polizeidatenbank», schreibt SRF.

Sunrise zur Ausweitung der Internet-Überwachung

«Eine Revision des BÜPF für eine klarere Definition der Überwachungsformen findet Sunrise grundsätzlich sinnvoll. Mit Sorge stellen wir jedoch fest, dass die Ausweitung der Überwachung weitgehende und negative Auswirkungen auf den Betrieb der Unternehmen haben wird.»

«Die Anliegen und Bedürfnisse der Strafverfolgung sollen die Revision des BÜPF nicht einseitig dominieren. Insbesondere die Aufbewahrungspflicht für auf Vorrat gespeicherte Daten soll nicht auf zwölf Monate ausgedehnt werden, sondern bei sechs bleiben. Dies aus Gründen der Verhältnismässigkeit und dem damit verbundenen deutlichen Mehraufwand für die betroffenen Unternehmen».

Das Zwischenfazit

Orange, Swisscom und Sunrise schlagen sich, so sieht es zumindest aus, auf die Seite der Überwachungskritiker. Ob aus Kosten- und Imagegründen oder aus der Überzeugung, dass die geplanten Massnahmen zu weit gehen, kann den BÜPF-Kritikern letztlich egal sein. Den Mobilfunkprovidern kommt eine entscheidende Rolle im Hinblick auf ein wahrscheinliches Referendum zu. Sie verfügen über die Mittel, die den Überwachungsgegnern für eine sichtbare Anti-BÜPF-Kampagne bislang fehlten.

Abonniere unseren Newsletter                                                                                                                                   0003795-225861ab8ba88d77a25820301f054210.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004033 00000000000 014512  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Mens Winners Photo by ASP Red Bull

Last weekend saw the start to the Boulder World Cup 2010 in Switzerland, with some exciting bouldering taking place. Kilian Fischhuber managed to surpass Adam Ondra after a good semi-final run which lead him to first place after the two were neck and neck. Bronze was handed to Christian Core followed by Cedric Lachat in forth place.

Fischhuber had some troubles on the second problem in the finals, though flashed both problem 1 and 3. Odra managed to get three tops in the first three problems during the finals, the first problem required 3 tries before he managed to top it, while the other two he managed to nail. At this stage both Fischhuber and Odra were tied in regards to the finals, though Fischhuber had a better semi-final run and was slightly ahead in that regard. For Odra to stand a chance at winning he would need to flash the final problem and hope Kilian Fischhuber wouldn't be able to follow suit....

Odra does it! Flashing the final problem and leaving everything up to Fischhuber. Kilian would need to flash the problem if he were to win the title, and that he did. After the neck and neck battle between the two Kilian managed to pull it out from Odra with a flash on the final problem and a leading score in the semi-final, making him the winner of the mens section.

The United States were also representing in the form of Alex Johnson, who won the womens title after some very close competition with the other competitors. The competition was just as, if not even more tight in the womens section where Alex managed to just inch past her fellow competitors in claiming first place by a difference of only 1 attempt.

Mens Results

1. Kilian Fischhuber AUT

2. Adam Ondra CZE

3. Christian Core ITA

4. Cédric Lachat SUI

5. Klemen Becan SLO

Womens Results

1. Alex Johnson USA

2. Akiyo Noguchi JPN

3. Chloé Graftiaux BEL

4. Cecile Avezou FRA

5. Katharina Saurwein AUT

Full Results Full List of IFSC Results



The next stage of the IFSC Bouldering World Cup will be held in Vienna on 28-30/05/2010.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0003876-58ccbfc08b2264b8b1d61f50bbc0d6e6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002727 00000000000 015327  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Not Where US Predators in Pakistan Are (Updated)

Remember how outraged we were that Sen. Feinstein had leaked classified information that the US was using bases inside of Pakistan to control our Predator strikes against al Qaeda targets? It looks like Google Earth outed the CIA base of operations first. The above can be found using Google Earth's 2006 maps.

Secret is out. Time to find a new base. Thanks Google.

A thought: In all of the spy novels I read, the protagonists -- Scott Harvath, Mitch Rapp, Kirk McGarvey -- and even the antagonists -- al Qaeda -- all have a pretty good idea when satelites which might give away their positions are overhead. If novelists can think that far ahead, why can't the real CIA?



Thanks to Shachtman for the pic and who notes, correctly, that those are Predators and not Global Hawks.

UPDATE: Dave Schuler has some related thoughts.

Anonymous actually brings up a good point that Global Security had reported on the base some time ago. But I think the rather important thing here is not that the US has an FOB in Pakistan, but that many idiots in Pakistan are outraged that the base is being used by Predators. Case in point.

A lot of Pakistanis are under the impression that the US indiscriminately bombs poor innocents when we use our drones in their territory. I guess there's no fixing stupid.

Here's a great idea: why don't you morons control your own territory and get rid of al Qaeda and the Taliban? Either do that, or shut the hell up.                                         0003841-f4e6e83f2f55766f6ce5803efa693d94.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004160 00000000000 015146  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Bike racks to be installed in downtown El Segundo

Downtown El Segundo is about to become more bike-friendly.

The City Council Tuesday night unanimously approved the installation of 40 bike racks at 25 spots along Main Street and Grand Avenue, with possible later expansion to Richmond Street and El Segundo Beach.

Meredith Petit, the city’s recreation superintendent, told the council that the idea grew out of a request from a downtown business owner. As city staff surveyed existing bike racks, they realized that racks were few and far between – and quite old.

“These bike racks are outdated, unsightly, and certainly lack consistency in the look or design,” Petit told the council.

City analyst Vina Ramos was able to find and successfully apply for $9,700 in funding from Metro to pay for the racks. Installation will be undertaken in an estimated 40 to 65 days by public works staff.

Petit said the advantages of the racks extend beyond the obvious convenience for bicyclists. Some of the black metal racks will be emblazoned with a city logo to better brand downtown El Segundo, while the increased accessibility of the area to bicycles – in conjunction with the South Bay Bicycle Master Plan, which will add more than 200 miles of bike trails and lanes – is expected to reduce traffic congestion.

“It could encourage bicycling as an alternate mode of transportation in terms of being economically viable and environmentally responsible,” Petit said.

Councilwoman Marie Fellhauer suggested possibly working the El Segundo Blue Butterfly into the logo. “Not that I’ve ever seen a Blue Butterfly,” she said. “But that is our town symbol.”

Mayor Bill Fisher applauded the project, which has involved the public works, planning and building safety, and recreation and parks departments. He said downtown businesses have likewise contacted him about the lack of racks, in particular one businessman who cycles to work but can’t find a place to lock his bike.

“I think it’s great,” Fisher said. “This helps our downtown businesses…and goes towards all sorts of things, health and getting folks into downtown.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0003789-de7ce592037aafa2ef6144d8e55a436d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000067252 00000000000 015275  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A 70-kDa galactose-specific lectin was purified from the tubers of Dioscorea opposita cv. nagaimo. The purification involved three chromatographic steps: anion exchange chromatography on a Q-Sepharose column, FPLC-anion exchange chromatography on a Mono Q column, and FPLC-gel filtration on a Superdex 75 column. The purified nagaimo lectin presented as a single 35-kDa band in reducing SDS-PAGE while it exhibited a 70-kDa single band in non-reducing SDS-PAGE suggesting its dimeric nature. Nagaimo lectin displayed moderate thermostability, retaining full hemagglutinating activity after heating up to 62°C for 30 minutes. It also manifested stability over a wide pH range from pH 2 to 13. Nagaimo lectin was a galactose-specific lectin, as evidenced by binding with galactose and galactose-containing sugars such as lactose and raffinose. The minimum concentration of galactose, lactose and raffinose required to exert an inhibitory effect on hemagglutinating activity of nagaimo lectin was 20 mM, 5 mM and 40 mM, respectively. Nagaimo lectin inhibited the growth of some cancer cell lines including breast cancer MCF7 cells, hepatoma HepG2 cells and nasopharyngeal carcinoma CNE2 cells, with IC 50 values of 3.71 µM, 7.12 µM and 19.79 µM, respectively, after 24 hour treatment with nagaimo lectin. The induction of phosphatidylserine externalization and mitochondrial depolarization indicated that nagaimo lectin evoked apoptosis in MCF7 cells. However, the anti-proliferative activity of nagaimo lectin was not blocked by application of galactose, signifying that the activity was not related to the carbohydrate binding specificity of the lectin.

Copyright: © 2013 Chan, Ng. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.

Nagaimo is a Japanese mountain yam, which is a cultivar of Dioscorea opposita. Unlike tubers from other yams, D. opposita tubers are generally non-toxic that can be eaten raw after neutralization of oxalate crystals on the tuber skins. D. opposita tubers are used in many Japanese cuisines. Some of the tubers were utilized in traditional Chinese medicine, revealing their therapeutic potentials [21] . Although hemagglutinating activity was found in some types of yam tubers, there were very few investigations on the yam lectins. Also, none of the studies involving D. opposita tubers focused on the lectin. In a preliminary experiment, we detected the presence of a lectin in nagaimo (D. opposita) tubers that have not been examined before. We have therefore isolated the lectin, and studied its properties as well as biological activities. The study may help to shed light on the role of lectin in yam used in traditional Chinese medicine. It may also provide insights for possible therapeutic uses of the isolated nagaimo lectin.

Yam encompasses a number of species in the genus Dioscorea. Some examples of the major members are D. alata (purple yam), D. bulbifera (air potato), D. cayenensis (yellow yam), D. dumetorum, (bitter yam), D. rotundata (white yam), D. opposita (Chinese yam) and D. trifida (cush-cush yam). They are characterized by the possession of edible tubers that are rich in starch, some ions and vitamins. However, most of the yam tubers have to be cooked before consumption, in order to remove the toxic compounds present [19] , [20] .

Lectins are a group of proteins or glycoproteins possessing carbohydrate binding capability. In the past, lectins are classified in accordance with their carbohydrate specificities: mannose binding [1] , mannose and glucose binding [2] , galactose binding [3] , etc. As more lectins with diverse sugar-binding specificities were identified, the old system was no longer feasible, and other classification systems were proposed. Animal lectins are classified into families of evolutionary related carbohydrate recognition domains (CRDs). Some major families include calnexins [4] , M-type, L-type, P-type, R-type, S-type [5] , I-type [6] and C-type [7] lectins. On the other hand, Van Damme et al. introduced another classification system of lectins, based on the structure of lectins, in which were classified into merolectins, hololectins, chimerolectins and superlectins [8] . They have also classified plant lectins into 12 groups according to their structural and evolutionary relationships, such as legume lectins, jacalins, amaranthins [9] , [10] . Both animal and plant lectins exhibit a variety of biological activities. Some of them exert immuno-modulatory activities [11] , [12] , while others elicit anti-tumor, anti-bacterial, anti-fungal, anti-viral and anti-insect effects [13] , [14] . The physiological functions and mechanisms of various animal lectins have been studied precisely [15] – [18] . However, those of plant lectins have not been clarified. There are still numerous plant lectins yet to be identified and studied. Plant storage organs are rich in proteins. They are one of the best targets for identification and isolation of new plant lectins with a large yield, allowing extensive characterization of the lectins, helping to reveal their biological potentials (e.g. anti-tumor activities).

About 5×10 5 MCF7 cells were seeded on a 6-well plate overnight, and were treated with different concentrations of nagaimo lectin with or without the presence of 100 mM galactose for 24 hours. The cells were trypsinized, centrifuged down at 2000 g for 4 min, and then washed with PBS for three times. For Annexin V-FITC and PI staining, the cell pellets were resuspended in 250 µl binding buffer (0.01 M HEPES, pH 7.4, containing 140 mM NaCl and 25 mM CaCl 2 ) containing 2.5 µl Annexin V-FITC (BD Phamingen, CA, USA) and 0.5 µl PI (6 mg/ml) (Sigma). The cells were incubated at room temperature in the dark for 20 min. For JC-1 staining, the cell pellets were resuspended in 500 µl plain RPMI medium containing 2.5 µg/ml JC-1, and were incubated at 37°C in the dark for 15 min. The cells were analyzed using a BD LSRFortessa cell analyzer (BD Biosciences). The signal was detected by BD LSRFortessa Blue Laser (FITC: ex 494 nm/em 519 nm, PE-Texas Red: ex 488 nm/em 615 nm, PerCP-Cy5.5: ex 482 nm/em 695 nm). Data analysis was conducted by using the program Fortessa FASDiva Program Version 6.1.3. Compensation analysis was performed by using concanavalin A as positive control for treatment of MCF7 cells [28] , [29] .

Suspensions of human breast cancer (MCF7), hepatoma (HepG2) and nasopharyngeal carcinoma (CNE2) cells from American Type Culture Collection were adjusted to 5×10 4 cells/ml in RPMI medium. In a 96-well plate, 100 µl cells were seeded and incubated overnight. Then, the cells were treated with different concentrations of nagaimo lectin for 24 hours. After incubation, the medium was discarded. The wells were washed with PBS, 25 µl of 3-(4, 5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2, 5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) (5 mg/ml in PBS) were then added and further incubated for 4 hours. Then 150 µl of dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) were added. The absorbance at 590 nm was measured using a microplate reader within 10 min. Percentage inhibition of the cells by nagaimo lectin was calculated by: [(OD 590 nm of the control – OD 590 nm of a culture exposed to a particular lectin concentration)/OD 590 nm of the control]×100% [27] .

In the carbohydrate test, lyophilized nagaimo lectin was dissolved in different carbohydrate solutions, all at 500 mM concentration in PBS. Assay of hemagglutinating activity was performed as mentioned above, but the carbohydrate solutions were used for serial dilution of the hemagglutinin instead of PBS. After identifying the carbohydrate specific for the lectin, a test was conducted to determine the minimal concentration of the carbohydrate for reduction of hemagglutinating activity of the lectin. The powder of nagaimo lectin was dissolved in solutions containing the specific carbohydrate at different concentrations in PBS. Assay of hemagglutinating activity was performed using the carbohydrate solutions of their particular concentrations for serial two-fold dilution instead of PBS [26] .

In the test for pH stability, the powder of nagaimo lectin was dissolved in solutions at different pH values: pH 0–1: HCl; pH 2–5: NH 4 OAc; pH 6–10: Tris-HCl; pH 11–12: NaHCO 3; and pH 13–14: NaOH. After incubation at room temperature for 30 min, the solution was neutralized, and assay of hemagglutinating activity was performed as mentioned above. Percentage of residual hemagglutinating activity was calculated by dividing the hemagglutinating activity of the sample by the maximal hemagglutinating activity×100% [24] .

Reducing SDS-PAGE involved treatment of the protein sample with loading buffer containing the reducing agent, β-mercaptoethanol, while in non-reducing SDS-PAGE, β-mercaptoethanol was not added to the loading buffer. SDS-PAGE was performed at a constant voltage of 120 V using a 15% separating gel and a 5% stacking gel. Then the gel was stained with Commassie brilliant blue for 1 hour, and destained with 10% acetic acid overnight [23] .

In a 96-well microtiter U plate, a serial dilution of a 50 µl test sample was performed using phosphate-buffered saline (PBS) (pH 7.2). Then, 50 µl of a 2% rabbit red blood cell suspension in PBS was added. The plate was incubated at room temperature until the red blood cells in the blank (with no protein sample added) had fully sedimented at the bottom of the well and appeared as a red spot. Formation of plaques of agglutinated red blood cells indicated hemagglutinating activity. Specific activity of the lectin is the reciprocal of the highest dilution of the protein sample inducing hemagglutination per mg protein [22] .

The powder was resuspended in 20 mM NaCl in 10 mM Tris-HCl buffer (pH 7.6) at a concentration of 5 mg/ml, and then subjected to FPLC-gel filtration on a Superdex 75 10/300 GL column (GE Healthcare) using an AKTA Purifier. The first major absorbance peak contained purified nagaimo lectin.

The powder was resuspended in 10 mM Tris-HCl buffer (pH 7.6) at a concentration of 15 mg/ml, and then subjected to FPLC-anion exchange chromatography on a Mono Q column (GE Healthcare) using an AKTA Purifier (GE Healthcare). Adsorbed materials were eluted using a 0–1 M NaCl gradient. The second peak containing adsorbed materials was collected, dialyzed extensively and lyophilized.

Nagaimo tubers were purchased from a local Japanese supermarket. The skin of nagaimo tubers was peeled off. Then the flesh was cut into small pieces of dimensions around 0.5 cm×0.5 cm. One hundred grams of the slices of nagaimo were soaked in 600 ml 10 mM Tris-HCl buffer (pH 7.6), and then homogenized in a Waring blender. The slurry was centrifuged at 30000 g, 4°C for 25 minutes. The supernatant was filtered using filter paper to yield the crude extract. Tris-HCl buffer (10 mM, pH 7.6) was added to the crude extract to adjust the volume to 1 L before loading onto an 18 cm×5 cm Q-Sepharose (GE Healthcare) column pre-equilibrated with 10 mM Tris-HCl buffer (pH 7.6). Unadsorbed materials were eluted with the starting buffer and discarded. Adsorbed materials were eluted with 1 M NaCl in 10 mM Tris-HCl buffer (pH 7.6). The fraction containing adsorbed materials was dialyzed extensively against double distilled water at 4°C, and lyophilized into powder form.

With the presence of 100 mM galactose, nagaimo lectin still could induce PS externalization and mitochondrial depolarization in the MCF7 cells ( Fig. 7B , Fig. 8B ). Occupation of carbohydrate binding sites of nagaimo lectin could not diminish the pro-apoptotic effect of the lectin on MCF7 cells.

In JC-1 staining, a slight shift of MCF7 cells from the upper left region toward the lower right region was observed ( Fig. 8A ). The cell shifting showed an increase in the proportion of MCF7 cells experiencing mitochondrial depolarization and undergoing cell death.

Flow cytometry analysis was used for further studies on nagaimo lectin-induced anti-proliferative effects on MCF7 cells. After Annexin V-FITC and propidium iodide (PI) staining, the MCF7 cells at the lower left quadrant of the profile shifted toward the lower right quadrant as nagaimo lectin concentration increased ( Fig. 7A ). The shifting indicated phosphatidylserine (PS) externalization in the MCF7 cells which were undergoing the early stage of apoptosis. The proportion of cells located at the upper right quadrant had also increased slightly at increasing nagaimo lectin concentrations, justifying that more MCF7 cells entered the late stage of apoptosis.

These suggested that nagaimo lectin interacted with the cancer cells through a domain other than the sugar binding site of the lectin. The blockage of sugar binding sites by galactose did not hinder the interaction between the domain on nagaimo lectin and the cancer cells, with the consequence that the anti-proliferative activity remained intact.

On the other hand, anti-proliferative activity of nagaimo lectin on MCF7 cells had declined after extreme pH treatments ( Fig. 6B ). The activity was not affected at pH 2, 4 and 10. At pH 0, 12 and 14, the IC 50 on MCF7 cells had raised by over 110% to around 8 µM, indicating reduction of anti-proliferative activity of nagaimo lectin. Hemagglutinating activity of nagaimo lectin was stable at pH 2 to 13. Anti-proliferative activity of nagaimo lectin was more vulnerable in alkaline pH, as observed by activity loss at pH 12.

Similarly, heat treatment on nagaimo lectin failed to abolish its anti-proliferative activity on the MCF7 cells ( Fig. 6A ). Unlike the hemagglutinating activity which had diminished since 64°C and vanished at 80°C, full anti-proliferative activity of nagaimo lectin was retained even the lectin was heated at 80°C and 100°C for 30 minutes.

Co-treatment with 100 mM galactose, the specific binding sugar of nagaimo lectin, failed to diminish the anti-proliferative activity of nagaimo lectin on the MCF7 and HepG2 cells ( Fig. 5 ). In the test of inhibitory effects of carbohydrates on hemagglutinating activity of nagaimo lectin, 100 mM galactose could lower the activity by about 80%, however, such inhibitory action of galactose was not observed on the anti-proliferative activity of nagaimo lectin.

Nagaimo lectin also exhibited anti-proliferative activity. Results of the MTT assay disclosed that treatment with nagaimo lectin for 24 hours strongly inhibited the growth of MCF7 and HepG2 cells, with IC 50 of 3.71 µM and 7.12 µM, respectively. It also slightly inhibited growth of CNE2 cells, with an IC 50 of 19.79 µM ( Fig. 4 ).

In the carbohydrate specificity test of nagaimo lectin, the lectin did not interact with glucose, mannose, glucosamine, glucuronic acid, galactonic acid, xylose, xylitol, mannitol and arabinose. In addition of galactose, nagaimo lectin also interacted with galactose-containing carbohydrates including lactose (glucose+galactose) and raffinose (glucose+fructose+galactose), as indicated by reduction in hemagglutinating activity of the lectin ( Fig. 3C ). The minimal concentration of galactose, lactose and raffinose required for reduction of nagaimo lectin hemagglutinating activity was 20 mM, 5 mM and 40 mM, respectively. The inhibitory effect of lactose on nagaimo lectin was the strongest, indicating the lectin has a high tendency to interact with β-galactosides. The carbohydrate specificity of nagaimo lectin was not limited to β-galactosides, since it also interacted with α-galactosides (raffinose) and galactose alone.

Nagaimo lectin had moderate thermostability. It retained full hemagglutinating activity up to 62°C, but the activity dropped abruptly when the temperature was elevated from 64°C to 70°C, and vanished at 80°C ( Fig. 3A ). On the other hand, nagaimo lectin showed fairly high pH stability. Hemagglutinating activity was preserved at pH 2 to 13, while the activity was halved at pH 0–1 and totally eliminated at pH 14 ( Fig. 3B ).

The first 12 amino acids at the N-terminus of nagaimo lectin were NPFVFFVAINNP. Protein BLAST was applied to seek homologous proteins in the GenBank Database. The proteins with highest scores are listed in Table 2 . They are highly different proteins with different sizes and present in different origins. However, none of them seem to be related to lectins. The N-terminal amino acid sequence of nagaimo lectin could not match any plant lectins, nor any types of Dioscorea proteins.

In non-reducing SDS-PAGE, without treatment with β-mercaptoethanol, the nagaimo lectin appeared as a single 70-kDa band instead ( Fig. 2 ). In FPLC-gel filtration on a Superdex 75 10/300 GL column, nagaimo lectin was eluted in the 10 th ml. Based on the calibration curve for the column, the molecular mass of nagaimo lectin was 70-kDa. This showed that nagaimo lectin is a 70-kDa dimeric protein with two 35-kDa subunits.

SDS-PAGE of (A) crude nagaimo tuber extract, (B) Fraction II from Q-Sepharose, (C) Fraction V from Mono Q, (D) Purified nagaimo lectin from Superdex 75, and (E) Purified nagaimo lectin without addition of the reducing agent, β-mercaptoethanol. Lane 1 of each panel: Molecular weight markers (GE Healthcare) including phosphorylase b (97 kDa), bovine serum albumin (66 kDa), ovalbumin (45 kDa), carbonic anhydrase (30 kDa), soybean trypsin inhibitor (20 kDa) and α-lactalbumin (14.4 kDa). Lane 2 of each panel: nagaimo protein samples.

A protocol with three chromatographic steps was used in lectin purification from nagaimo tubers. The first step, cation exchange chromatography on Q-Sepharose, yielded an unabsorbed fraction (Fraction I in Fig. 1A ) and a sharp adsorbed fraction (Fraction II in Fig. 1A ). The latter fraction was collected and subjected to the second step, FPLC-cation exchange chromatography on Mono Q. This step yielded one unadsorbed fraction (Fraction III in Fig. 1B ), and two major adsorbed peaks (Fraction IV and V in Fig. 1B ) and one minor adsorbed peak (Fraction VI in Fig. 1B ). Hemagglutinating activity resided in Fraction V. This fraction was subjected to the third step, FPLC-gel filtration on Superdex 75. The first, major peak (Fraction VII in Fig. 1C ) showed hemagglutinating activity but not the two minor peaks (Fraction VIII and IX in Fig. 1C ). Fraction VII contained purified nagaimo lectin that appeared as a single 35-kDa band in SDS-PAGE ( Fig. 2 ). The protocol contributed to purification of nagaimo lectin by approximately 33.4 folds ( Table 1 ).

Discussion

Lectins have been identified in various Dioscorea species, including D. alata, D. cayenesis, D. polygonoides, D. rotundata [30], [31] and D. batatas [32]. However, very few of them have been investigated in great detail. D. batatas lectins were the best studied Dioscorea lectins. D. batatas produced three lectins with distinct characteristics, DB1, DB2 and DB3. DB1 was a 20-kDa mannose-binding insecticidal lectin with two 10-kDa subunits. DB2 was a 31-kDa maltose binding lectin which served as the major storage protein in D. batatas. DB3 was a 128-kDa maltose binding lectin compsed of a 66-kDa subunit and two 31-kDa subunits [32], [33].

Studies on the three lectins from D. batatas were comprehensive [32], [33]. The isolation of multiple lectins was elegantly performed. Differences in the molecular size, amino acid sequence, heat and pH stability, and sugar binding specificity among the three lectins have been demonstrated. The variations in the composition of the three lectins also helped to illustrate the physiological roles of these lectins in the yam tubers. DB2 had N-terminal amino acid sequence resembling Dioscorea dioscorins that act as yam storage proteins. However, unlike dioscorins, DB2 did not exhibit carbonic anhydrase activity [32].

In contrast, the lectin that we purified from nagaimo (D. opposita) did not resemble any of aforementioned Dioscorea lectins. In contrast to the multiplicity of lectins in D. batatas [32], [33], nagaimo yielded only a single 70-kDa lectin. None of the other chromatographic fractions acquired during the course of nagaimo lectin purification manifested hemagglutinating activity. This suggested that no other lectin was present in nagaimo tubers except nagaimo lectin. DB2 in D. batatas acted as the major storage protein in the tubers, but not nagaimo lectin in nagaimo tubers. SDS-PAGE of the crude extract of nagaimo tubers revealed that the 35-kDa band representing the lectin was only one of the major protein bands. It deserves mention that some Phaseolus species and Phaseolus vulgaris cultivars have only a solitary defense protein [34]–[37] whereas other Phaseolus species and Phaseolus vulgaris cultivars produce two or more defense proteins [38]–[39].

The N-terminal amino acid sequence of nagaimo lectin was NPFVFFVAINNP. The sequence did not resemble any of the lectins in D. batatas [32]. Structurally disparate straw mushroom (Volvariella volvacea) lectins have been reported from different research laboratories [40], [41]. Also, the sequence of nagaimo lectin did not show homology to the Dioscorea dioscorins found in the GenBank Database. Dioscorins are one of the major storage proteins in yams. With no resemblance in sequence, it seems that nagaimo lectin is another storage protein in D. opposita tubers other than dioscorins. The results from the Protein BLAST search in GenBank Database even showed that the N-terminal sequence of nagaimo lectin did not resemble the sequence of any plant lectins. The most homologous sequence from the database was an Omp121 family outer membrane protein from Flavobacterium psychrophilum, a gram-negative bacteria, with around 75% identity within the sequence (Table 2). However, it has a much larger size (1060 amino acids), and the sequence is located near the C-terminus (987th to 997th amino acids) instead. It is unlikely to be related to nagaimo lectin. Nagaimo lectin is probably a new plant lectin with a distinct N-terminal amino acid sequence.

Nagaimo lectin displayed higher thermostability and pH stability than D. batatas lectins [32], [33]. Nagaimo lectin was heat-stable up to 62°C, while DB1 and DB3 started to lose hemagglutinating activity after heating at 50°C. Nagaimo lectin was stable over a wider pH range (pH 2–13) than DB1 (pH 7–9) and DB3 (pH 3–9). Besides, the carbohydrate binding specificity was also distinctly different. Nagaimo lectin was specific to galactosides and also interacted with galactose, while the lectins from D. opposita were mannose- and maltose-specific. Even though they belong to the same genus, they produce totally dissimilar lectins.

The investigations on biological activities of lectins from D. batatas were focused on their insecticidal activity [33], A study on anti-tumor activity was not included. Also, none of the other Dioscorea lectins have been reported to have anti-proliferative activity. The present study constituted the first report of a Dioscorea lectin possessing anti-proliferative activity on tumor cells. Nagaimo lectin from D. opposita exhibited anti-proliferative activity on several types of tumor cells, comprising breast cancer MCF7 cells, hepatoma HepG2 cells and nasopharyngeal carcinoma CNE2 cells. The inhibitory activity on MCF7 and HepG2 cells was more potent than that on CNE2, with over 2.5-fold difference in IC 50 values (IC 50 of MCF7 cells: 3.71 µM, HepG2 cells: 7.12 µM, CNE2 cells: 19.79 µM). The ability of nagaimo lectin to potently interfere with the proliferation of several types of cancer cells is noteworthy in view of the reports that some lectins/hemagglutinins are devoid of anti-proliferative activity [37]. Flow cytometry analysis of nagaimo lectin-treated MCF7 cells revealed that the lectin induced apoptosis which brought about phosphatidylserine externalization and mitochondrial depolarization.

Many reports have shown that lectins induce apoptosis in tumor cells through their carbohydrate binding capability [42]–[47]. For example, artinM, a d-mannose-binding lectin from jackfruit, bound onto and induces apoptosis in myeloid leukemia NB 4 cells, and the activity was abolished in the presence of Manα1-3[Manα1-6]Man [45]. In contrast, nagaimo lectin seemed to make use of other domains instead of its galactose-binding domain to interact with tumor cells. The application of galactose could not suppress the anti-proliferative effect of nagaimo lectin on tumor cells. This observation is reminiscent of an analogous finding regarding the glucose-mannose binding Canavalia gladiata lectin. Its anti-proliferative activity was not attenuated in the presence of glucose [48].

Unlike the hemagglutinating activity of nagaimo lectin, the anti-proliferative activity was not affected by galactose. Similarly, heating could not destroy the anti-proliferative activity of nagaimo lectin but the hemagglutinating activity. On the other hand, the anti-proliferative activity of nagaimo lectin was more vulnerable to alkaline pHs than the hemagglutinating activity. All these observations support that, two distinct domains are responsible for the two kinds of activity, i.e. the carbohydrate binding domain is independent of the anti-proliferative activity. Not limited to inhibition of MCF7 cell proliferation, nagaimo lectin also induced apoptosis on them. This was indicated by the ability of nagaimo lectin to induce PS externalization and mitochondrial depolarization on the cells. Same as the anti-proliferative activity, the apoptosis-inducing effects of nagaimo lectin was not suppressed by galactose. The initiation of apoptosis was also independent of the carbohydrate binding capacity of the lectin.

The hemagglutinating activity of nagaimo lectin was attenuated by galactosides and also galactose. The hemagglutinating activity of lectins is one of the major obstacles in the application of lectins for therapeutic purposes. A number of lectins exhibit anti-tumor and hemagglutinating activities at the same time through their carbohydrate binding activity [46], [47]. The hemagglutinating activity of lectins would constitute a side effect that leads to red blood cell agglutination in patients when applying lectins for cancer treatment. Nagaimo lectin probably did not depend on its carbohydrate binding capability to induce apoptosis in tumor cells. It is possible to introduce galactose and galactose-containing sugars to block the hemagglutinating effect of the lectin, while not hindering its anti-tumor activity. This suggests that nagaimo lectin has the potential to be the first Dioscorea lectin in therapeutic application.

Some [36], [49], [50] but not other [34]–[37], [48] lectins demonstrate antifungal activity. Nagaimo lectin is destitute of antifungal activity. In fact, antifungal and trypsin inhibitory activities which are found in the tubers of other species, are lacking in nagaimo tubers (data not shown).

This report adds to the meager literature on bioactive proteins in the yam tuber. Nagaimo lectin isolated in the present investigation is distinctive in certain aspects. It possesses a molecular mass, N-terminal sequence, sugar specificity, pH stability and thermostability distinct from previously reported yam lectins. It exhibits potent anti-proliferative activity toward several cancer cell lines.

Information pertaining to the ability of constituents of tubers, rhizomes and seeds, especially proteinaceous components, to inhibit the growth of breast cancer cells, is meager [51]–[55]. The compound dioscorealide B from Dioscorea membranacea is active against breast cancer cells [56]. Contamination of nagaimo lectin with small molecules like dioscorealide B is highly unlikely due to the vast difference in their molecular masses and also the use of extensive dialysis between the chromatographic steps.

Breast cancer is one of the most prevalent and severe gynecologic diseases [57]. Globally, the incidence was 0.641 million cases in 1980 and it soared to 1.643 million cases in 2010 [58]. There were 425 000 women who died of breast cancer in 2010 [28]. Nagaimo lectin is potentially exploitable for the treatment of this formidable disease.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0003830-5130dc2aab49fd33fd8aed1b734fb4ed.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002004 00000000000 015441  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Sure, downloading songs and movies is easy these days (even when done legally), but what if you don't have a computer or internet connection? "How would I be reading this post, then?" you might ask. Fair point, but there must be dozens of other people out there with portable media players yet no way to fill them, and for this market Sony and Universal have partnered to create POP, the "instant entertainment 24/7" vending machine hitting the UK this holiday season. Unlike other boxes that sell media players, this one sells content to fill them, downloaded straight to a memory card, flash drive, PMP, or other (USB-supporting) portable device. You can also purchase media-based content on DVD and Blu-ray if you like, games too, all of which "pop" out shrink wrapped and in full retail garb. Being able to buy a Blu-ray disc at midnight on a dark corner sounds mildly interesting, but with no mention of file formats or DRM or anything else, you won't find us sticking our memory cards into this thing's slots anytime soon.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0003901-bf283f17f8e0b2c8d482157033f322e7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017022 00000000000 014744  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        What sort of country sends a dozen uniformed officers to haul innocent sleeping children out of their beds; gives them just a few minutes to pack what belongings they can grab; pushes them into stinking caged vans; drives them for hours while refusing them the chance to go to the lavatory so that they wet themselves and locks them up sometimes for weeks or months without the prospect of release and without adequate health services?

My country, apparently.

Reading the report (The Arrest and Detention of Children Subject to Immigration Control [2.4MB PDF] ) from England's Children's Commissioner, Sir Al Aynsley-Green, into the treatment of children and young people at the Yarl's Wood Immigration Removal Centre near Bedford will leave many feeling ashamed.

Of course, there are no easy answers as to how Britain ensures that foreigners don't abuse our benevolence by claiming asylum without good reason. But can this conundrum ever necessitate our treating children with such cruelty?

Sir Al went into Yarl's Wood almost a year ago and spoke to staff, families and children. The centre is where many failed asylum-seekers are held before deportation. Each year, around 2,000 children are locked up there.

The testimony from the youngsters who find themselves unwittingly ensnared at the sharp end of the immigration system tells a story more resonant of a totalitarian state than of contemporary Bedfordshire.

The arrest

According to the children's accounts, some were still asleep when the arrest teams arrived - large numbers of uniformed officers who on occasion hammered on the door or even smashed it down and ran into their homes shouting.

One boy of 11 told the children's commissioner:

"There was this woman, just shouting, shouting at my sister to get up. She was in bed asleep and she's only five so she was crying and the woman just kept shouting at her. She didn't have to do that. The search was bad. Why did they have to search my sister? She is only five, what is she going to have? They touch you all over and they're rough. It's rude."

The report explains how some children described officers as taking pleasure in the family's distress, including telling them that they were "going back to their own country" and laughing and making fun of them when they showed signs of distress or anxiety.

One child said that an officer had called his mother "stupid" and laughed at her crying and distress, while others were told that it was "tough" if they didn't like the officer's attitude.

The children and young people revealed that some immigration officers had used force to control and restrain them - a finding that the children's commissioner describes as "a significant cause for concern".

Imagine what it must be like if you are a young child who has lived in the UK for many years, perhaps all your life, to be woken one morning and told you have just a few minutes to pack your stuff and get out.

That, apparently, was a common complaint of the children and families in Yarl's Wood, a procedure that the report describes as "one of the most de-humanising aspects of the arrest process".

Children were forced to leave behind their most treasured possessions such as shoes, school books, toys and music. Many would never be reunited with their belongings.

A single woman told Sir Al that she had been handcuffed in front of her children, aged one and three, after "panicking" when she was told that she had only three minutes to pack.

Another family with two children suffering from sickle-cell anaemia was prevented from collecting antibiotics and folic acid needed by the children.



The UK Border Agency, which is responsible for the system, "accepts the need to do more work around the topic of belongings that are left behind" and is reviewing the use of force and guidance on medication.

The journey

According to Lin Homer, head of the UK Border Agency speaking on BBC Radio 4 Woman's Hour last September: "we do not use caged vans, we use people carriers". The "Enforcement Instructions and Guidance" states:

"Families should not be transported in caged vans unless the risk assessment dictates otherwise."

But that is not what the children said. And when challenged, the agency admitted to the commissioner that "contractors do sometimes use caged vans during the 'second stage' transport of families from the reporting centre to Yarl's Wood".

This is often the longer part of the journey, with children imprisoned in vehicles "stinking of urine" and "stained" with vomit. No wonder some said that the journey made them feel like criminals or animals.

What's more, many of the children complained about the lack of "comfort breaks" on the long journeys to detention. This had led to "accidents" in some cases. A chance to go to the lavatory was apparently denied "even when the vans stopped for petrol and, on at least two or three occasions, access to a toilet was denied throughout the whole journey despite urgent requests to stop."

If a parent treated their children like this, they might well be charged with neglect.

Treatment at Yarl's Wood

Unsurprisingly, children locked up in Yarl's Wood described it as being "like a prison". Their emotional state was often fragile, their having been ripped from the life they had known with no idea what had happened to their belongings or the pets they have been forced to leave behind and without the chance to say goodbye to their friends.

"One child asked us what the time was. When we replied with the time and the day he appeared sad and told us, "Oh, I thought it was a Saturday. If it was a Saturday I would be swimming with my friends now."

This picture, drawn by one young child and reproduced in the report, says that it is 0900, "it's a Sunday and I want to play football and I support Liverpool".

The healthcare of the children at Yarl's Wood was also found to be poor, in particular the need to ensure that youngsters are protected from disease when they are returned to their country of origin.

"Preventative healthcare arrangements prior to removal, for example immunisations and the provision of malaria prophylaxis, were found to be so inadequate as to endanger children's health."

Since the visit, the private contractor which runs Yarl's Wood, Serco, has appointed a head of clinical governance and a paediatric nurse.

Sir Al's findings relate to a visit almost a year ago, a year in which the government has agreed to adopt fully the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child (see previous post, UK to give up child rights opt-outs).

Article 37 of the convention states that the detention of a child "shall be used only as a measure of last resort and for the shortest appropriate period of time".

The children's commissioner believes that this means that the government must put an end to the detention of children "for administrative purposes". He wants "an urgent review" of the system but accepts that nothing can happen immediately. (You can listen here to Sir Al on this morning's Today programme.)

The government, on the other hand, signed up to the convention confident that it would not prevent them arresting and detaining children of immigrants who were due for deportation.

While today's report welcomes recent improvements and ongoing reviews into the way children are treated by the UK Border Agency, it is not easy to see how the Home Office is going to square its obligations under the convention with its determination to be "tough" on failed asylum seekers with children. In the end, I suspect, lawyers will argue it out and a judge will decide.

UPDATE, 17:07: Following this post, the Border and Immigration Minister Phil Woolas has commented:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0003831-3621b763b62eb4675676594d80bd6bd3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011105 00000000000 014672  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        TAMPA — Nine-year-old Lucas White didn't know what to say.

When his mom approached his lemonade stand with a stranger holding a gift bag Friday, Lucas stood quietly as friends correctly guessed what was inside.

Lucas got a new iPod Touch, just like the one that was stolen from him Wednesday when teenagers in a Lutz apartment complex pushed him to the ground and robbed the children's drink stand of all $13.53 in profits.

The stranger, Scott Leckington, bought not only a new iPod, but $30 in iTunes gift cards. He gave Lucas' mother, who was recently laid off from her job, $150. And he gave $75 in Pizza Hut gift cards so Lucas could treat his fellow lemon-squeezers to a pizza party. Leckington delivered another pizza card and an iPod case donated by Pizza Hut and Best Buy.

"I like it," Lucas said as he choked back tears. He threw his arms around Leckington and held on for a few minutes before he went to work putting the iPod in its case. He tried to hand Leckington a cup full of Friday's drink proceeds but the 44-year-old Brandon man wouldn't have it.

Eventually Lucas came to accept the gift with a toothy smile, just like he did for waves of people that day who had traveled for as long as two hours to buy a $1 cup of lemonade or "lime-onade" in a parking lot at the Livingston apartments.

The kids guessed they had made at least $100 but hadn't counted their profits yet.

The lemonade stand heist had been reported in the Tampa Bay Times and on local television news programs.

"When I saw the story, it was just sad to see how two teenagers would take something away from a little 9-year-old," Leckington said. "It was just wrong, and I saw it was an opportunity to give back."

He got in touch with Lucas' mother, Jacqueline Jolly, Thursday night. He, too, had been recently laid off and said he wanted to reach out to the mother who had worked to help her son set up his first lemonade stand even though money was tight. She had bought pizza for the kids who helped out.

Lucas' initial goal was to make $50 selling lemonade to buy toys, but when friends pitched in, he decided to divide the earnings. They decorated a cardboard box, offering balloons with each purchase, and played Eric Church and country songs on his iPod.

About 5 p.m. neighbor Deante Small, 19, and a 16-year-old girl the kids didn't know asked for two glasses of lemonade.

The customers began to argue with the kids that their portions were too small, and Lucas splashed them with water. The girl then pushed him to the ground and grabbed his iPod while Small grabbed the money cup. The two drove away as Jolly called the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office.

Small was arrested Wednesday night and charged with robbery by sudden snatching. The girl, whose name was not released, was charged with battery and petty theft. Small was released Thursday on $2,000 bail.

"It was just one bad decision, but now the kids are seeing that there are consequences when you make a bad decision and there's also good in the world and people who will pitch in to help you when you're down," said Tamika Wright, whose children Nylia-Jane, 9, and Jadin, 10, joined in the lemonade venture from the start. "I know they've learned a lot from this."

Within minutes of setting up shop Friday, a man on a motorcycle came from New Tampa to hand the kids a wad of bills. Workers who came to clean the apartment pool stopped to donate $12 and a 79-year-old woman from Temple Terrace gave $30 for a hug and a drink. As Jolly and other parents and brothers stood outside to keep an eye on the kids, her phone buzzed with emails from people wanting to give money. One sent her $200 on PayPal.

"Once a man gave us a $50 bill and told us to 'keep the change,' and people are giving us money and not even wanting any lemonade," said Nylia-Jane. "We didn't even want any money, we just wanted to help Lucas to be nice, but he's being nice and giving us money."

The best gift, though, was completely unexpected and led Jolly to break down in tears.

She got a call about 1 p.m. from the apartment office that the arrested teen's mother had left a gift for Lucas. It was a new, black folding table, matching folding chairs, a glass beverage dispenser and a juicer so the kids no longer had to squeeze lemons by hand. There was a card from Small's mother containing $20 and an apology. There was also a handwritten letter from the son, known as "Casper" to the kids in the neighborhood, saying he hopes to "dearly apologize" for his actions.

"It's pretty good," Lucas said of the gesture.

"I accept his apology."

Contact Anastasia Dawson at [email protected] or (813) 226-3377. Follow @adawsonwrites.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0003878-8574a78b9e2767948891ff40ea59c416.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005714 00000000000 014672  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        .- Claude Paradis was impoverished and homeless, living on the streets of Montreal, Canada. He struggled with addiction to both alcohol and drugs, with a future so bleak, he considered ending his own life.

He did not end his life, however, and today he is a priest who dedicates his time to serving the physical and spiritual needs of those trapped in poverty, prison and prostitution.

“The street brought me to the Church and the Church in the end brought me back to the street,” the priest told the Journal Metro.

Last December, as a sign of his closeness and solidarity with the homeless, Fr. Paradis decided to sleep on the street for the whole month, to care for the homeless people there with solidarity and charity.

His hope was that he could accompany people in a difficult situation while also making the citizens of Montreal aware of the harsh reality faced by those living on the street.

Fr. Paradi founded an institution called Notre-Dame-de-la-rue (Our Lady of the Street). Each night, he goes out to bring food and shelter to those living on the streets. He also administers the sacraments, celebrates the Eucharist and even presides at funerals.

The priest is accompanied by one of his co-workers, Kevin Cardin, who also was addicted to drugs, but found help, changed his life and now has a family.

Notre-Dame-de-la-rue has the support of the Archbishop Christian Lépine of Montreal, who has described the initiative as “a presence of the Church to give encouragement.” It also has the support of the city.

“Our mission is especially to give encouragement. Unlike the shelters, we go out to the people, a bit like a door-to-door service. We talk to them, sometimes we pray together before they go back to face the harshness of the street.”

Fr. Paradis knows how hard life on the street is. After growing up in the Gaspé region and working in Cowansville as a nurse, he came to Montreal 25 years ago.

However, he was unable to find a job. “Isolation and despair took hold of me,” he said.

Living on the street, he thought about committing suicide. “I started doing cocaine and then crack,” he recalled.

In a letter posted on the website of La Victoire de l'Amour (the Victory of Love), Fr. Paradis tells how he met the Lord.

“I had the privilege of meeting God just at the moment I was doubting Him. On a little back street in Montreal, abandoned by people, there was nobody there. Passing by the old church, impelled by I don't know what instinct, I turned back in there.”

At that moment, he had a deep and intense encounter with God. He realized he did not want to die, but rather wanted to become “a man of the Church.”

Fr. Paradis went on to fight his addictions and now ministers to many people who face the same challenges he struggled with years ago.

The 57-year-old priest has dedicated the rest of his life to serving the poor, saying “on the street is where I want to be, until I die.”

This article was originally published on CNA Jan. 17, 2017.                                                    0003891-fbe2cc7510cf4b64bb4e372afe526c4c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000055475 00000000000 015416  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        While legendary sound designer and game composer Bo was not apparently part of the round-table interview, the book appended a short word from him at the end, which I have also included here.

This long interview with the original Phantasy Star development team (except Yuji Naka, sadly) was found in the 1993 “World of Phantasy Star” book. It’s filled with interesting anecdotes and trivia about the seminal RPG, and the by-now common theme of freedom in the early days of Japanese game development is also sounded.

Phantasy Star 1993 Developer Interview

From the “World of Phantasy Star” book

Rieko Kodama: Phantasy Star I and II character designer, Phantasy Star IV team leader. Editor for the Sega publication “Spec.” Champion Boxing, Alex Kidd in Miracle World, Zillion, Miracle Warriors, Hoshi o Sagashite, Fantasy Zone II, Altered Beast, Shadow Dancer, Sonic the Hedgehog, and more.

Miki Morimoto: Game Designer. Phantasy Star Series, Hoshi o Sagashite, Sorcerian, and others.

Kotaro Hayashida: Game Designer. Alex Kidd in Miracle World, Phantasy Star, and others.

Kazuyuki Shibata: Graphic Designer. Phantasy Star I and II, Pyramid Magic, Surging Aura, and others.

Toru Yoshida: Graphic Designer. Super Thunder Blade, King Colossus, Phantasy Star II, Phantasy Star IV, Phantasy Star Text Adventure, and more.

Tokuhiko Uwabo, aka “Bo”: Sound and music. Alex Kidd, Fantasy Zone, Space Harrier, many more.

Miki Morimoto, game designer.

—Why did you choose the Phantasy Star title? Did it simply mean something like “a planet/star of fantasy”?

Morimoto: That’s basically right, but the origin was different. The main programmer, Yuji Naka, was a fan of the idol singer Noripii (Noriko Sakai), and her liked her new song “Nagisa no Fantasy” (Beachside Fantasy). From that he took the word Fantasy, and played around with it till he came up with Phantasy Star. It ultimately ended up matching the image of the game.

—That reminds me of the story of the Advanced Daisenryaku sample rom, where you can find the hidden graphic of idol Chisato Moritaka dressed up in a military uniform.

Hayashida: Yeah, the designer Minami liked Chisato Moritaka so he just added that in there. If you don’t know about it and it suddenly comes up, it’s like, what the hell? Anyway, naming things is always tough. Even after thinking and thinking it’s very common to just come up blank, and sometimes you get hints from strange places. I’m sure it’s the same with people who have to think of titles for movies or songs.

—Even today the original Phantasy Star has many passionate fans, with the Tokuma Published strategy guide having been reprinted many times. What do you think is the enduring appeal and charm of Phantasy Star?

Morimoto: There’s a lot of elements in RPGs today that seem rigidly defined, almost cliches. For example, getting a boat, getting an airship… with an airship you can cross the mountains, but can’t destroy them or anything like that. In Phantasy Star, we had the audacious idea of the Ice Decker vehicle where you could actually enjoy mowing down icebergs on the terrain.

Mowing down mountains with the ice-digger.

Then there’s the spaceship which lets you fly to other planets. It’s a more free, unrestrained world. In most RPGs there’s only one world, right? In Phantasy Star the story straddles three planets, and I think that kind of freewheeling sense of adventure is one of its main charms. The fact that it’s a science fiction RPG also sets it apart, but since we mixed sword and sorcery into the science fiction, it’s a really open, wild world.

—Can you tell us about the origins of Phantasy Star?

Morimoto: Phantasy Star came into being when, during the Master System era, Sega decided that it also needed to create an RPG. So they started soliciting game design ideas from us, and Chieko Aoki had this story idea she’d been mulling over for awhile. We used that and worked it into what became the original story draft for Phantasy Star. Even at that early stage, almost all the dialogue was already written–that was how much Chieko loved Phantasy Star.

Kodama: In the original draft for Phantasy Star there were four planets. But we realized it would be very difficult to properly depict four planets. There was also an issue with memory limitations, so we changed it to three planets. Today you can use a lot of memory for a game, but back then even 4 megs was a huge amount.

—Speaking of the memorable characters in Phantasy Star, Lutz had quite an impact with players, didn’t he?

Kodama: Actually, when I created the first draft of the characters for Phantasy Star II, I made Lutz the main character. By the way, since so many people have asked whether Lutz is male or female, let me say a little about that. In the original story drafts of Phantasy Star, Lutz was a hermaphrodite, and as Alisa grew up, Lutz could become male or female. I thought that was interesting so I depicted Lutz that way.

Early concept art for Lutz from PSII.

Yoshida: In the earliest drafts for Phantasy Star II, the main character is Lutz, and it opens with him awakening from cryosleep. In the 1000 years since Phantasy Star, his abilities have changed. He’s more of a warrior now, and he sets out to wander the world. There was also a part where he warps back in time and has to save Alisa at the time of her birth. In the end he defeats his enemies and vanishes again.

Kodama: We even brought him back for PSIV at first. We didn’t have any ideas and just started playing around with the characters.

—Please tell us how the dungeons in Phantasy Star were designed.

Shibata: You originally scrolled through the 3D dungeons in Phantasy Star much quicker. But we couldn’t have done them in 3D without Yuji Naka.

Kodama: Regarding the 3D, we would get an image of the dungeon in our head and draw them out on paper, but there were little details that bugged us and it wasn’t getting across to the programmers as we had envisioned it. Yuji Naka learned of this and, on his own, made a wireframe 3D imaging program expressly for us. That program was also the start of Shibata learning to draw 3D graphics. That was what was amazing about Yuji: he would never just say “that can’t be done” to a planning or design idea. He thought about our wishes seriously and would always figure out some ingenuous way to make our ideas possible. He was very considerate of the designer’s vision, in other words.

Hayashida: Right, and it was Yuji who fixed the speed of the dungeons. The scrolling was originally so fast they made your head spin, like some high-speed STG.

Morimoto: They went so fast you got dizzy, like you were drunk or something.

Rieko Kodama, PSI/II

character designer.

Kodama: We got many requests to make the dungeons in Phantasy Star II 3D too. But to make dungeons that would look satisfying to us, with rotating floors and other features, would have taken up too much memory on the Megadrive. It would have been almost impossible.

Hayashida: And 3D dungeons aren’t really the essence of Phantasy Star, anyway. By the way, being able to save your game in the dungeons led to a huge problem. If you were deep in a dungeon and very close to death after a battle, you could then save your game. But in doing so, you’d always start out in that weakened state, and if you encountered an enemy you would never win, thereby getting trapped in the dungeon forever. It was especially tragic if it happened in the latter part of the game. With tears in your eyes, you’d have no choice but to start a new game.

Kodama: Back then, we developers didn’t know much about RPGs. (laughs)

—Just before Phantasy Star was released, I remember hearing that it would have both battery backup saves and a password system…

Hayashida: Yeah, we did have those plans, but we had to cut the password feature out due to memory problems.

Yoshida: With RPGs today it’s almost impossible to implement a password-save feature. If we had tried to add one for Phantasy Star IV, first, it would have to be absolutely perfectly entered (just having one character off would mean it wouldn’t work), and the password would be so long it would take two screens to write out–not the kind of thing you can just write down on a notepad. Anyway, compared with the original Phantasy Star, the sequels have many more party members and the amount of data isn’t even comparable.

—One of the most memorable things about Phantasy Star was the ending. Making your way through the brutal final dungeon, beating the boss, and thinking the game is over… suddenly the screen scrolls up and you’re dropped back into the dungeon! I remember seeing that text on the wall and thinking, “who is that?! is there a true final boss?” My heart started racing. Whose idea was it to do that for the ending?

Kodama: I don’t actually remember who suggested it. Who could it be…

Hayashida: After you cleared it and the final pictures were shown, I remember being like, what shall we do for the ending staff roll? Someone came up with the idea of using the 3D dungeons, and we thought it would be cool to put the staff’s names up there.

Toru Yoshida, graphic designer.

Kodama: Yeah, I think it just came about in one of our random conversations. Though I remember the decision to just drop you back into the dungeon came at the very end of the development. We were thinking about how to get the player back there to show the credits, and we decided to just plop you back down in there.

Hayashida: There was a routine in the program for falling through pitfalls, so it was easy to do. But the result was that surprising ending, so for its psychological impact I would call it a success!

—Can you tell us any interesting stories or episodes about creating the monsters of Phantasy Star?

Morimoto: We all thought the Zombie looked funny, so one time we tried to see how many we could put on-screen at once. It turns out you could have 8 of them there. But could they animate? They did, and everyone was completely grossed out by it!

But the weirdest of all was the “Lich” character (spelled “Rich” in Japanese katakana). Despite his name this guy dropped no money when he was defeated!

By the way, the Luveno spaceship was actually the very first mecha graphic that Kodama, our team leader in PSIV, had ever drawn. She had never drawn anything like that before, so I was wondering if she’d be nervous about it, and what kind of image she’d come up with. But I remember she was really relaxed about it. Back then when people came to visit our development room, it wasn’t like today where you have a more systemized organization of departments and such; rather, it was more like there’d be a teacher and pupil working together. It lent the development area a special atmosphere.

—What do you mean by “teacher” and “pupil”?

Kodama: Yeah, there were “teachers” for music, graphics, all the different aspects of development at Sega. That’s how I learned to do graphics, from Yoshiki Kawasaki, who now works in the PR department.

The “gross-out” Zombie animation…

now imagine 8 of them at once!

—What, really?

Kodama: Yes! Kawasaki did the sprites for Flicky and other older games. He’s extremely talented. That’s how I learned all these things: from the know-how passed down from older employees.

Yoshida: Now you’ve got some people with Famicom experience, some with Megadrive experience, and just a whole variety of people joining the company. That old apprentice system is fading away, and I suppose you could say something of the old Sega is disappearing too.

Morimoto: Maybe the Sega-ness of our games was nothing other than the humanity imparted by the apprenticeship system…

—In Phantasy Star, there were some extremely powerful enemies in the last dungeon and last planet. They were stronger than the boss, Dark Force, weren’t they?

Hayashida: That would be Mammoth and Golem. Mammoth, especially–if he appeared in a group, your heart started racing. I seem to remember they were really hard to flee from, too.

Morimoto: I did all the enemy stats, and the flee percentage parameter was actually an enemy stat. You could run easily from monsters in the first half of the game, but by the second half it was very difficult. (laughs)

Hayashida: Monsters sometimes appear in unexpected areas too, like the Serpent inside that one house of the Air Castle. Speaking of weird things, in the backstory the Centaur enemies are supposed to be these knights under Lashiec’s control, but when you use Telepathy on them and talk to them, they sometimes give you information. There’s a part of them that’s very “human.” Even the monsters in Phantasy Star were something unique.

Morimoto: Yeah, and they weren’t monsters, but the village of lying Dezorians and truthful Dezorians was also different.

Hayashida: We had a lot of fun designing the monsters and events for Phantasy Star. Ah, that reminds me… one of the most difficult things about this game was how hard it was to get money. Mixed in with the standard necessities were some surprisingly expensive items, if you tried to save up money for them.

—Was the chemistry between the development staff a large part of the excellent balance Phantasy Star achieved? If the staff doesn’t get along, it seems like any good ideas would just disintegrate in that hostile atmosphere.

Kotaro Hayashida, game designer.

Hayashida: I think the success of Phantasy Star lies in the fact that the development staff was given the freedom to make the game we wanted, without restrictions or control. I wanted to create something that the Famicom wouldn’t have been able to do, so I wanted the dungeons to be in 3D. When I think back on the story now, there were a lot of ridiculous things in it, but we were able to do it how we wanted, had fun while we were doing it, and the result was a good game. After all, if you’re having fun, you can give it your all even when things gets tough.

I think that synergy resulted in a good game. However, until the game was completed, there were a lot of unknowns. We had to give our full effort to the very, very end. RPGs have especially long developments, so by the latter half everyone is just run-down, you know? But if you relax and slack off at the very end, your game will feel sloppy regardless of all the previous work you did. In that sense, the difference between a good game and a bad game really depends on whether the staff can maintain their efforts in that final stretch. The deadlines are bearing down on you, and it’s very common for people to experience utter exhaustion at the end. There will be a difference between the image the designers had for the game, and the game you actually created, and figuring out how to adjust that gap at the very end is an important point.

—I’d like to talk about Chieko Aoki, who created the backstory and world of Phantasy Star (and was a game designer for Phantasy Star II). What was she like?

Morimoto: She was a very quiet, shy person, but she also had a strong inner core. During the development, when everything was getting crazy, she’d be unfazed, working steadily at her own pace. I think she had a lot of attachment to the story and world of Phantasy Star. That reminds me, I hardly ever stayed over at the company office, but one time we had to work on bug checking late into the night, so Chieko and I made some makeshift beds out of office chairs and spent the night there in a conference room. It felt just like a field trip.

There would also be questions about the game circulating around the development room, and Chieko would often answer them. So we gave her the nickname “Otegami Chie” (Letter Chie).

Letters from fans to “Gamer Miki.”

—And what were the origins of the other nicknames for the development staff, like “Gamer Miki” and “Choko Oneesan” ?

Morimoto: “Gamer Miki-chan” refers to me. I got that nickname because I did a lot of the playtesting and bug checks. Sega’s publication “SPEC” featured a manga called “Hataraku Kaihatsu-san” (the hardworking developers), and there’s an interview with “Gamer Miki” there too. I got a lot of postcards from fans addressed to that name. As for Choko Oneesan, there used to be a Telephone Answer line Sega ran called “Joy Joy Telephone.” She was the “Oneesan” from that early period. She was really popular with the kids and would receive a lot of fan letters. You know, it makes me wonder, in Phantasy Star, why was I the only one to be found in such a strange place as the jail???

Anyway, speaking of characters, I wonder if any Sega fans today remember “Professor Asobin” and “Doctor Games” ? They were characters who appeared in the back of Sega game manuals, and they’d give you hints and tips…

—Can you tell us a bit about the sound/music development for Phantasy Star?

Morimoto: Since Phantasy Star was made at the time of the Sega Master System, it was very difficult to create sounds for it. In that sense, you can’t talk about this game without mentioning its sound and music. Sometimes we’d ask Bo to create a certain songs, but if the image didn’t match up he’d have to rewrite it. After reworking it, he’d bring something to us all excited, but everyone would say “maybe the old version was better…” while Bo quietly wept. (laughs)

Despite all that, Bo and the rest of the staff had a lot of love for this game. Back then we all worked together in the same room: sound, planning, programming. That was also where Bo made nearly all his music and sounds. It must have been tough.

SST band plays the PSIII opening theme.

Speaking of music, I think the SST band, a group composed of Sega Sound Staff, was formed just around the time Phantasy Star was released. They did a show at a park outside the east exit of Ikebukuro station, and I remember they were worried if people would even come. It was a big turnout though. Many things didn’t go right because it was their first live show, but it was a rare sight back then to see a video game sound team form a band, and the park was packed with people. It was a huge success.

At that time the SST Band was using sequencers for the live show. A sequencer is something that lets you play back music you’ve programmed into it, and since they used sequencers in their early days, you often saw pictures of the band just standing there, not appearing to do anything. (laughs)

Hayashida: With video game music, whether the songs are poppy or more complex, they need to have catchy melodies you could easily hum to yourself. Then the music has to match the development team’s ideas (graphically and otherwise), so it’s really quite difficult work. If the songs are too long they may not get fully heard in-game, or they’ll eat up too much program memory… it’s no easy job.

—Are there any plans to port Phantasy Star?

Morimoto: We often get requests from fans who never got to play the Master System Phantasy Star and want us to port it to the Megadrive. But the truth is, if you do a thorough search you can find toy stores where they’ve still got copies of the original game for sale. I’ve seen people write on message boards stuff like “I found a copy at XXX-store,” but when I went the next day myself to check, it was sold out. So it seems there’s still some left in some small, out-of-the-way places, but if you find one you had better snatch it up, or they’ll all soon be gone. However, as part of the promotional campaign for Phantasy Star IV, we’re giving out copies of the original Phantasy Star as a present. Make sure you enter!

—One of the weirder events in Phantasy Star involves the cake selling girl in the middle of the dungeon. What was that about?

Dungeon Bakery.

Hayashida: People ask us a lot about that, even today. When Yuji Naka got back from America after finishing Sonic 2, I remember he saw that and said, “Why the hell is someone selling cake in that dungeon.” Yeah, everyone thought it was weird.

Well, I’ve forgotten who exactly came up with the idea originally, but I believe it was a girl. I remember we talked about the event in the story where you go to meet the Motavian governor, and someone pointed out that since the governor is such an important person, you should probably bring him some kind of souvenir. Then we asked what it should be, and a girl said cake was good, so that’s what we did. But then the question came of where the cake shop should be located, and we agreed that it would be boring if it was in some normal or easily accessible place, and I think that was how we decided to put it in the dungeon. I think the woman who suggested it was probably Morimoto or Aoki, but whoever said it probably no longer remembers themselves. But yeah, that event reflects the large number of women on the Phantasy Star development staff.

Message from Bo, Phantasy Star Composer

Bo: Today there’s almost 20 people working as Sega Sound Staff, and I’m focusing on producing. But back then all our console game sound was done by me and one other person. And when I say “sound,” when you include things like sound effects, it means having to create over 100 sounds for each game. When we were busy I had to work on nearly 16 titles at the same time. For each game the image and world were different, so you couldn’t just put out shoddy knock-offs, nor could you expect to finish everything if you only worked at the office. All day, every day, I had to be constantly thinking about writing music: if I woke up in the morning with a melody in my head and could remember it through the train ride to work, then I figured it was a good melody and I’d end up using it. Time management was key to finishing everything. I’d parse out my time in blocks, working on songs for each game in a given period, then moving to the next.

Bo and his sound studio at Sega, circa 1993

Phantasy Star was made during the Master System era, so there were restrictions in both the sounds available and the memory available. It was very difficult, but also very fun. The sounds from that game were a result of experimenting, trying this and that… not the kind of sounds you could create if you just relied on your theoretical knowledge. Even today Phantasy Star stands out as some of the most memorable work I did.

Another aspect of the Phantasy Star development was that we all shared the same room: game designers, programmers, and sound. That meant everyone could peek in on everyone else’s work. I could check out where the game designers were at, and the designers could look over and see how the sound was going. It made for a very different atmosphere from what you see today in game development. The fans then also had a very refined appreciation for the sights and sounds of video games, too. I’d get letters from fans expressing support, or sharing their thoughts on the music. It was a real motivator for writing music. There were no sound tests in our games that time, and a fan once even sent me a tape she had made with all the game music carefully recorded on it. I was so surprised–she even recorded all the sound effects!                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003893-7cc83990e4f2434a29a7736bf1b77c03.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000022435 00000000000 014770  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        People celebrating on Peachtree Street

Peachtree Street is one of several major streets running through the city of Atlanta. Beginning at Five Points in downtown Atlanta, it runs North through Midtown; a few blocks after entering into Buckhead, the name changes to Peachtree Road at Palisades Road. Much of the city's historic and noteworthy architecture is located along the street, and it is often used for annual parades, (such as the Atlanta St. Patrick's Day Parade and Atlanta Christmas Parade), as well as one-time parades celebrating events such as the 100th anniversary of Coca-Cola in 1986 and the Atlanta Braves' 1995 World Series victory.

History [ edit ]

Peachtree Street in 1907, carrying streetcar, horse, and automobile traffic.

Atlanta grew on a site occupied by the Creek people, which included a major village called Standing Peachtree. There is some dispute over whether the Creek settlement was called Standing Peachtree or Standing Pitch Tree, corrupted later to peach. Pine trees, common to the area, were also known as pitch trees due to their sap.[1]

A trail known as the Peachtree Trail stretched from northeast Georgia to Standing Pitch Tree along the Chattahoochee River.[2] The original Peachtree Road began in 1812 at Fort Daniel located at Hog Mountain in present-day Gwinnett County and ran along the course of the trail to the Chattahoochee. Some portions of the present road trace this route.

After the American Civil War a shantytown named Tight Squeeze developed at Peachtree at what is now 10th Street in Midtown Atlanta. It was infamous for vagrancy, desperation, robberies of merchants transiting the settlement.[3][4]

In 1867, the name of Whitehall Street, the original road to White Hall Tavern in today's West End neighborhood, was changed to Peachtree Street from Marietta Street south to the railroad crossing (now "gulch") just north of Alabama Street.[5] Later in the 1980s,[6] the portion of Whitehall Street from Five Points south to Forsyth Street and Memorial Drive, a major shopping district from the Civil War through mid-20th century, was renamed Peachtree Street SE.

In 2007, Atlanta mayor Shirley Franklin unveiled a $1 billion, 20-year plan to transform Peachtree Street with streetscape upgrades, public parks, buried utilities, and the addition of a streetcar, based on a sixteen-month study by the Peachtree Corridor Partnership task force.[7][8]

Nomenclature [ edit ]

Peachtree Street as it travels through Midtown

The Peachtree name is common throughout the Atlanta area. In fact, it is often joked by natives that half of the streets in Atlanta are named Peachtree, and the other half have five names to make up for it.[citation needed] While “Peachtree” alone almost always refers to this street or its continuations, there are 71 streets in Atlanta with a variant of “Peachtree” in their name.[9] Some of these include:

Peachtree Creek Road

Peachtree Lane

Peachtree Avenue

Peachtree Circle

Peachtree Drive

Peachtree Plaza

Peachtree Way

Peachtree Memorial Drive

New Peachtree Road

Peachtree Walk

Peachtree Park Drive

Peachtree Parkway

Peachtree Valley Road

Peachtree Battle Avenue (commemorating the Battle of Peachtree Creek)

Peachtree Dunwoody Road (running between Peachtree Street and Dunwoody, Georgia)

Old Peachtree Road (traces part of the route of the original Peachtree Trail for which the road is named)

Atlanta St. Patrick’s Day Parade on Peachtree Street, 2013

Peachtree is also seen in place names:

Peachtree Center is a major development of skyscrapers and other high-rises in downtown, with Peachtree Center Avenue running a block east of Peachtree Street.

Peachtree City is a planned-suburb golf community located south of the city.

Peachtree Corners is also a planned suburb located north of the city.

West Peachtree Street [ edit ]

West Peachtree Street is not a western branch of Peachtree Street, but a major parallel (and unlike Peachtree, almost perfectly straight) due north/south street running one block west of Peachtree Street through downtown, and mostly two or three blocks west (due to the curves in Peachtree Street) through Midtown. West Peachtree divides the northeast and northwest quadrants of the city and county for street addressing purposes.

Where the current Peachtree Street turns to Peachtree Road and briefly heads northwest, it actually crosses West Peachtree, leaving it on the "east" side. It is at this point that the Buford-Spring Connector (Georgia 13) begins, taking the route of old I-85. The studios of WSB-TV are located on this section of “West” Peachtree Street[citation needed], which terminates at I-85. Through this section north of 17th Street in Midtown, and in downtown south of North Avenue to Peachtree Street (and continuing south then southwest on Peachtree to Luckie Street / Auburn Avenue), the MARTA north/northeast line (red and orange/gold trains) runs directly under West Peachtree. Between the two, it runs no more than a block to the east.

Route numbers [ edit ]

From the Buford-Spring Connector north to Roswell Road, Peachtree Street and Peachtree Road carry U.S. 19 and Georgia 9. At a five-way intersection with East/West Paces Ferry Road at the center of the original Buckhead Village, these continue north onto Roswell Road, and Georgia 141 begins on Peachtree instead. South of the connector, 9 and 19 continue on two one-way streets: West Peachtree Street northbound and Spring Street southbound.

Peachtree meets Piedmont Road (Georgia 237) between Buckhead Village and Lenox Square. Besides the southwestern terminus of Georgia 13 (mentioned above) the only other major intersection in Atlanta is at North Avenue, which carries Georgia 8, U.S. 29, U.S. 78, and U.S. 278.

There are no direct highway interchanges from Peachtree to the Downtown Connector (I-75/85), I-85, or Georgia 400 freeways, all of which it crosses. However, there is a full interchange at I-285, at which point Peachtree Industrial Boulevard is built as an expressway for a few miles.

Landmarks [ edit ]

Modern glass structures on Peachtree Street in Midtown

Many of Atlanta's most prominent buildings and landmarks are located along Peachtree Street. In downtown, 191 Peachtree Tower, Georgia-Pacific Tower, Westin Peachtree Plaza and SunTrust Plaza all line Peachtree. In Midtown, Bank of America Plaza, Atlanta's tallest building, is a block south of the "Fabulous" Fox Theatre, a grand movie palace completed in 1929.

Author Margaret Mitchell was killed by a speeding car in 1949 while crossing Peachtree Street as a pedestrian at the intersection with 13th Street. Mitchell wrote her classic Gone With the Wind in the basement apartment of a boarding house at the corner of 10th Street and Peachtree Street. That house is now a museum and is located across 10th Street from the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta which serves the southeastern United States. The film debuted at the Loew's Grand Theatre, at the corner of Peachtree and Forsyth Street, where the Georgia-Pacific Building now stands.

Office buildings 1100 Peachtree (formerly owned and occupied by BellSouth) and 1180 Peachtree, home to major law firms, are prominent business addresses. The heart of Atlanta's arts scene is found just north on Peachtree where the Woodruff Arts Center, including the High Museum of Art, Atlanta Symphony, Alliance Theatre Company, and the Atlanta campus of the Savannah College of Art & Design are located.

Although most have been demolished, there are still several historic buildings left along Peachtree in Buckhead. Several of these are stores, in single-story brick buildings constructed well before the annexation of Buckhead in 1952.

Northeast of the city limit, the road goes through Brookhaven and passes Oglethorpe University. Upon entering Chamblee, the road splits into Peachtree Industrial Boulevard and Peachtree Road. Peachtree Road becomes a two-lane road that travels further east towards Doraville, while Peachtree Industrial Boulevard continues more on a more northerly trajectory (as Georgia 141) towards Dunwoody and Peachtree Corners.

Retail [ edit ]

The Buckhead shopping district features many high-end retailers, concentrated in the Phipps Plaza and Lenox Square malls. Buckhead Atlanta (formerly "Streets of Buckhead") is a mixed-use development that opened in 2014. The "Midtown Mile" was a concept to make part of Peachtree in Midtown like the Magnificent Mile in Chicago.

Geography [ edit ]

Atlantans are often convinced that the ridge followed by Peachtree Street is part of the Eastern Continental Divide. While Peachtree Street is atop a ridge, railroad tracks were built on the actual Eastern Continental Divide, which follows DeKalb Avenue from Decatur to Five Points, then turns southwest toward the Atlanta airport, with the northwest side draining into the Chattahoochee or Flint Rivers and therefore into the Gulf of Mexico, and the southeast side eventually into the Atlantic Ocean. In 1959, Whitehall Street SW, which meets Peachtree Street NE at Five Points, was renamed "Peachtree Street SW", and the Eastern Continental Divide follows this street, so a small portion of the story may be technically correct. Atlanta's primary water source is the Chattahoochee and much of the water is pumped over the watershed. To balance the river flows, treated sewage is pumped back to the Chattahoochee.

In popular culture [ edit ]

Gallery [ edit ]

See also [ edit ]

References [ edit ]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003717-9b30304c7b30cea18770d1f3b201b038.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004751 00000000000 014717  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        We’re still nowhere close to solving the password conundrum. Software solutions, such as password managers, have attempted to solve it by managing and encrypting all of your passwords with a master key. That’s convenient but, like all software, it isn’t a perfect solution but maybe hardware can help.

Mooltipass is a hardware gadget that physically stores your passwords. The Swiss startup has raised over $75,000 on its Kickstarter crowdfunding campaign to build its new iteration, the Mooltipass Mini, a palm-sized device that should make carrying your passwords even easier.

The Mooltipass Mini connects to your computer or smartphone and stores your passwords using a PIN-protected smart card. When you get started, the Mooltipass browser extension or smartphone app asks you to enter your password for each account, which it then saves. It also acts as a USB keyboard for adding in passwords manually. After that you’ll only need to log in by connecting the device and hitting its login button. In theory, it cuts out the need to remember and enter passwords each time you login into a site.

mooltipass-login-phone More

The smart card that stores your authentication data is encrypted with AES-256 encryption, meaning multiple cards can be used with the device.

Related: Vaulteq’s physical password manager stores your data at home, not in the cloud

So far Mooltipass only has a Chrome extension, which will generate lengthy and tough passwords for you before saving them to your device. So while the device itself can be used with any OS, you still need to be a Chrome user. If you’re not a Chrome user, the startup says its currently developing and testing a Firefox version.

The successful crowdfunding campaign shows the prototype of the new Mini device and a number of test users have copies. The new funds will be used to advance the development of the device and make it commercially available. It will cost around $70, and has a planned January release.

For now, the appeal of the device is somewhat constrained by its Chrome limitation. It’s kind of reminiscent of Vaulteq, another physical password manager that’s trying to eradicate the password problem with a mini server that connects to your home router. Mooltipass on the other hand is designed for portability, which is a big plus.

Both devices have had successful crowdfunding campaigns. Whether physical password solutions will gain traction beyond the most security-conscious consumers, who have put down their money, remains to be seen.                       0003767-24ee0a23186a7ed76b5b289b750dda83.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013412 00000000000 015113  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        CRANBERRY TWP — A father and son who are avid bikers have a few issues with the township police and claim the officers have little idea of what the bike laws are.

Jack and Brendan Linton talked to the township supervisors Nov. 19 about their concerns.

Brendan Linton said he and his father share the same enjoyment of cycling and combined they ride an excess of 3,000 miles per year, mostly in the township.

“At no time do my father and I — and at no time will we — ask for special treatment. That is not why we are here. We are asking for equal treatment from our police department,” Brendan Linton said. “Our goal and our families’ goal is to have us return home safely.”

Since the spring of 2007, Brendan Linton claims he and his father have had several instances where they have had interactions with police. While some of these interactions have been good, many of them have not, he said.

Brendan Linton said he and his father learned few officers know the bicycle laws but fewer know the proper enforcement of them.

“I have to be honest. I’ve worked with other police departments in various counties and hate to use this language, but Cranberry Township’s Police Department is clueless on the bicycle laws. They have absolutely no idea,” Brendan Linton said.

Jack Linton said over time other incidents have happened where motor vehicles have cause collisions with them, two of which resulted in charges being filed against Brendan Linton.

In 2014, Brendan Linton’s path was interfered with by a motorist on Haine School Road, Jack Linton said. Brendan Linton and the vehicle driver had an argument.

According to Jack Linton, the vehicle operator repeatedly threatened to assault him. In self-defense, Brendan Linton advised the operator that he would be pepper sprayed if he continued that.

Both the driver and Brendan were cited with disorderly conduct, Jack Linton said. A citation was not issued to the operator for encroaching on the 4 foot clearance that cyclists are supposed to have or for the threat of assault, Jack Linton said.

Brendan Linton was found guilty of disorderly conduct by District Judge David Kovach, but the driver was found guilty of nothing, Jack Linton said.

In May, Brendan Linton was riding on Haine School Road and was hit a passing vehicle’s side mirror, which broke when Brendan Linton pushed off the vehicle, Jack Linton said. A charge of criminal mischief/damage property was filed against Brendan Linton.

“When questioned at the summary trial, officer (Victor) Korol stated that he has not been trained in the bicycle laws at any time during the past year or during the past five years,” Jack Linton said.

Brendan Linton was found guilty of criminal mischief/damage property by District Judge Kovach in July, according to court documents.

Jack Linton said in an appeal to Butler County Court, Brendan Linton was found not guilty.

According to court documents, on Oct. 28 Brendan Linton was found not guilty by agreement of the parties of the charge of criminal mischief.

“Exactly the same as the previous two collisions, the motor vehicle operator was never cited,” Jack Linton said.

Jack Linton said an assistant district attorney told him that he approved the charge of criminal mischief because he was told by officers that Brendan Linton “followed the driver to the next intersection and broke the mirror in a fit of rage.”

He noted the video evidence from the cameras on the front and rear of the bikes showed otherwise.

Brendan Linton said there are clear issues with the police department.

“The enforcement of the laws is inconsistent. The actions of several officers is unprofessional and in some cases unlawful,” he said.

“The police have not cited the proper individuals in the incidents and filed citations against me based on facts or allegations that are later proven to be completely false,” Brendan Linton said.

Brendan said that he and his father have talked to law firms explaining their experiences.

“Each has advised us to take the same steps of action and our first step is this presentation,” Brendan Linton said.

Brendan Linton said they are asking the supervisors and staff members to work together and take action to correct the issues.

Township manager Jerry Andree said, “We respect and appreciate the passion Jack and Brendan have concerning bicycles. They have been helpful to us in developing our bicycle programs and trying to become a more bicycle friendly community.”

There are conflicts between bicyclists and motorists, said Jeffrey Schueler, director of public safety.

“We get very few bicyclist complaints, but when we do, it’s a conflict between the driver and the bicyclist.”

Schueler said he encourages the public to look at and understand the bicycle laws. “Because bicyclists do have a right to the roadway and we all have to share the roadway with each other and we have got to be good neighbors,” Schueler said.

“We want people to be safe on our roads and that is what the police officers are focused on,” he said.

Andree said the state mandates exactly what the officers are taught.

“Every year to continue to be a police officer you have to go to training. It is 16 hours of training every year,” Schueler said. “The state determines what that training is and part of the training is updates in criminal law, updates in traffic laws, so they’re briefed on anything new that has come up.”

Andree said when the bicycle laws changed three years ago, the state put one slide into the presentation that talked about bikeways.

“The state has not educated the police officers on anything additional for the last two years,” Andree said.

Andree said he has no concerns with the training of the officers.

“We are very confident that the training meets or exceeds all state standards,” Andree said.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0003802-cb284d9ccffd6259b135408b6aab2c77.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004075 00000000000 015247  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Baseball players are the world's biggest meatheads. A player admires his home run? Throw a ball at his face. An athlete in a totally different sport talks trash? Throw a ball at his face. A fellow union member files a lawsuit in a last-ditch effort to salvage $25 million? THROW A BALL AT HIS FACE. RESPECT THE GAME.

Yahoo's Jeff Passan and Tim Brown have the inside story of the MLB Players' Association representatives' response to Alex Rodriguez suing the union, and it's pretty much what you'd expect.

"When [Rodriguez] gets up to bat, you can hit him and hit him hard," one player on the conference call told Yahoo Sports. "That's what I'd do. He sued us. Jhonny Peralta and Nelson Cruz screwed up. You know what? They owned up to it. They took their medicine. "[Rodriguez] needs to be scared of coming back and facing people he sued. If he can't fear the wrath of getting kicked out or not being included, he's going to be forced out."

Advertisement

Keep in mind that this is Plan B.

Plan A, with near unanimous backing among union reps on the Jan. 13 conference call, was to kick Rodriguez out of the union. According to Yahoo, the idea was raised by the very first player to speak, and even after being told by executives that wasn't an option, more and more players threw their support behind it.

"That's what everyone was thinking," the player said. "We wanted to get on this call and not let him back. [To say,] 'This is our game and we don't want you in it.'"

Advertisement

I get why they're angry. Alex Rodriguez is scorching the earth in his attempt to overturn the most serious PED punishment in baseball history, handed down via a process that he argues was capricious and unfair. (He also believes the union didn't do much on his behalf, and he's probably right on that count.)

But suing the MLBPA wasn't personal. As Craig Calcaterra noted last week, labor law requires a plaintiff to name the union as a defendant when he sues his employer for breach of contract. THROW A BALL AT HIS FACE ANYWAY.

Sources: MLB Players Association would expel Alex Rodriguez – if it could [Yahoo]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003884-0db9c4cb7a7788ca64b86fbbbd670d18.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012462 00000000000 015347  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        So it was a natural fit when Brad Martin, who runs the Lakeland Hockey Association and Lakeland Ice Arena, asked Larkin and his brother, Colin, and his cousins, Adam and Ryan, if they were interested in doing a hockey camp.

WATERFORD, MICH . - Although Dylan Larkin is turning 21 this weekend, it wasn't that long ago that he was a little boy skating at Lakeland Ice Arena in Waterford.

All four Larkin boys eagerly agreed to do it and the Larkin Hockey School was born.

"A lot of us that are doing this camp grew up right in this rink and it is cool to come back and give back to these kids that are hopefully going to follow in our footsteps," Larkin said following an afternoon session. "We all have moved on through the hockey ranks and all of us are playing (or have played) college hockey. I hope we're setting a good example and we're having fun with the kids. It's been a good response in both years doing it so it's a lot of fun for us."

Other guest coaches are Mike Chiasson, Darren Brady (Rochester Institute of Technology), Charlie Curti (Yale), Drew Dorantes (Ferris State), Tyler Dorantes (Ferris State), Bryce Hatten (Miami Ohio) and Chase Sereno (Oakland).

Martin said when he was younger, Pat LaFontaine was growing up in Waterford and was for him like Larkin is for these young kids.

"It was just an honor to meet him and know him over the years," Martin said. "I've known (the Larkins) since they were little. It's been great fun. They're all awesome kids. You deal with Dylan a lot but all of them, they're brothers, not cousins. They're unbelievable guys. It's just so cool."

Martin said he originally thought the Larkins might agree to doing one week but instead they wanted to do three weeks. They just started their second week and the third one takes place from Aug. 8-11.

"Last year it was amazing, the hype of when we were building the registration online," Martin said. "I sent an email saying it was going to go live at two o'clock and it was like watching the ticker tape parade. In the first hour, I think there was like, 96 registrations. They were all time-stamped. It was just amazing. Because the owner of the rink's like, yeah, it's not going to sell out. Watching the numbers, it's like tick, tick, tick, refresh, refresh and the numbers just kept jumping and jumping. Almost 100 percent capacity for the three weeks."

Larkin was delighted at the impressive response they got for their new hockey school.

"To see these kids out here just enjoying hockey, they're sometimes crazy and they don't wait in line very well but to see the smile on their face when they make a good play or are out there skating around with their buddies, it's priceless," Larkin said. "Hopefully we can do it for as long as we can."

The kids who participated in last year's camp got first priority for this year's edition.

One of those returning campers is Zachary Brennan, 8, who moved to Michigan a few years ago.

"Some of my friends told me about this and I really wanted to go here so I'm like, 'Hey, Mom! Hey, Dad! Can I sign up for the Dylan Larkin camp? I heard it's really popular,'" Brennan said. "Then my mom and dad said, 'OK. When is it?' I said when it was and they took me here.

"I did last year for Dylan Larkin camp and I really liked it. Dylan Larkin holds the fastest record in skating so I can't believe I'm skating with him. It's very cool that I get to skate with an All-Star."

Brennan said he has taken one thing he's learned at hockey school to heart.

"Skating," Brennan said. "You have to skate to play. If you can't skate, you can't play."

Naturally, the kids have a lot of questions for the Larkins, especially for Dylan, so on the third day of each camp they have an off-ice question and answer session.

"There's some funny questions," Larkin said. "A lot about other teammates and a lot about what's it like to be a Red Wing. I think it's valuable that I share that. I think how I feel about where I came from and what I'm doing now playing for the Red Wings, I would have liked to hear it at their age and I think it's pretty cool for them."

Larkin said the kids always want to know how he made the U.S. National Team Development Program, how he got a scholarship to play at Michigan and how he made it to the NHL at such a young age.

"It really came down to work ethic," Larkin said. "These kids have a lot of distractions and school is the most important part but you got to be willing to shoot extra pucks at home and when the ponds are frozen, you want to be out there for a couple hours or as long as you want. I really preach it because it can't come from anyone else, it just has to come from the kid himself and that's when you get something special.

"When their parents are forcing them to do it, I'm sure it's not fun for them but if it comes from within, that's when something special could happen."

When the kids learn these things from their coaches, they pay attention, but when it comes from Larkin, a young star for the Red Wings, it makes the biggest impact.

"I use a lot of stuff that Dylan Larkin uses," Brennan said. "I use his celly (goal celebration), I use some of his moves. I really like him. He's my first favorite player. Alex Ovi (Ovechkin) is my second because I met him when I was two.

"It's an unbelievable feeling just being with Dylan Larkin and the Larkin family. It's just the most amazing thing anybody could ever wish for."                                                                                                                                                                                                              0003786-b24c1b089c679d01db1c01f506d7ca32.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012413 00000000000 015070  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        

Andy Blatchford, The Canadian Press





OTTAWA -- Canada served up two unsavoury batches of economic numbers Friday as the latest trade and jobs figures provided further evidence of the country's struggles.

On employment, Statistics Canada's labour force survey said the market lost 31,200 net jobs in July, an unexpectedly steep decline that included the biggest one-month drop in full-time work in nearly five years.

On trade, the fresh figures showed Canada's deficit with the world -- the balance between imports and exports -- ballooned to a record level of $3.6 billion in June.

"The overall story here is the Canadian economy is barely growing," BMO chief economist Doug Porter said Friday.

"And the drag on the economy is in the export sector, the one area of the economy where I think there were very high hopes. We're basically still incredibly dependent on consumer spending and housing to keep pulling the economy along."

Combined, Porter said the disappointing jobs and trade numbers increase the likelihood that the Bank of Canada will decrease its already-low benchmark interest rate before the end of the year to help boost the economy.

After Friday's releases, Porter said he thinks the chances of a rate cut before January are 25 per cent, up from 10 per cent.

Looking at the labour data, Statistics Canada's survey found the national unemployment rate for July crept up to 6.9 per cent from 6.8 per cent the previous month.

The country shed 71,400 net full-time jobs in July -- a number partly offset by an increase of 40,200 in less desirable, part-time positions. Statistics Canada said full-time work hadn't suffered a one-month blow that big since it lost 80,300 positions in October 2011.

Public sector work plummeted by 42,000 positions, compared to the labour force's addition of 13,600 private sector jobs.

The survey also found that paid employee positions fell by 28,400 last month, while self-employed work -- often considered more precarious -- declined by 2,700.

But Porter said the performance of the overall labour force may not have been quite as negative as the headline number suggests.

Pointing to the July drop of 24,200 public administration jobs, he said the decline could have been directly tied to the roughly 25,000 temporary positions created in April and May for the census.

Porter also underlined another possible "quirk" in the employment data. He noted that Ontario showed a drop last month of 37,800 positions in educational services, which could be due to a seasonal adjustment involving teachers that he has seen reflected in the data in the past.

He expects those numbers to recover over the coming months.

With the July decline in educational services jobs, Ontario suffered the biggest loss of any province. Its labour market lost 36,100 net positions, 18,900 of which were full time.

In Alberta, where the economy has been hit hard by low oil prices and May wildfires that temporarily shuttered some crude production, the unemployment rate rose 0.7 percentage points to 8.6 per cent. The rate reached its highest mark since September 1994.

Overall, the Canadian labour market had 0.4 per cent more jobs than 12 months earlier. During that same period, however, full-time work dropped 0.2 per cent while part-time jobs climbed 3.1 per cent.

"Looking at it from a very big picture, the reality is that we've had very modest job growth over the last 12 months," said Porter, who thought the trade numbers were even more "disturbing."

Statistics Canada said exports fell 4.7 per cent in the second quarter to $124 billion, the steepest slide since the second quarter of 2009 during the Great Recession.

"The extent of the drop -- that's a bit surprising," said Krishen Rangasamy, a National Bank senior economist.

As a result, Canada's quarterly trade deficit expanded to a record $10.7 billion in the second quarter, up from $6.4 billion in the first quarter.

"Basically, what that means is that trade is going to subtract from growth in the second quarter and is basically reinforcing our view that Canadian GDP actually contracted about 1.5 per cent annualized in the second quarter," he said.

Rangasamy, however, is predicting a "strong rebound" in exports in the second half of 2016, thanks to the strengthening United States economy and the still-weak Canadian dollar.

A quick look at July unemployment (previous month in brackets):

Unemployment rate: 6.9 per cent (6.8)

Employment rate: 60.9 per cent (61.0)

Labour force participation rate: 65.4 per cent (65.5)

Number unemployed: 1,344,800 (1,326,300)

Number working: 18,023,300 (18,054,500)

Youth (15-24 years) unemployment rate: 13.3 per cent (13.0)

Men (25 plus) unemployment rate: 6.3 per cent (6.3)

Women (25 plus) unemployment rate: 5.4 per cent (5.3)

Here are the jobless rates last month by province (previous month in brackets):

Newfoundland and Labrador 12.8 per cent (12.0)

Prince Edward Island 9.6 (11.0)

Nova Scotia 8.4 (8.2)

New Brunswick 9.7 (10.3)

Quebec 7.0 (7.0)

Ontario 6.4 (6.4)

Manitoba 6.2 (6.1)

Saskatchewan 6.3 (6.1)

Alberta 8.6 (7.9)

British Columbia 5.6 (5.9)

Statistics Canada also released seasonally adjusted, three-month moving average unemployment rates for major cities but cautions the figures may fluctuate widely because they are based on small statistical samples. (Previous month in brackets.)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0003920-66f024d6ee68e48d41c30632f1667ee9.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001513 00000000000 014762  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        What is CryptoSummary! all about?

The options were not that great ...

I invested some money into various cryptocurrencies at different times, and it becamefor me to keep track about myand

FAST : checking the current coin value But that didnt tell me anything about the actual value of my investment..

SLOW : logging into my Exchange and check it there But that took unnecessary long and was complicated..

Solution?

Well lets imagine you have a direct URL, saved as a bookmark that knows all your open positions and after opening it immidiatelly tells you about how you stand?



Thats where CryptoSummary! steps in - just create your custom, personallised URL and save it as a bookmark

Example

Under the following button there is a URL that shows and analyses three different positions. Check it out

Example URL - three open positions                                                                                                                                                                                     0003888-2eca4b9054109eb6d175826356d440c8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012706 00000000000 014703  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        David Cameron has rejected calls to soften the impact of planned cuts to tax credits in the face of a cross-party campaign that warns that 3 million of the poorest working families will be worse off by £1,350 a year.

In an interview on the Andrew Marr Show on BBC1, in which he said the Conservatives would champion the “common ground” as Labour “runs to the hills”, the prime minister defended the cuts on the grounds that the government has to protect the NHS and schools.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Frank Field. Photograph: Anthony Devlin/PA

Cameron indicated that the chancellor, George Osborne, would not revise his plans to cut tax credits when he delivers his autumn statement next month, despite warnings from former Tory minister David Willetts and the Labour welfare expert Frank Field. The Sun on Sunday launched a campaign to help low-paid workers under the headline “Tax credit cut ‘bonkers’”.

Asked whether the chancellor would have a rethink in the autumn statement, the prime minister said: “No. We think the changes we have put forward are right and they come with higher pay and lower taxes.”

Cameron made his remarks on the first day of the Conservative party conference in Manchester, in which he also:

• Teased Osborne, seen as the frontrunner to succeed him as Tory leader when he steps down by 2020, by saying that frontrunners often do not win.

• Hinted that cabinet ministers might be allowed to campaign on either side in the EU referendum, even as he indicated that he was determined to remain in the EU.

• Illustrated the Tories’ plans to occupy what he called the “common ground” of British politics, as Labour moves to the left under Jeremy Corbyn’s leadership, by announcing that GPs’ contracts were to be rewritten to ensure the NHS becomes a true seven-day service.

Moderate Tories who have welcomed the prime minister’s move to the centre ground have warned that the cuts to tax credits, outlined by the chancellor in his budget in July, could undermine Downing Street’s attempts to appear as the “workers’ party”. Lord Willetts – one of the most influential Tory thinkers of the past decade, who served as science and universities minister for most of the last parliament – warned in the Times last week that the changes could “turn sour”.

The chancellor outlined the cuts in his summer budget when he announced that he would slash the earnings level at which tax credits start to be withdrawn from £6,420 to £3,850 from next April. Osborne said that low earners would be compensated by the creation of a “national living wage” – a rebranding of the minimum wage – which would be set at £7.20 an hour from next April for over-25s. It is to rise to £9 an hour by 2020.

The Institute for Fiscal Studies said in its post-budget briefing that 13 million families will lose an average of £240 a year, while 3 million families will lose £1,000 a year. Paul Johnson, the IFS director, said it was “arithmetically impossible” for the increase in the minimum wage to compensate for the loss in tax credits.

UK tax and benefit changes worsening inequality, IFS warns Read more

The prime minister insisted that families would not be worse off. “If you take a family where someone is on the minimum wage, when you take into account all the things we are changing in tax, in the national living wage and tax credits – that family will be better of, not least because you’ve got the national living wage, and we are cutting tax so you can earn £11,000 before you start paying any tax at all.”

But Cameron said he would look at a proposal by Field, the Labour chairman of the Commons work and pensions select committee, who has proposed a revenue-neutral way of reducing the impact of the tax credit cuts on the lowest paid. Field says that the current income threshold for the withdrawal of tax credits should remain at £6,420. This would be paid for by withdrawing tax credits more sharply – a taper rate of 65% – on gross earnings over £13,100.

Cameron said of the Field proposal: “I always look at everything. But we have had the vote in parliament on tax credits. And people do respect this argument that the national living wage, a 50p increase next year, so a £20 a week pay rise, rising to £9 by the end of this parliament – that is a very significant change that really helps to make work pay rather than a tax credit system that recycles money back to people. Obviously, I accept we are making changes to tax credits. We are protecting the lowest-paid people with the child tax credit and what goes with it. But we are moving to an economy where you get paid more and where you pay less in tax, rather than paying more in tax and getting the money back in tax credits.”

Ruth Davidson, the Conservative leader in Scotland, told a fringe event that she would like to see more detail on how tax credit cuts will work in practice.

“I agree with the prime minister that we should be absolutely cleaving to the principle that work should pay in and of itself and we should be moving to a higher wage and lower welfare economy...

“But when it comes to the application of the policy, I think we do need to see a little bit more detail about how it will work in practice and I would expect that to be brought forward in the autumn statement.”

She also said she would like to see carer’s allowance brought into line with jobseeker’s allowance, and will campaign for this to happen in Scotland once the welfare budget is devolved.                                                          0003911-3922638e0ccaec649999fadc4f6bd4c0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004243 00000000000 015261  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        After the recent crackdown on Torrentz and KickassTorrents, it seems like it’s time for Pirate Bay to face the music from rights holders around the world. The site has become the freshest victim of copyright laws and may be blocked in Australia before Christmas! This has prompted torrenters in Australia to search for alternatives to Pirate Bay.

The Federal Court of Australia has passed a landmark decision that will prompt all internet providers operating within the country to block five “copyright-infringing” websites. The list includes Pirate Bay among other popular torrent-indexing websites.

The federal Court gave ISPs just 15 days to make sure that the sites are blocked. Other torrent-indexing websites that will be blocked as per the ruling of the Federal Court include Torrentz, TorrentHound, IsoHunt, SolarMovie.

However, it is the shutdown of Pirate Bay in Australia that has many torrenters worrying about how they’ll spend their holidays. However, where one door shuts down, many more open up!

One of the best ways to circumvent this ban is to use a fast, reliable and affordable virtual private network (VPN) connection. While in Australia, you can still access The Pirate Bay with Australia VPN.

A VPN not only masks the IP address of the internet user, but also makes you anonymous online, thus facilitating you to download torrents anonymously in Australia. To get the best torrenting experience, Sign up for Ivacy, the best VPN service for Australia now.

Looking for the Pirate Bay Alternatives? Here are the top 5 Pirate Bay alternatives that will make your holiday season an exciting one!

Top 5 The Pirate Bay Alternatives

Here are the top 5 Pirate Bay Alternatives that are still live and kicking!

1337x YTS Lime Torrents RARBG Zooqle

1. 1337x

1337x happens to be one of the notable torrent websites and was launched in the year 2007. It garnered traction when the major torrent websites started to come under fire. People wanted a fall back plan and there it was, 1337x! The dedicated set of users and uploaders keep the site fresh and up-to-date with content.

Be sure to hide your IP with Be sure to hide your IP with Ivacy VPN before downloding torrents.

2. YTS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0003905-6a3db7142681d7d0d38de2362ea9cc54.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004065 00000000000 015107  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Booster Gold is back at it again, bringing you a Time Capsule perfect for prime time! Available today, the new Team-Up Time Capsule can now be earned and unlocked in-game.

If you’re looking to learn more about how to get, open, and use a Time Capsule, check out our helpful guide!

TEAM-UP TIME CAPSULE

Each Team-Up Time Capsule contains some items from a general list, including Soder Cola Ultimates, R&D Exobytes, complex materials, collections, and more. They may also contain the new Magic Supply Crystal trinket, a new magic-inspired version of the Supply Drop trinket.

Every Time Capsule also includes one of four sub-capsules, or boxes, that can contain the following items or related collection pieces:

High-Density Tactical Gear

Inspired by everyone’s favorite archer Green Arrow, the High-Density Tactical Gear set can be collected in pieces from the Team-Up Time Capsule. When consumed, the pieces will be level-appropriate to your character. If you want to trade them, be sure to do so BEFORE you attune them!

Plus, you can upgrade to the Enhanced High-Density Tactical Gear for an even more impressive look. Collect enough of the standard gear and Fabricated Motes for this stylish set!

Tactical Mods

A new series of Tactical Mods are available in the Team-Up Time Capsule. These mods fit into the leg slot and restore a small portion of your Health when using specific abilities. You can also remove these mods using the Tactical Mod Removal Kit for 20 Marks of Victory.

Team-Up Emblems

Eight iconic new emblems are featured in this capsule, including the Flash emblem! Collect them all for special feats. Just like the High-Density Tactical gear, you can upgrade these emblems to emissive versions using Fabricated Motes and recipes. Which emblems will you and your team sport?

Team-Up Provisions

Finishing certain collections from the Team-Up Time Capsule will grant you access to these three incredible styles: the Black Flash Cowl, the Lazuli Misted Aura, and the Negative Speed Force Material.

AVAILABLE NOW – the Team-Up Time Capsule is now dropping in the game!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0003922-318a994a4b05e670974cad45722768f4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006342 00000000000 014627  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Patrick Semansky / AP The National Security Administration campus in Fort Meade, Md., on June 6, 2013.

One day after The Guardian revealed that the U.S. government has been secretly collecting call log data from millions of Verizon customers, The Washington Post reported Thursday that the government’s monitoring of American’s data goes much, much deeper. The FBI and the National Security Agency are mining the servers of the country’s biggest technology companies for the purpose of hunting spies and terrorists. The program, code-named PRISM, is massive in scope and involves web services that many Americans use every day.

To make all this shadowy surveillance easier to digest, here are the relevant data points about the massive data collection:

(MORE: 7 Things to Know About the Government’s Secret Database of Telephone Data)

9

The number of tech companies involved in the PRISM program. Here’s a list, from an NSA slideshow, including the date when monitoring began:

Microsoft (September 2007)

Yahoo (March 2008)

Google (January 2009)

Facebook (June 2009)

PalTalk (December 2009)

YouTube (September 2010)

Skype (February 2011)

AOL (March 2011)

Apple (October 2012)

So far Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Apple, and Yahoo have flatly denied that they provide the government backdoor access to their services, according to a variety of news sources. Twitter, which says it has been particularly vigilant in protecting user data from government agencies, is notably absent from the list. Dropbox is next in line to be added to PRISM, according to the Post.

10

The number of different types of data that are collected through PRISM. E-mails, instant messages, videos, photos, stored data (likely items stored on cloud services like Google Drive), voice chats, file transfers, video conferences, log-in times, and social network profile details have all been monitored by the government. Through PRISM NSA officials can even conduct live surveillance of someone doing a Google search, according to the Post.

(MORE: The NSA Snooping Scoop: Behind the Guardian‘s Risky Plans for Global Expansion)

$20 million

The annual cost of PRISM, according to NSA documents obtained by the Post

2007

The year PRISM was established. The Post describes an “exponential growth” in the program since President Obama took office. The government has snooped on other forms of communication in recent years as well. On Thursday, Senator Dianne Feinstein confirmed that the NSA phone log database has been in place for at least seven years.

1,477

The number of times PRISM data was cited in 2012 as part of President Obama’s daily briefing, a high-level intelligence presentation given to the president, the vice president and select cabinet members. According to the Post, at least 1 in 7 intelligence reports from the NSA make use of PRISM data.

51%

Confidence level intelligence officials are supposed to have of a target’s “foreignness” to make use of PRISM data. The massive database is aimed at surveilling spies and foreign terrorists, not Americans. However, large amounts of American user data is also picked up as officials hunt for threats. The NSA describes this as “incidental.”

MORE: Verizon, Telephony Metadata, the National Security Agency and You                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0003848-05954875b2712c3714f0153e239acf0e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000027747 00000000000 014626  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        by

María Paula Mejía, one of Colombia’s first Gardasil victims?

Her name is María Paula Mejía. She is a college student. Since receiving three doses of Gardasil her health has deteriorated considerably. She now suffers from constant pain throughout her body, muscle weakness, and bleeding from the nose and gums. She has so much pain in her left knee and ankle that she must walk with a cane, and cannot continue her college education. Paula is one of the first in Colombia to report a serious new medical conditions occurring after the use of Gardasil.

Lloyd Phillips, an American researcher of infectious diseases and genetics, has studied the adverse effects of Gardasil for five years. His work has revealed how Gardasil works differently in different people. He has documented related and biologically plausible mechanisms of action which could cause the many serious and life-threatening side effects which are being reported by girls and young women around the world after receiving the HPV vaccine.

In Colombia we have a potential crisis of major proportions resulting from the use of Gardasil because it is “free and compulsory” by “Law of the Republic”. It is assumed that this HPV vaccine is effective when used to combat cervical cancer, which can be caused by human papilloma virus. However, this vaccine has been hotly debated internationally for allegedly being dangerous and ineffective. It is currently being administered in Colombia without obtaining informed consent from young girls and their parents as to the potential and unknown risks of use.

The director of vaccination at MOH (Ministry of Health), Alejandro Garcia, says the government is “confident in the report of the World Health Organization,” which gives the go-ahead to the vaccine and assures that there is no association between the developments of illness and application of the vaccine.

Lina Trujillo of the Colombian Cancer Institute says that the vaccine protects exclusively against HPV and “does not remove the possibility of having other diseases, and adolescence is the time at which diseases such as lupus and rheumatoid arthritis start to appear,” and that “the only contraindication is ‘pregnancy’ and specialists have no hesitation in recommending the vaccine.”

However, neither the director of the Ministry of Health nor Lina Trujillo, from the Colombian Cancer Institute seem to be informed about how the vaccine is produced, and much less about the potential side effects of Gardasil.

The World Health Organization, whose reports are practically the Bible of the Gardasil vaccination policy in Colombia, has been suggested to be complicit with the pharmaceutical industry in general and the Gardasil manufacturer in particular in urging promotion of HPV vaccination campaigns. Relying on the pharmaceutical industry to self-regulate has historically been a losing proposition for the public when companies are left to weigh profits against transparency.

The María Paula Mejía case is illustrative in this regard. She had a third dose of the vaccine, even though she had experienced adverse symptoms after the first two injections. The third injection is when her serious symptoms began.

Interviewed via Skype, with visible signs of pain and discomfort from the effort of sitting upright in a chair, she told us the symptoms she experienced after the third dose of vaccine.

During the first 15 days after her third injection she experienced fever, vomiting, diarrhea, bone pain, joint pain, migraines, tingling, electrical “zaps” on her hip and back, and neck pain. One day she was unable to move for 2 hours, and continues to suffer from insomnia and dizziness. María Paula had every expectation that the symptoms would abate or at least become less intense, but instead they progressed in severity.

At her medical appointments, during which she was subjected to more than 40 laboratory tests, the medical diagnosis was unanimous: All tests were perfectly “normal”, she had nothing … while her symptoms worsened.

The symptoms she was already experiencing were followed by more severe ones, which included progressively spreading joint and bone pain, worsened neck pain, scalp pain, continuing severe hip, back, and knee pain. She began to suffer loss of strength in the left leg, wrist pain, dizziness, neuralgia throughout the body, painful spinal “zaps” as well as continuation of the “zaps” in her hips and limbs. She began to suffer difficulty breathing at certain times of day, chest pain, bleeding in the nose and gums, deviation of the left knee and left ankle, and new complications from older problems.

Through all these symptoms, medical observations and tests were useless in arriving at a diagnosis until a doctor thought to ask: “Has she been recently vaccinated?”

It was then that María Paula first made the association between the vaccine and her new medical condition. And she was not mistaken.

She is currently overwhelmed by pain, has difficulty walking and feels her health is deteriorating more and more. Her symptoms are consistent with those being reported after Gardasil around the world. Although not all are affected equally, of all girls who are vaccinated, a percentage of them will suffer severe effects from Gardasil, which can lead to paralysis and even death.

Neither Merck, the manufacturer, nor the Colombian government agrees that the vaccine is causing these severe symptoms. Both simply raise an accusatory finger at those who denounce this situation, as if the victims did not exist.

The reproductive health of girls and Colombian youth’s rights are being denied to those injected with Gardasil. This is not acceptable, particularly since government support for HPV vaccines has been withdrawn in other countries, such as Japan, for example, because of concerns about serious adverse reactions including infertility.

What’s more, says researcher Lloyd Phillips, if a girl who already has HPV is vaccinated, her risk of getting cancer could substantially increase.

Colombian doctors do NOT know, or refuse to accept, the risks of this vaccine. Treatment for victims is nonexistent.

This is what the U.S. researcher Lloyd Phillips explained to me about Gardasil:

The vaccine uses an aluminum adjuvant because in 1920 a man named Glinny discovered that aluminum stimulated the immune system. A Frenchman named Ramón then discovered that if the aluminum-containing vaccine was given to a horse that had an infection, the immune system produced an even greater amount of antibodies.

Phillips found that aluminum remaining in the system after Gardasil injections can cause an enhanced and extended immune response against infections and illnesses that occurred long ago.

This enhanced response can cause inflammation in the body, especially in the digestive system, and can cause the immune system to wrongfully identify food proteins as foreign. The body then begins to produce histamine to combat what it perceives as a food allergy, causing stomach pain and dilating blood vessels, which can cause dizziness and excessive heart pounding upon standing up.

The result, according to Phillips, is that the more inflamed a digestive tract becomes, the more its ability to absorb nutrients needed to maintain the chemical cycles in the body can become impaired, which can lead to fatal consequences.

Phillips also notes that the body cannot distinguish between inflammation and fear, either of which can trigger the “fight or flight response” which forces the person to excrete magnesium, causing a deficiency. This deficiency has many symptoms, such as muscle spasms, pain, irritability, cardiac arrhythmias, headaches, brittle bones, and more.

In short, says the researcher, this type of vaccine was made for people with “a genetically perfect immune system,” which does not exist in reality.

Gardasil can produce all of these symptoms to varying degrees according to the genetic make-up and medical condition of the person who receives the vaccine, which can vary from hour to hour. This is something neither Merck, nor the Colombian government is telling the public.

In the case of María Paula, as she will recount, when she received the first dose, she was never warned that any of the symptoms she is now suffering were possible. She says:

“They told me that I could have pain in my arm for a week and that I had to wait 15 minutes before leaving the Cancer League, because some girls fainted and the next week was going to be uncomfortable, but that it was normal because of the vaccine… I received the second dose and the second dose hurt a little more … the next few months I began to experience fatigue and back pain, but I thought it was because of my daily activities … I had pain in the lower back and neck … I received the third dose on 20 January of this year and the pain was much greater than in the previous two doses … I began to experience several things … immediately after being vaccinated I began to experience dizziness, I wanted to throw up, obviously my arm really hurt … they warned me about the dizziness, and the urge to vomit and the arm pain and that the next day my arm was also going to hurt, but the following week I had fever, vomiting, diarrhea, extremely strong migraines that lasted 15 days with vomiting, and diarrhea…, I went to the doctor and was told that that there was a virus going around… one night I sat on the couch in my house and then I lay down; I started feeling really bad, very feverish, until I realized that I could not get up from the couch “…

María Paula’s symptoms seem to get worse with each passing day. For the moment, the only hope she has of improving is going to the U.S. to receive treatment.

In Colombia there is no protocol to treat these cases. The government says they do not exist.

And what is the role of Merck, the manufacturer of the vaccine?

According to Lloyd Phillips, company profits are what motivates the existence of this vaccine and its advertising campaigns, due to lawsuits against Merck as a result of VIOXX, a drug that caused 27,000 heart attacks. A single dose of Gardasil may cost about 68 cents to produce (about $ 1360 pesos), and in Colombia obtaining it privately costs the equivalent of $60 (roughly $120 thousand pesos) and in the USA up to $ 200 (about 400 thousand pesos).

The Colombian government has spent $300 million on a questionable vaccine that is already starting to claim apparent victims in Colombia. Following Lloyd Phillips’ statistics, of the $300 million paid by Colombia, $ 298.98 million (nearly $299 million) was profit for Merck.

Colombia is purchasing the HPV vaccine at a hugely inflated price. This vaccine can not only ruin lives, but can cost thousands of dollars to bring a single victim back to health. Families may have to spend thousands of dollars trying to restore their daughters’ health, without having prevented any cancer as promised, and instead causing a number of illnesses that did not exist before using this ‘miracle’ vaccine.

We are then faced with a health emergency induced by a vaccine that has never been proven to prevent any cancer and that is ravaging the children and youth around the world, against which there have been million-dollar awards for HPV vaccine injury in the U.S. (The U.S. government has already paid more than six million dollars to victims) and the vaccine has been rejected in several countries, for example in India and Japan.

But in Colombia, Gardasil will continue to claim more casualties unless an immediate halt to its “free and compulsory” status is granted.

The Colombian government is exposing itself to millions of dollars in lawsuits for its actions in making this vaccine mandatory to Colombian girls and women without informing them of the grave risks already known worldwide.

Does the government of Colombia intend to ignore medical consumers’ right to informed consent, despite knowing the consequences?

MARIO LAMO JIMÉNEZ is a founding member of the Colombian Alliance of Writers and Journalists and coeditor of its publication “La Hojarasca“. He can be reached at admin@escritoresyperiodistas.com.                         0003827-d75e2f4941309e6a053bfacc62cdd2df.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000036217 00000000000 015334  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        “It is tails", said Ranjan Madugalle, the match referee, on 23 March 2003, to resounding cheers from the Johannesburg crowd. Sourav Ganguly now had the chance to decide what the Indian team should be doing after winning the toss against the Australians in the World cup final.

The same Indian team had folded for 125 against the Aussies in the group stage match, and there was some effigy burning; the same Aussies, who had crushed every opponent so far, had not been beaten in a World Cup fixture since their loss to Pakistan in a group stage match in 1999.

There was some context to India’s batting collapse in the earlier match: on the preceding tour to New Zealand, the much-vaunted Indian batting lineup couldn’t muster more than 219 runs in over 11 international innings on severely underprepared pitches. Understandably, they were sorely in need of confidence when they landed on South African shores. On the upside, the Indian fast bowlers had a spring in their step after bowling on green tops.

After the debilitating loss against Australia, the Indian team turned a corner, won eight matches on the trot, and reached the final. Did they have a chance against the invincible Aussies?

“Sourav you’ve won the toss. What will you be doing?" boomed Michael Holding in his Jamaican accent.

Fans could barely hear “We’ll have a bowl" in the midst of the din, already having assumed that the result of winning the toss was a foregone conclusion. Wait, what did he just say?

“Why is that?" asked Holding, thrusting the microphone towards Ganguly.

“Because it’s, it’s a bit damp… Uhhh, it’s because of the rain in the morning. We’ll have a go at this first."

This was like turkeys voting for Christmas, so to speak. Was the earlier result playing on his mind?

“So, you’re hoping that your fast bowlers will get a bit of purchase on this surface and you’ll get a couple of early wickets?"

“I definitely think so if they can put the ball in the right place the way they’ve bowled…we’ll definitely get some purchase".

Why did he have to think? All he had to say was “Bat". One syllable. Was it so difficult to say?

“Ricky, would you have done anything different?" asked Holding of the Australian captain, who was barely able to conceal his delight.

“No, would’ve had a bat, actually. It’s always nice to bat in big games in finals; I think so we would’ve had a bat."

See! He was thinking straight. Why couldn’t Ganguly think more like him?

Sure, Ganguly might have had some grounds for bowling first; but, what did the numbers suggest, in the manner of successful chasing teams?

If scores of scarred Indian fans haven’t minimized this window by now, they would recall that India failed to chase 360 in the final. Back in 2003, 360 was an unassailable target. In an article on ESPNcricinfo in January, the metamorphosis of the ODI game has been captured in a snapshot: a first innings score of 300-324 guaranteed victory before 2001 (and this included 60-over games) 9 times out of 10; since 2013, the corresponding figure has slipped to less than 3 times out of 4. The par score has increased from ~225 to ~270 as well.

These results aren’t surprising, considering the evolution of the ODI game. Like the previous article about teams chasing, if we were to demarcate ODIs into nine eras, the increase in strike rate (runs/100 balls) for batsmen (1-7) follow a similar upward trend, with the latest era batsmen scoring at 20 percentage-point higher rates (compared to ~65 in era 1).

However, there are various nuances across the batting order. In general, the effectiveness of an ODI batsman is determined by factors such as how fast one can score his runs (strike rate), his ability to not get dismissed (not out %), and his propensity to score a big number of runs. Like the last time, here too, we will be examining the trends of these factors before moving on to take a look at the top batsmen who were proficient in the first ODI innings.

Ever since Martin Crowe’s team revolutionized ODI batting with Greatbatch’s fireworks at the top of the order in 1992, the role of the ODI opener has never been the same since. The strike rate of the opening batsmen (1-2) has steadily risen over the years, with the greatest bump happening in the era post-1992. The strike rates of no. 4 and no. 6 batsmen have taken a drastic upward turn in the latest era, probably due to the effect of fielding restrictions in the middle overs.

The Not Out percentage shows some unusual patterns; the probability of an opener staying not out is still minuscule, but batting later has its benefits. Of particular interest is the no. 4 (no. 5 as well) during the 2002-2004 era. Probably, teams were trying to emulate the Michael Bevan template of batting through to the end (observe the strike rate in the same era being lower than the opener or no. 6). Understandably, the Not Out percentage is much less when compared to the chasing values (~20%) for middle order batsmen (4-6), since teams batting first have a different mandate (maximizing their resources) compared to while chasing (staying in touch with the required run rate, while conserving wickets).

The propensity of making big scores is a bit different as well. Batsmen batting in the top 4 have had the best chance to register a 50+ score (~1 in 4 innings). Due to increased strike rates, the batsmen at number 6 have had greater opportunities to chip in with big scores recently.

The occurrence of 100+ scores across the batting order shows some unusual trends; the percentage of innings resulting in a 100 increased till 02-04, decreased subsequently, and then rose sharply in the last 2-3 eras. In fact, the 13-16 era was the most productive in terms of individual 100 scores. No doubt, the tinkering of the fielding restrictions in the middle overs has helped some of the middle-order batsmen to amass big scores.

The overall evolution of the ODI game can be deduced by observing the Batting Index benchmark (BI). For the uninitiated reader, it is a product of the batting average (runs/dismissal) and the strike rate (runs/100 balls), divided by 100. For a batsman, the ability to score more runs before getting dismissed, and in a lesser number of balls is highly prized. Since it is a multiplication product, a high BI value implies that the constituent factors are high as well.

The progression of ODI batting can be observed by cursorily glancing through the BI values across the batting order in different eras. Batting was easier at numbers 3 and 4 in the first two eras, before the openers caught up in the post-Greatbatch eras. The numbers have been fairly stable among the top 6 overall, and have tailed off at number 7. The effect of four fielders in the middle overs is there to be seen in the latest era; numbers 3 and 4 have the highest BI values in the table.

A simple way to understand the differences in batting indices while setting a target and chasing a target would be to compare the two. The above table shows the percentage variation of BI (chasing) with BI (setting) as a reference. The positive and negative differences are shown in green and red, respectively. For instance, BI (chasing) was ~15% higher than the corresponding BI (setting value) for openers in the 71-84 era. Of late, BI (chasing) has taken a beating across the batting order.

From the statistics seen so far, we can conclude that batting first and batting second are two different ball games; the lower order batsmen (6-7) suffer comparatively while chasing. The opening batsmen have had a greater influence in the chase compared to batting first. Hence, for a chase, the top 5 batsmen influence it more often than not; and, while batting first, the top 6 influence most games.

In this article, the overall BI (batting positions 1 to 7) has been taken as the baseline. This may cause an under-representation of lower-order batsmen since their BI is not at the same level. However, a universal baseline is much easier to apply across the board and hence will be used in this analysis as well. Similar minimum runs based cutoffs have been chosen (minimum 500 before era 3, and 750 runs for all eras post 1988) with respect to batsmen batting between positions 1-7 while setting a target in different eras.

Once the bar has been set, the identity top-20 batsmen by BI ratios (w.r.t. the 1-7 BI setting baselines) can be easily found out independent of the match context. Since the BI is a temporally dynamic index, comparing different batsmen across eras is also taken care of to some extent.

In the first two eras, Vivian Richards was the master blaster in the first innings. It is also worth recalling that he was top chasing batsman in these two eras as well. Other West Indian greats such as Haynes, Greenidge, and Lloyd are also in the top-20. All-rounders such as Imran Khan and Kapil Dev feature in this list, despite their low batting positions. In the second era, the Aussies dominate the table with Steve Waugh, Jones, Boon and Marsh. Other players who did well batting first were Zaheer Abbas, Gower, Lamb, and Inzamam. It can be seen that the top-10 has been dominated by middle-order batsmen.

Over the next three eras, opening batsmen started to feature a lot more in the higher positions: Lara, Tendulkar, Ganguly, Kirsten, Gilchrist, Jayasuriya, Mark Waugh—all registered good BI ratio values. Other ODI regulars such as Bevan, Ponting, Ranatunga, Aravinda de Silva, Jacques Kallis, Mohd. Yousuf are present as well. Pakistan’s Abdul Razzaq makes an appearance in the top 3 of era 6, despite him batting lower down the order.

In the last three eras, the middle order batsmen have made a comeback: Dhoni, Hussey, de Villiers, Duminy, Pietersen, Sangakkara, Taylor and Yuvraj Singh. The presence of Ireland’s Paul Stirling amongst the familiar names is a big achievement.

Overall, the lists have been dominated by batsmen who have batted in the top 5 positions. The presence of Kapil Dev, Boucher, Razzaq, Imran Khan, Oram, Flintoff and Symmonds in the top-20 show that it is easier for a lower-order batsman to make an impact while setting a target as compared to in a chase. Nevertheless, a small tweak to the index must be formulated to take care of the representation of the lower-order batmen.

From the above tables, Viv Richards’ BI ratio of ~3.17 towers over everyone else. Many batsmen, such as Tendulkar, Sehwag, Amla, de Villiers, and Abbas, have crossed the 2.5 mark. It must also be noted that the spread of BI ratio is not the same across eras; for instance, the top batsman in era 1 has a BI ratio of ~3.17, but the corresponding top batsman in era 6 is only at ~1.99.

In order to take care of this, a BI ratio cutoff of 1.40 can be applied across the board. The choice of the 1.40 BI ratio benchmark is specific, as it narrows the list of elite batsmen to at least 8 players. This ratio of 1.40 represents a 40% better performance, vis-à-vis an average batsman (1-7), while setting a target.

How did these wonderful batsmen fare across different eras?

Only a few players have been able to consistently outperform the rest of the field across different eras; this can be highlighted by the number of times these players have featured multiple times in the BI ratio lists. Needless to say, some of the greatest ODI batsmen feature in this list of players who have crossed BI ratios of 1.75 and 1.40 in different eras.

In the above table, the player’s name, and his nth appearance (in parenthesis) have been indicated at different eras. For example, Miandad made his 2nd appearance at a chasing BI ratio>1.40 in the second era (84-89). It must also be noted that a player’s nth appearance in the 1.75 column is not reported in the 1.40 column, even though it is obvious, but for one exception—Sachin Tendulkar. Tendulkar breached the 1.40 barrier in era 4, and remained above the 1.75 level (and 1.40) in the next 4 eras. No other player has been able to sustain that level of performance for 4 eras, let alone 5. However, it must be remembered that the first era is 15 years long.

In the 1.40 list, many players such as Jayasuriya, Kallis, Lamb, Boon, etc. have made their nth appearance across in non-contiguous eras. And, only five players have breached the 1.40 level in more than 3 eras—Tendulkar, Dhoni, Ponting, Jayasuriya and Kallis. AB de Villiers and Amla are active players, and can make it into this elite list if they maintain their present form.

What about the teams then?

Across eras, only 8-18 batsmen have crossed the 1.40 BI ratio level, which indicates the exclusivity of the benchmark. In five eras, one team led the charts in terms of the stockpile of elite players; barring South Africa in the latest era, the top team with the highest number of high quality 1st innings batting personnel has won international tournaments. Of particular interest is Australia’s stranglehold of champion first innings batsmen from 1994 to 2008.

So, could Ganguly have done things any differently in the 2003 World Cup final?

Australia, with its fantastic target-setting batsmen, were the pre-eminent ODI team for five eras. India too, had equivalent resources while batting first between 1998-2001, but couldn’t keep up with the Aussie might in the next era. Wisden wasn’t wrong in its assessment that this team (without Shane Warne, mind you) would have beaten a Rest of World XI. And then there was the small matter of them being a champion chasing team as well.

ALSO READ: How India chased off the run-chase blues

Zaheer Khan might have been overexcited, and conceded 15 runs in the opening over; the two wickets that Ganguly was hoping for due to the purchase off the wicket never came until the 20th over, when the Aussies were comfortable at 125/2; two formidable batsmen, in the form of Ponting and Martyn, familiar with the art of setting a target, stitched together a massive partnership.

That man Ponting would more than compensate for his sedate first 50 off 74 balls—by scoring his second 50 off his next 29 and finishing with 140 off 121, taking Australia to 359. The Indian bowling lineup which had bowled like a dream for most of the tournament were demolished into submission; Srinath, the elder statesman, conceded 87 runs in what was his last ODI game.

What if India had collapsed batting first, like in the group stage game?

While individual predictions about a specific match can’t be made (and this is what makes the sport fun), take a moment to consider this: against the Aussies in their pomp (1 January 1998 to 31 December 2008), India had the best winning record against them while batting first; they only won five out of 27 matches batting second (fifth). After Tendulkar’s twin assaults in Desert Storm™ and Desert Storm Reloaded™, India hadn’t won a single match chasing against Australia until late 2007. No wonder the CB series victory against Australia in 2008 was a watershed moment.

On this basis, India had a better chance to win the match if they had batted first. Sigh. If only…

PaajivsPunter is an anonymous collaborative blog. They seek to write original, well-researched and thought-provoking articles. So far, they’ve written opinion pieces, commentary, perspectives, satire, analytical features and long-form narratives on cricket.

ALSO READ: Is R. Ashwin the all-rounder India has been dreaming of?

Comments are welcome at feedback@livemint.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0003796-db76dc445b539ff6b6f2a97684684105.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002007 00000000000 015001  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Playboy magazine today crowned the University of Colorado the nation’s No. 1 party school, citing the Boulder campus’ annual 4/20 smokeout, as well as the city’s numerous medical-marijuana dispensaries and its status as “a beer drinker’s paradise.”

According to Playboy’s website , CU received the party school crown because:

“CU-Boulder is home to reefer madness. Not only does Boulder have 50 medical-marijuana dispensaries within its city limits, but every April nearly half the university’s 24,000-plus undergrads turn out for the annual 4/20 smoke-out on school grounds. Boulder is also a beer drinker’s paradise, with four breweries in town. ‘There are a lot of distractions from school-snowboarding, mountain biking, super hot girls,’ says one alum. Literally dozens of world-class ski resorts are a drive away. You know Boulder is a party school because whenever you tell someone that you went there, the first thing they ask is, ‘Did you graduate?'”

Get more Boulder news at DailyCamera.com.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0003824-962d5c0ac6dfd6952bba05481519af37.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004214 00000000000 015106  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer on Wednesday laid out a list of Democratic demands following the ouster of James Comey a day earlier as FBI director.

On the Senate floor, the New York Democrat laid out three conditions that he said his caucus agreed on during a closed-door meeting earlier in the day.

First, Schumer said that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein should not be the one to appoint a special prosecutor. He said that responsibility should go to the highest-ranking civil servant at the Department of Justice. Second, Schumer said that Democrats agree that Comey is "needed more than ever to testify before the Senate." And third, Schumer again called on Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Rosenstein to brief all senators separately on the situation and in a classified setting if necessary.

"They should do it soon because the questions are just swirling about every day and almost every hour," Schumer said.

Schumer said that Senate Democrats plan to pursue several things in the coming weeks, but didn't elaborate. Senate Democrats already began on Wednesday to slow things down by postponing hearings. He added that the "overwhelming view" of his caucus is that a special prosecutor be appointed, claiming that serious doubts have been cast on Rosenstein's impartiality.

Schumer noted reports that Comey met with Rosenstein last week to request more resources for the FBI's investigation into Russia.

"That would make the timing of this firing even more suspect," Schumer said.

He said the only thing Democrats are seeking "are assurances that this investigation is carried out in an impartial, independent way."

"...That we get to the facts, that we get to the bottom of it," he said.

He praised the leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee for inviting Comey to appear before their panel next Tuesday. As of Wednesday afternoon, they hadn't heard back from him.

While Democrats are adamant about the need for a special prosecutor to be appointed, Republicans would like to wait and see and want to learn more before calling taking such action. White House deputy spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Wednesday, "We don't think it's necessary."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0003842-8988798b14ca062d044912805bff00d4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000031663 00000000000 014623  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Melissa Jeltsen/The Huffington Post Lorena Bobbitt cut off her husband's penis in 1993. Now she runs a charity that helps domestic violence victims like herself.

HAYMARKET, VIRGINIA ― On a recent trip to Target, Lorena Bobbitt struggled to use the computer at the digital photo center. She was trying, unsuccessfully, to put her 11-year-old daughter’s picture on a Christmas card. A young male employee came over to help. When they were done and she was typing in her first name for payment, he audibly gasped.

“I thought the machine must be broken,” she recalled. “But he said, ‘I know who you are!’”

These days, getting recognized by strangers happens far less often. Her long hair is now a shimmery pale blonde (as a licensed cosmetologist, she sometimes highlights it herself), and 23 years have passed since her face was plastered on the front of major newspapers and magazines across the country.

Still, each new acquaintance she makes eventually puts two and two together, even when she uses her maiden name, Gallo. It is an inescapable part of her life, a fact she has accepted with remarkable poise. She grew used to the guffaws and the stares a long time ago.

“All the jokes, it hurt at first,” she said. “Now, I don’t care. I laugh, too.”

According to her telling of the story, in the early hours of June 23, 1993, her husband, former Marine John Wayne Bobbitt, came home drunk and raped her. He was frequently violent with her, she said, and forced her into sex whenever he liked. (John Wayne denies raping her, and he was acquitted of marital sexual assault in a separate trial in November 1993.)

Something in her broke that morning, Lorena said. She grabbed a knife from the kitchen and sliced off her husband’s penis as he slept. Then she fled the apartment, tossing his penis out the car window as she drove away. (It was later recovered by police and reattached in an operation lasting nine and a half hours.)

Almost overnight, the case became an international sensation. It was the original clickbait: An amputated penis. A young and pretty Latina woman. An all-American husband. Accusations of rape and assault. Love, sex and violence. The names, too, were gold. “John Wayne,” the archetypal alpha male, and the all-too-evocative “Bobbitt.”

In 1993, the country was still one year away from the O.J. Simpson case and the passage of the Violence Against Women Act. There had not yet been a national conversation about domestic violence, even though the leaders of the women’s rights movement were trying hard to launch one.

In an alternate version of history, the sad and horrible story of Lorena and John Wayne Bobbitt would have served as the perfect opportunity to start the dialogue. That year, an estimated 2,160 women were killed by their intimate partners, according to data collected by James Alan Fox, a criminology professor at Northeastern University.

There was a desperate need to improve services for victims, to raise funds and, crucially, to change the culture that enabled abusers to beat their families in private with impunity.

Instead, the story descended into a joke, with Lorena Bobbitt as the punchline.

“They wanted to talk about his penis, not my story,” she said with a shrug. “Maybe it looked like a reality show from the outside, but we were not in a cast. It was real life.”

JENNIFER YOUNG/AFP/Getty Images John Wayne Bobbitt arrives at the courthouse in Manassas, Virginia, for the fifth day of his wife's trial.

On a recent December morning, Lorena Bobbitt, now 47, was organizing Christmas presents inside her home in a gated community in suburban Virginia, as her dog Ringo, a 12-year-old bichon with thinning white hair, scampered under foot. She lives with her longtime partner, Dave Bellinger, and their only child.

As she does each year, Bobbitt had collected gifts for children in domestic violence shelters around the state. Board games, dolls and stuffed animals in various stages of gift-wrapping were scattered across a long table in her living room. Some were marked with the ages and genders of prospective recipients.

For kids living in a shelter, Bobbitt explained, the holidays can be especially hard. They may not have a Christmas tree or get to share a special meal with their extended family. But at least they would have a present to open.

She didn’t know about shelters back when she was married to John Wayne. It wasn’t until she went to trial that she learned there was any help available for people like her.

These days, Bobbitt lives a 20-minute drive from the two-story brick courthouse in downtown Manassas, Virginia, where she stood trial all those years ago. She never left the county, let alone the country. Why would she?

“I would have been recognized anywhere, and I liked it here,” she said.

Bobbitt, who was born in Ecuador and raised in Caracas, Venezuela, said she fell in love with Virginia when she first visited as a teenager. After graduating from high school, she moved to the U.S. and took classes at a community college. She thought perhaps she would become a dentist, like her father.

To support herself while in school, she took a job as a nanny. Later, she trained to be a manicurist and worked in a salon. As she describes it, her aspirations were simple: She wanted to marry and start a family.

She met John Wayne at a bar on the Quantico Marine Corps base. Her English wasn’t great, so they danced more than they talked. He became her first boyfriend, she said, and she enjoyed the courtship. They would see movies, go out to dinner and eat ice cream at Friendly’s, always with a chaperone.

She was a bit naive, she admits now.

“I was 19, but I was a young 19,” she said.

When she was 20, they married and moved in together. She was a virgin, she said.

Not long after, she said, the violence started. First, it was just verbal abuse, ugly name-calling and yelling. Then, she said, her husband began to hit, push and strangle her. It’s worth noting that strangulation, a common and frightening tactic used by abusers, is considered a serious risk factor for future lethal violence and is now treated as a felony offense in many states.

Prince William County police told ABC’s “20/20” that they responded to complaints of domestic violence at the Bobbitt residence half a dozen times, arresting John Wayne on one occasion for hitting Lorena in the face.

After four years of marriage, the couple were planning to divorce. Their story ― an average tale of abuse, awfully familiar to many ― would have remained within their personal circles. Except that on the night of June 23, 1993, she cut off John Wayne’s penis.

Honestly, the way I see it, it happened to all of us … all women who were abused. Lorena Bobbitt

Bobbitt was charged with malicious wounding, which carried a possible 20-year sentence. During the eight-day trial in January 1994, her defense attorneys argued that she was driven into a temporary fit of insanity after suffering years of rape and physical violence by her husband.

A parade of witnesses supported her story of domestic abuse, saying they had observed her with bruises on her wrists, arms, shoulders and head. Others recalled seeing him hit and shove her for minor transgressions, such as how she cooked. An educational pamphlet on rape, given to her by her neighbor shortly before the incident, was discovered on the couple’s dresser by police.

She doesn’t like to dwell on the details of the battering now, but Bobbitt said she is surprised that she made it out.

“I don’t know how I survived,” she said.

In photos and video from that time, she is a whisper of a person, painfully thin, with dark hair framing her lean face.

The scene outside the courthouse, with one radio station giving away Slice soda and cocktail wienies, was macabre. Baltimore Sun reporter Wiley Hall described it as a “grotesque carnival” and expressed shock at the crowd’s overt hostility toward Bobbitt and women in general.

The public was transfixed by the case. As the cover of People magazine declared, it was “the cut felt around the world.”

A Newsweek poll found that 60 percent of the country followed her trial. CNN provided live coverage to spellbound viewers, while NBC and ABC televised live reports every night. Gay Talese was there too, on assignment for The New Yorker and would later chronicle the experience in his book A Writer’s Life.

Much of the media portrayed Bobbitt as a crazed, vengeful woman who had perpetrated every man’s worst nightmare. Details of the incident became fodder for late-night comedians. The public made up their own jokes and songs about the sordid circumstances.

It didn’t matter there was overwhelming evidence that John Wayne was abusive, with even the prosecution’s own experts concluding that he had beaten and raped her. (In the years since, John Wayne has been arrested five times and convicted twice for domestic violence offenses involving two different women.)

Kim Gandy, then-executive vice president of the National Organization for Women, recalled the media circus eclipsing any meaningful examination of violence against women.

“Domestic violence organizations tried to have the conversation, women’s organizations tried to have the conversation, but the media wasn’t having any of it,” Gandy said. “I just remember feeling that there wasn’t any traction on the domestic violence part of it.”

The nature of the act Bobbitt committed ― cutting off a penis ― took over the discourse completely, said Jackson Katz, an activist who was working to engage men in preventing gender-based violence at the time.

“The fact that she was a victim of marital rape or domestic violence was a secondary aspect to the story,” he said. “It immediately became a story about his victimization at her hands.”

The jury deliberated for just over six hours before acquitting Bobbitt by reason of temporary insanity. In a statement read aloud by the owner of the nail salon where she had worked, Bobbitt encouraged other abused women to seek help.

“She did once and will again seek her American dream when she is able, and if the publicity of her abuse can help one person find freedom, then all of this is not in vain,” the statement said.

Before she could go home, she was required to spend 45 days in a psychiatric hospital for evaluation. It wasn’t a nice place, she said, but it felt good to ditch the media who were tailing her every move.

Finally, it was quiet.

Jeffrey Markowitz/Sygma via Getty Images Lorena Bobbitt was acquitted by reason of temporary insanity in January 1994.

If there’s one mantra that Bobbitt adheres to, it is “stay positive.”

She is relentlessly optimistic and has an aversion to lingering long in the past.

“In the beginning, I’d say, ‘Why me?’” she said. “But honestly, the way I see it, it happened to all of us … all women who were abused. I just happened to be the Lorena, but I’m not in the fight by myself. I’m in it for all women who have been victimized or will be victimized.”

In the years since her acquittal, she has worked quietly to help other victims of domestic violence.

Around nine years ago, she launched Lorena’s Red Wagon, a charity to help domestic violence victims and their children. When I met with her, she was busy planning a toy drive at a local restaurant. Patrons could drop off gifts for kids throughout the month of December. For one evening, a percentage of all restaurant sales would also be donated to domestic violence victims.

“I realized I may as well make a good thing out of a bad thing,” she said.

Bobbitt has trained to be a domestic violence advocate, occasionally helping to facilitate a 15-week educational and support group with abused women in her county.

Once in a while, she appears on television to talk about her notorious case. She has made a shrewd calculation: The host may tell jokes at her expense, but she’ll get the chance to raise awareness about domestic violence. It’s a sacrifice she is willing to make.

“Trust me, this skin is very strong,” she said and then added, “That doesn’t mean I’m a woman of steel or anything.”

Three times a week, Bobbitt takes a Zumba class. It’s a Latin-inspired cardio-dance workout, incorporating moves from hip hop, salsa, merengue, samba and mambo, and it’s her favorite form of exercise.

At the studio near her home recently, she greeted her Zumba classmates, mostly older women, with a characteristically warm smile, and they smiled back. They were all clearly regulars.

For an hour, she bopped, shimmied, bounced and jived in royal blue leggings. She rolled her hips, tapped her feet. Her hair, pulled high into a ponytail, flew around her face as she spun with abandon. She was happy.

“I am fine. I am very well aware of who I am. I accept myself,” Bobbitt said. “I believe I have a purpose in life. I won’t be stuck in the past.”

______

Melissa Jeltsen covers domestic violence and other issues related to women’s health, safety and security. Tips? Feedback? Send an email or follow her on Twitter.

______                                                                             0003915-7ff192fd1a064a3d4a62b3f7887bd9ff.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003377 00000000000 015274  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Publications that specialize in Medical Marijuana

Advertising are now common place in many states.









Federal law makes it illegal for any person to place an advertisement for a controlled substance. Up until now, courts have generally interpreted that to mean that the person paying for the ad would be responsible, but now officials are saying that media outlets themselves could be held accountable because they are the ones physically placing the ad for publication.





My personal message to Mrs. Duffy: I'm well aware of the message that these ads send to our children. They send the message that marijuana is a natural medicine that can help with a whole slew of debilitating illnesses. They send the message that marijuana can ease the suffering of people who really need it. I think the message being sent to our children is exactly the one that needs to be sent. People like you go around spreading disinformation and demonizing what is essentially a medicinal herb. Why not start a campaign against advertising St. John's Wart instead? It makes just about as much sense as attacking marijuana.

In another sign of the Obama Administration's escalating war on medical marijuana , Federal prosecutors in California announced Wednesday that they are set to begin actively targeting newspapers, radio stations and other media outlets that advertise medical marijuana.U.S. Attorney Laura E. Duffy, a prosecutor in San Diego, is leading the effort.“I’m not just seeing print advertising,” Duffy said in a recent interview with California Watch and KQED. “I’m actually hearing radio and seeing TV advertising. It’s gone mainstream. Not only is it inappropriate – one has to wonder what kind of message we’re sending to our children – it’s against the law.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0003898-69a9f13aa11c331a531f152f893994cd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002024 00000000000 014754  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Conservative Reporter Posobiec Assaulted by Violent Left-Wing Antifa Member at DC Protest (VIDEO)

Washington D.C. – Rebel Media reporter, Jack Posobiec was assaulted by a member of Antifa as he was reporting on the ‘May Day’ protests. Antifa is out in full force today and admittedly preparing for violence.

As usual, left-wing Antifa members are the violent ones who don’t believe in freedom of speech or freedom of the press. Jack Posobiec was assaulted by this man simply because he is a reporter with different views.

VIDEO:

Assaulted by Antifa again and I defended myself #MayDay2017 pic.twitter.com/3DDqK1nAYn — Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) May 1, 2017

Jack Posobiec also did a periscope explaining what happened. He used reasonable force for self defense. Posobiec is also filing a police report. VIDEO:

Jack Posobiec Attacked by Antifa – Uses Reasonable Force for Self Defense https://t.co/1HQ606sJBt — Jack Posobiec 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) May 1, 2017

Antifa anticipating violence (they always start it)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0003855-a5619c6938d379d852a432f341e98c09.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002422 00000000000 014636  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        An Army veteran is being credited with saving a bald eagle by shooting it out of a tree.

Jason Galvin was driving near his home in Minnesota when he saw the bird hanging upside down by a rope about 75 feet up.

SEE ALSO: 75-year-old Army veteran saves 16 children from library attack

After telling his wife Jackie, the couple decided something needed to be done so they started calling local officials.

According to Jackie, all of them gave the same answer, the bird had been stuck there for 2 and a half days and it was dead.

The Galvins believed the eagle was alive so Jackie encouraged her husband to shoot the rope the bird was tangled in.

Jason had to be careful since killing a bald eagle is a crime. He borrowed a neighbor's rifle and after an hour and a half and 150 bullets, the bird was loose. Galvin, who served 2 tours in Afghanistan, didn't hit the eagle once.

The couple named the bird Freedom, wrapped it in a blanket and it was taken to the Raptor Center where it's expected to make a full recovery.

Mission accomplished!

RELATED: Army veteran lifts a heavy stone:

More from :

Netflix co-founder wants you to buy a movie theater subscription

Kid at College World Series has epic staring contest with camera

Electric shock vaccinations may be a solution to the Zika virus                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0003944-4c131ad6a04f6415d503abcc44488c52.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003141 00000000000 015002  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A short public service announcement: you might think you don't need Cabal. Oh, you might be just whipping up a tiny throw-away script, or a small application that you never intend on distributing. Cabal? Isn't that what you do if you're planning on sticking your package on Hackage? But the Cabal always knows. The Cabal is always there. And you should embrace the Cabal, even if you think you're too small to care. Here's why:

Writing a cabal file forces you to document what modules and what versions your script worked with when you were originally writing it. If you ever decide you want to run or build your script on another environment, the cabal file will make it dramatically easier to get your dependencies and get running faster. If you ever update your modules, the cabal file will partially insulate you against API changes (assuming that the package follows Hackage's PVP). This is far more palatable than GHC's package-qualified imports. You might have cringed about writing up a Makefile or ant file to build your projects in another language; as long as it is just one or two files, the pain associated with these build languages seems to outweight the cost of just running gcc foo.c -o foo . Cabal files are drop-dead easy to write. There even is a cabal init to do the scaffolding for you. Toss out the dinky shell script that you've kept to run ghc --make and use cabal configure && cabal build . It gives you nice things, for free! Do you want Haddock documentation? A traditional GNU-style Makefile? Colourised code? Cabal can do all of these things for you, with minimal effort after you have your cabal file.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0003895-c8e3719f2bd1f46803706b1a8e43676d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013664 00000000000 014777  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The current wave of foreign fighters emerging from the conflict in Iraq and Syria will be larger and potentially more dangerous than the mujahideen guerrillas that were a byproduct of the Soviet-Afghan conflict in the 1980s, FBI Director James Comey warned last September.

That is an especially foreboding observation, since the foreign fighters borne from the Afghan conflict went on to form the core of Al Qaeda and fight in the internecine conflicts in Bosnia, Algeria and Chechnya during the 1990s.

When one conflict ends, these fighters often use their connections to move on and join another fight. This phenomenon is likely to worsen in the future.

The number of foreign fighters participating in the conflict in Iraq and Syria is significant compared to those who participated in Afghanistan in the 1980s. Even more concerning, jihadists have improved and facilitated their networking capacity—improved communication, eased transportation, and diversified access to sources of information and money can make even small cadres of experienced fighters a dangerous force. The foreign-fighter phenomenon is not new. Over the past two hundred years, they have appeared in more than a quarter of all civil wars. But now these fighters engage in foreign civil wars and insurgencies—and then export their expertise back to their home countries or to places they have newly immigrated.

While jihadism expert Thomas Hegghammer has estimated the number of foreign fighters in Afghanistan during the anti-Soviet conflict at between five thousand and twenty thousand, other scholars such as Edwin Bakker and Mark Singleton have pegged the crop of foreign fighters currently in Iraq and Syria at around thirty thousand. Other trusted sources have settled on a similar figure. The foreign fighters in Syria are not strictly Sunnis: significant numbers of Afghan and Pakistani Shia are also fighting alongside Hezbollah and other pro-Assad elements. Encrypted communications and the ubiquity of social media mean that even after the caliphate disappears, the ideology of Salafi jihadism will persist, existing online as a virtual caliphate, and offering aspiring jihadists hope that the next major battle is all but inevitable.

But what else might the international community glean from similarities and differences between the Afghan offspring versus the present-day Iraqi-Syrian progeny? For starters, as much as some scholars dismiss the importance of territory, the control of major cities like Mosul, Iraq and Raqqa, Syria has provided ISIS with consistent access to safe haven and sanctuary.

Given the continued assault on ISIS strongholds, there is little doubt that its members (foreign fighters as well as those from Iraq and Syria) will flee abroad to fight in other conflicts in places like Yemen, Libya, Afghanistan and elsewhere. With ISIS sustaining major territorial losses, some foreign fighters are refusing to fight while others are already attempting to return to their countries of origin. In Europe, this has been characterized as a low-probability, high-impact threat. Disrupting the reverse flow of the foreign-fighter pipeline remains a top priority for European governments and intelligence agencies.

To ensure that the foreign fighters who leave Iraq and Syria do not reconstitute elsewhere, it is critical they be denied safe haven, sanctuary, and the ability to train and network with other terrorists and insurgents in ungoverned territories. This must remain a priority, not only for the West, but for all nation-states affected by terrorism, including China and Russia.

The foreign-fighter contingent from Europe has been well-documented, but less understood are the ramifications of militants returning to countries that are ill-equipped and lack a domestic-security infrastructure to combat sustained acts of terrorism. This includes Trinidad and Tobago, which has the greatest per-capita number of foreign fighters in the Western Hemisphere.

In addition, some major global powers are preparing to deal with radicalized returnees from Syria. China is becoming increasingly worried about the growing threat of Uighur militants, jihadists from China’s western Xinjiang region, fighting in the Middle East, some of whom may return home to China to strike against Beijing. For Russia, the sheer number of its citizens fighting for ISIS—almost 2,400—is troubling; if even a fraction return home, it could cause major issues for Moscow. Jihadists from the former Soviet Union are rumored to be among the most effective and feared fighters in Syria today.

The mujahedeen that formed the core of Al Qaeda were able to rely upon Afghanistan as a hub for terrorist activity and training, provided in part by the Taliban. The global coalition arrayed to combat ISIS must do everything possible to ensure that Syria, Iraq, Libya, Yemen and other countries in the Middle East and North Africa do not become fertile soil for the current wave of jihadists to plant roots.

States with differing agendas and adversarial relationships have worked together in the past to counter terrorism. Most recently, the United States, Iran, Turkey and Russia came together in Syria to retake Palmyra from ISIS. Similar cooperation will be vital to ensuring that the threat from jihadists can be contained in the wake of the offensive against Mosul and the forthcoming assault on ISIS’s stronghold of Raqqa .

Colin P. Clarke is a political scientist at the nonprofit, nonpartisan RAND Corporation and an associate fellow at the International Centre for Counter-Terrorism (ICCT)-The Hague. Chad C. Serena is a political scientist at RAND. Amarnath Amarasingam is a senior research fellow at the Institute for Strategic Dialogue and a fellow at The George Washington University’s Program on Extremism.

Image: Sgt. Mike Garcia of the 8th Security Police Squadron is silhouetted against the sky as he holds a Stinger anti-aircraft guided missile during the air base ground defense Exercise Foal Eagle '89. Wikipedia Commons / Staff Sgt. Val Gempis​                                                                            0003924-0290f4ef42d2e008aed998babe4e947b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007055 00000000000 015261  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        BBC/GETTY Polly Mackenzie said Boris Johnson is now losing his shine

Polly Mackenzie, the former advisor to Nick Clegg, expressed her doubts about Boris Johnson’s popularity. The Foreign Secretary has been at the centre of a series of gaffes and controversies since his appointment to Cabinet. He was accused of undermining Theresa May’s authority by releasing an article in The Telegraph before the Prime Minister’s all-important Florence Speech in which he set out his own vision for Brexit. Newsnight presenter Kirsty Wark asked if Theresa May would like to get rid of Boris Johnson if she could, whether she can contain him more inside than out of Cabinet, and if he is still revered by Party members.

Ms Mackenzie said: “I don’t think he is still revered. I think a lot of the shine has come off Boris as that kind of great figure of fun who might be the witty, standard bearer for conservatism. “Lots of people who admired Boris for that now have shifted to thinking Jacob Rees-Mogg as that Have I Got News For You, friendly Tory.” It comes as the Foreign Secretary made a gaffe which critics claim lengthened the detention for a British woman, Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, in Iran.

Mr Johnson has faced calls to quit after telling a committee of MPs last week that Ms Zaghari-Ratcliffe was training journalists in Iran at the time of her arrest last year, something her employer and her family insist is incorrect and could be used to increase her sentence. Richard Ratcliffe, Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe's husband said that Mr Johnson should make a statement in Parliament to correct his mistake in an effort to prevent the sentence being lengthened. But in the Commons, Mr Johnson said the UK Government "has no doubt that she was on holiday" in Iran and that was the sole purpose of her visit.

The real Jacob Rees-Mogg Wed, February 8, 2017 Jacob Rees-Mogg is one of the biggest characters in the Tory party. Known for his RP diction, humorous speeches and staunchly pro-Brexit views, the MP for Northeast Somerset is firmly in the public eye Play slideshow AFP/Getty Images 1 of 12 Jacob Rees-Mogg poses as he delivers a petition against the provision of foreign aid at 10 Downing Street in London

In a statement released by the Foreign Office earlier, a spokesman did not offer any correction, saying instead that Mr Johnson's comments may have been "misrepresented" and they provide "no justifiable basis" for additional charges. Mrs Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who is serving a five-year sentence in an Iranian jail, was summoned to an unscheduled court hearing last weekend at which Mr Johnson's remarks were cited as proof that she had been engaged in "propaganda against the regime". Reports suggest the new charge could add five years to her prison term, imposed over unspecified allegations of involvement in a supposed coup attempt against the Tehran regime, which she denies.

GETTY Boris Johnson has been under fire for his comments about Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe

The political editor for The Sun, Tom Newton Dunn, said: “I don’t think this is going to get Boris. And I will happily put my hat on the table and eat it when it’s made of marzipan at some later stage. “He screwed up, no doubt about it he made things worse. But it is still the Iranians who are doing this. “The Iranians are hooding three-year-old children when they go meet their mother, who’s also hooded. And I think as time elapses people will realise they are using his idiocy to make matters worse for their own pretty despicable ends.”

BBC Tom Newton Dunn does not think Boris Johnson is finished because of the gaffe                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003885-d18683c11060215cd1a8d197920de950.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011443 00000000000 014606  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The extinction of the American raise — dead as a dodo, by every empirical measure — has become a truth universally acknowledged. Even Republican House Speaker John Boehner, not a fellow often glimpsed on the barricades with protesting workers, pronounced that “wages are stagnant” in his comments on the most recent employment figures.

On Tuesday, two of our most perceptive economics writers, the New York Times’s David Leonhardt and my Post colleague Catherine Rampell, authored columns that handicapped the prospects of employers actually beginning to increase their employees’ wages — which, as legend has it, was once a common practice in the United States. Leonhardt glumly observed that the downward pressure on wages imposed by globalization, sclerotic government and technological change might still outweigh the factors working in employees’ favor. Rampell noted that the 15 million Americans who are officially unemployed or who have dropped out of the labor force create a powerful downdraft on workers’ ability to win wage hikes.

Both of these macroeconomic explanations are sound, but they don’t exhaust the list of reasons why profits and capital income, as a share of the nation’s total income, are at record highs while wages and labor-derived income are at record lows. Nor does the alleged “skills gap” of U.S. workers provide much of an explanation, since “the demand for college-educated workers has actually slowed quite sharply since 2000 and their real wages have been flat,” as economist Jared Bernstein has noted.

Fully documenting the reasons the United States has experienced this epochal upward redistribution of wealth and income requires a look at institutional economics as well as macroeconomics. The distribution of income is a function not just of global forces but also of social and institutional power. And over the past four decades, U.S. workers have suffered a loss of power that may exceed even their loss of income.

Consider, for instance, how Americans succeeded in doubling their real incomes during the three decades following World War II. To be sure, it was a time when the United States dominated the world economy as never before or since, when major corporations had few foreign competitors and were seldom challenged by low-paying start-ups at home. Under those benign conditions, pay raises must have drifted down as the gentle rain from heaven — right?

Wrong. The presumably placid 1950s were rocked by one major strike after another, averaging 300 a year throughout the decade. There are few things as disruptive or unpleasant as a strike, both for the strikers and their communities. But it was by waging these disruptive, unpleasant actions that the greatest generation turned the United States into the first majority middle-class nation in ­history.

In the early 1980s, employers struck back. Following the lead of President Ronald Reagan, who fired striking air-traffic controllers, major companies began to routinely discharge workers who walked off the job. By the mid-’80s, strikes were in irreversible decline and companies were almost automatically firing workers who sought to form a union. A new doctrine, first propounded by economist Milton Friedman, took hold in boardrooms and executive suites. The purpose of a corporation, it held, was not to benefit all of its stakeholders — shareholders, employees and the public — but to benefit shareholders only. Boosting profits and the value of the company’s stock by laying off workers, holding down their pay, converting them to independent contractors or shifting their jobs overseas became so common a practice that any company not playing by these rules became the subject of journalistic profiles written in a tone of amazement (as the recent coverage of the Market Basket supermarket chain ­attests).

By the ’90s, most corporate chief executives had their pay linked to the value of their stock, which many of them were able to boost by having their companies buy back outstanding shares, causing the value of the remaining shares to rise. Over the past decade, under pressure from “activist investors” and with the understanding that boosting share value would send CEO pay soaring, the corporations on the S&P 500 list of the largest publicly traded companies have devoted more than 90 percent of their profits to buying back their own shares and paying dividends to shareholders.

That hasn’t left much for wage ­increases.

While macroeconomic conditions surely explain some of the problems that have befallen U.S. workers, the institutional changes to American business — above all, the rise of investor power and the decline of worker power — are central to the tale. The case of the vanishing American raise can’t be solved without them.

Read more from Harold Meyerson’s archive or follow him on Twitter.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0003860-3aaf8d4722324d85de862257987d073c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002451 00000000000 014705  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Serving up Mad Style Coat Porn:

Mad Men cast members Elisabeth Moss, John Slattery, Christina Hendricks, January Jones and Jon Hamm with show creator, writer and executive producer Matthew Weiner at THE DRAPER BENCH, a semi-permanent art installation at the Time & Life Plaza, 1271 Avenue of the Americas, home of Sterling Cooper & Partners Advertising Agency in the iconic series at Time & Life Building in New York City.

How ridiculously cool is that bench? How many tens of thousands of tourists are going to take their picture on that? How adorable are those socks?

They all look so cute here. We don’t think we’ve ever seen the cast all look that good at the same time. There’s usually one or two total WTFs, when you’ve got Hendricks, Jones, and Moss to contend with. God bless them all, but they’ve each had a somewhat contentious relationship with the red carpet.

Ironically, given the quintessentially New York flavor of the show, it’s fun and refreshing to see them all dressed up like, well, New Yorkers. Really glamorous and good-looking ones, to be sure.

That is just plain awesome, but it makes us really sad, in a way. We’re looking at a long mourning period ahead of us.

[Photo Credit: Getty Images, Dara Kushner/INFphoto.com, Kristin Callahan/ACE/INFphoto.com, GG/FAMEFLYNET PICTURES]                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0003822-9263fb3fcf35b73887cf56c91ad2d938.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003713 00000000000 015136  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Alex Salmond’s reaction to being paid more than any other politician for appearing in the latest series of the satirical quiz show Have I Got News For You may have owed something to the “Because I’m Worth It” slogan of the L’Oréal cosmetic brand.

A payment of £1,800 Mr Salmond listed in his register of MPs interests as his fee for appearing on the show last month was £300 higher than that recorded by the five other senior UK politicians who featured in the same series.

“They must be operating a payment by results scheme”, Mr Salmond said when explaining why he had received a bigger sum than the other political guests on the flagship BBC panel show.

Perhaps Mr Salmond felt the additional £300 was in recognition of a “Scottish weighting” fee over and above the recorded sums of £1,500 handed to Labour’s London mayoral candidate Sadiq Khan, shadow minister Diane Abbott, Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron and Tory backbencher Jacob Rees-Mogg.

But Mr Salmond’s fee of £1,800 may have left Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson feeling shortchanged after she was paid £1,500, despite receiving praise for her performance in an episode of the show hosted by the actor Michael Sheen.

Conservative MSP Murdo Fraser said: “Only in Alex Salmond’s mind was he head and shoulders above the rest.”

Programme maker Hat Trick Productions said the reason Mr Salmond’s appearance money stood at £1,800 was because it had to make an additional payment of £300 in VAT as he was paid via a company that he uses for earnings outside politics.

A spokeswoman for Hat Trick said the £300 went to the tax authorities and did not directly go to Mr Salmond.

Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie criticised Mr Salmond’s claims about his performance in the episode, which was hosted by the actor and presenter Alexander Armstrong.

Mr Rennie said: “This payment is more a reflection of the size of his ego then the quality of his performance.”                                                     0003927-e8e60af6e92271aeee88f886850bd52b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004257 00000000000 015226  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        2 of 5

Greg Bartram-USA TODAY Sports

Commence the Gregg Berhalter era in Columbus.

The former U.S. men's national team defender was announced as the seventh head coach in club history last November. After spending the last two years overseas, Berhalter returns to the league he called home during the twilight years of his career. His enrollment in the MLS coaching ranks, however, is not the first time he's held the reins at a professional level.

After retiring as a player in 2011, Berhalter was named head coach of Swedish club Hammarby IF. His appointment was a historic one. The New Jersey native became the first American to ever manage a professional football club in Europe.

He was fired after 19 months due to lack of productive play from the offensive side.

Ironically enough, that's exactly what Berhalter expressed he'd like to bring to Columbus in his introductory press conference last year:

My ideas about soccer are attacking minded views, that [involve] a dynamic team that can get forward very quickly - that can move the ball quickly. I believe in a possession-based game and I would say that the defensive side of it has to do with organization. I want to organize defensively. I wouldn't necessarily make that link though to the team being defensive minded. My ideas about soccer are very offensive and I want the team to play nice and attack the football.

But all coaches say that on day one.

What all coaches don't say—or at least aren't supposed to say, according to Portland Timbers owner Merritt Paulson—are the reasons one decides to turn down a proposed transaction.

That's exactly what Berhalter did when he publicly expressed why the Crew opted not to accept a loan for Toronto FC midfielder Matias Laba. That's exactly what Paulson took issue with on his Twitter account.

Well, indirectly: "If coach thumps his chest to media about specific trades he has rejected, he ain't getting more trade offers. Amazing that happens."

Rule of thumb: Don't subtweet.

A ball hasn't even been rolled yet and Berhatler is already ruffling a few feathers. These aren't exactly the type of headlines a blue-collared club like the Columbus Crew typically garnish.

So, yes, commence said era.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0003577-c863eaa83e709c498067b9c4fd6fe15e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020540 00000000000 015221  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        



H. Res. 337

In the House of Representatives, U. S.,

July 8, 2015.

Whereas Tibet is the center of Tibetan Buddhism, and His Holiness the Dalai Lama is the most revered figure in Tibetan Buddhism worldwide;

Whereas the Chinese response to the Tibetan Uprising in 1959 led to the exile of Tenzin Gyatso, His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama, Tibet’s spiritual and temporal leader;

Whereas His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama, who on July 6, 2015, celebrates his 80th birthday, has for over 50 years in exile significantly advanced greater understanding, tolerance, harmony and respect among the religious faiths of the world;

Whereas His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama has led the effort to preserve the rich cultural, religious, historical and linguistic heritage of the Tibetan people while at the same time promoting the safeguarding of other endangered cultures throughout the world;

Whereas His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama has personally promoted democratic self-government for Tibetans in exile and in 2011 turned over political authority to the democratically elected leadership of the Central Tibetan Administration;

Whereas His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama has been greatly concerned by the state of the Tibetan environment and the exploitation of its natural resources, including fresh water—as rivers originating in the Tibetan plateau support one-third of the world’s population—and has promoted environmental awareness in the region;

Whereas His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 in recognition of his efforts to seek a peaceful resolution to the situation in Tibet, and to promote non-violent methods for resolving conflict;

Whereas His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal in 2007 in recognition of his promotion of democracy, freedom, and peace for the Tibetan people; his efforts to preserve the cultural, religious, and linguistic heritage of the Tibetan people; his promotion of non-violence; and his contributions to global religious understanding, human rights, and ecology;

Whereas His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama, as the spiritual leader of Tibetan Buddhism, publicly presented in 2011 the religious process which Tibetan Buddhists should follow regarding his reincarnation;

Whereas the Chinese central government has attempted to interfere with the reincarnation process and the practice of Tibetan Buddhist religious traditions; and Chinese officials assert that the failure to secure Beijing’s approval on the Dalai Lama’s reincarnation would make the process “illegal”;

Whereas in the words of Party official Zhu Weiqun, “Decision-making power over the reincarnation of the Dalai Lama and over the end or survival of his lineage, resides with the central government of China.”;

Whereas the Department of State’s International Religious Freedom Report for 2013 noted that in Tibetan areas of China “[r]epression was severe and increased around politically sensitive events and religious anniversaries,” and “[o]fficial interference in the practice of Tibetan Buddhist religious traditions continued to generate profound grievances”;

Whereas the Department of State has designated China as a “country of particular concern” (CPC) for religious freedom since 1999, and in its 2013 human rights report details that “under the banner of maintaining social stability and combating separatism, the [Chinese] government has engaged in the severe repression of Tibet’s unique religious, cultural, and linguistic heritage by, among other means, strictly curtailing the civil rights of China’s ethnic Tibetan population, including the freedoms of speech, religion, association, assembly, and movement”;

Whereas access to Tibetan areas of China for United States officials, journalists, and other United States citizens, is restricted by the Government of the People’s Republic of China, obscuring the full impact of the Chinese Government’s policies, including the disappearance of Tibetans who sought to share information about human rights abuses on the Tibetan Plateau;

Whereas the Department of State’s 2014 Report on Tibet Negotiations noted that “The Dalai Lama’s representatives and Chinese officials have not met directly since the ninth round of dialogue in January 2010.”;

Whereas, on March 10, 2015, the elected Tibetan leader Sikyong Dr. Lobsang Sangay publicly stated “The Envoys of His Holiness the Dalai Lama are ready to engage in dialogue with their Chinese counterpart any time and any place.”;

Whereas it is the objective of the United States Government, consistent across administrations of different political parties and as articulated in the Tibetan Policy Act of 2002 (subtitle B of title VI of Public Law 107–228; 22 U.S.C. 6901 note) to promote dialogue between the Government of the People’s Republic of China and the Dalai Lama or his representatives to reach a negotiated agreement on Tibet;

Whereas China may be considering convening a Sixth Tibet Work Forum to set policy on Tibet for the next five years or so, with the last such work forum having been held in 2010; and

Whereas the American people have a long-held concern for and interest in the plight of the Tibetan people: Now, therefore, be it

Resolved, That the House of Representatives—

(1) calls on the United States Government to fully implement sections 613(a) and 621(c) of the Tibetan Policy Act of 2002 by strongly encouraging representatives of the Government of the People’s Republic of China and His Holiness the Dalai Lama to hold substantive dialogue, in keeping with the Tibetan Policy Act of 2002 and without preconditions, in order to address Tibetan grievances and secure a negotiated agreement for the Tibetan people;

(2) calls on the United States Government to fully implement section 618 of the Tibetan Policy Act of 2002 in regard to the establishment of an office in Lhasa, Tibet, to monitor political, economic and cultural developments in Tibet, and to provide consular protection and citizen services;

(3) urges the United States Government—

(A) to consistently raise Tibetan human rights and political and religious freedom concerns at the United States-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue and other high-level bilateral meetings;

(B) and the Special Coordinator for Tibetan Issues to offer their assistance to China in its preparations for a potential future Sixth Tibet Work Form; and

(C) to call for the immediate and unconditional release of Tibetan political prisoners, including Gedhun Choekyi Nyima, the 11th Panchen Lama, who was taken into custody by the Chinese authorities and has been missing since 1995, Tenzin Delek Rinpoche, and Khenpo Kartse (Khenpo Karma Tsewang);

(4) calls on the United States Government to underscore that government interference in the Tibetan reincarnation process is a violation of the internationally recognized right to religious freedom and to highlight the fact that other countries besides China have long Tibetan Buddhist traditions, and that matters related to reincarnations in Tibetan Buddhism are of keen interest to Tibetan Buddhist populations worldwide;

(5) calls on the United States Government to recognize and increase global public awareness and monitoring of the upcoming electoral process through which the Tibetan people in exile will choose the next democratically elected leader of the Central Tibetan Administration, the Sikyong;

(6) calls on the United States Government to fully implement section 616 of the Tibetan Policy Act of 2002 by using its voice and vote to encourage development organizations and agencies to design and implement development projects that fully comply with the Tibet Project Principles;

(7) calls on United States and international governments, organizations, and civil society to renew and reinforce initiatives to promote the preservation of the distinct religious, cultural, linguistic, and national identity of the Tibetan people;

(8) calls on the Government of the People’s Republic of China to allow unrestricted access to the Tibetan areas of China to United States officials, journalists, and other United States citizens;

(9) affirms the Dalai Lama’s desire for a negotiated agreement for the Tibetan people, and urges the Chinese government to enter into negotiations with the Dalai Lama and his representatives; and

(10) reaffirms the unwavering friendship between the people of the United States and the people of Tibet.

Attest:

Clerk.                                                                                                                                                                0003592-3cf267c4375ff6da7ca766fee86c37d0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002565 00000000000 015302  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        You might think Zach Braff is a destitute hobo, the way he was begging for money on the internet last week. But no! Zach Braff is in fact a very famous and wealthy actor, screenwriter, producer and director, and Zach Braff is also the donor who just pitched in enough money to save the Rio Theater in Monte Rio.

That's right: the star of Scrubs and Garden State put the Rio's fundraising efforts over their $60,000 goal just today—meaning that the cutest little Quonset hut theater in Sonoma County will be able to buy a digital projector, thereby appeasing the big-movie-studio ogres and staying open to bring life and love and entertainment to the deep reaches of West County.

On Facebook, Braff testified about the Rio Theater that he "Can't wait to see a movie there!"

Congratulations to the Rio Theater, which opened in 1950 and has become a favorite of ours here at the Bohemian. The quaint one-screen is a true small-town gem, refreshingly removed from the moviegoing experience at huge megaplexes. With its hand-picked music, personalized slides, and fabric from Christo's fence hanging from the ceiling, it's a beloved staple of the West County community. (For the full story of the Rio Theater, see Stephen Gross' history of the place, here.)

May the Rio last another 63 years or more—and you can bet that sometime soon, they'll be showing Braff's upcoming film, Wish I Was Here.                                                                                                                                           0003949-304a5b5c249a2c195fc68371ad1a28e9.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002557 00000000000 015040  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        APRIL 27--For the first time ever, a defendant has been charged in connection with a xylophone rage incident, records show.

According to investigators, Floridian April Encarnacion, 43, was collared earlier this month on a domestic battery charge after police responded to a residence in Fort Walton Beach.

Encarnacion, cops say, was in the kitchen with the male victim, who “was playing a xylophone” around 9:20 PM. Encarnacion--apparently not enjoying the Friday evening musical performance--“asked him to stop,” according to a court filing.

When the man refused, Encarnacion, seen above, “dumped a pot of cold cooking grease on him.”

An officer who responded to a 911 call noted that the victim had wet spots on his shirt and shorts, and that “there was a puddle of liquid on the ground where the victim was sitting near the xylophone.”

During police questioning, Encarnacion--who is jailed in lieu of $3000 bond--reportedly confessed to the April 14 attack. Charged with misdemeanor battery, Encarnacion is next scheduled for a May 2 court appearance.

Encarnacion, an unemployed housekeeper, is already serving a probation sentence in connection with a 2015 no contest plea to a felony charge of battery on a police officer.

An arrest report does not reveal whether the xylophone was of the Fisher Price variety or more like the instrument pictured below. (2 pages)                                                                                                                                                 0003870-8a176bebb9ec321aa9e26c0b0de983ab.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000022356 00000000000 015402  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Eyewitness accounts from the Syrian massacre emerged Tuesday, describing shadowy gunmen slaughtering whole families in their homes and targeting the most vulnerable in poor farming villages. Western nations expelled Syrian diplomats in a coordinated move against President Bashar Assad's regime over the killing of more than 100 people.

U.N. special envoy Kofi Annan met with Assad in Damascus to try to salvage what was left of a peace plan, which since being brokered six weeks ago has failed to stop any of the violence on the ground.

Survivors of the Houla massacre blamed pro-regime gunmen for at least some of the carnage as the killings reverberated inside Syria and beyond, further isolating Assad and embarrassing his few remaining allies.

"It's very hard for me to describe what I saw, the images were incredibly disturbing," a Houla resident who hid in his home during the massacre told The Associated Press on Tuesday. "Women, children without heads, their brains or stomachs spilling out."

He said the pro-regime gunmen, known as shabiha, targeted the most vulnerable in the farming villages that make up Houla, a poor area in Homs province. "They went after the women, children and elderly," he said, asking that his name not be used out of fear of reprisals.

Assad's government often deploys fearsome militias that provide muscle for the regime and carry out military-style attacks. They frequently work closely with soldiers and security forces, but the regime never acknowledges their existence, allowing it to deny responsibility for their actions.

U.N. peacekeeping chief Herve Ladsous said there are strong suspicions that pro-Assad fighters were responsible for some of the killings, adding that he has seen no reason to believe that "third elements" — or outside forces — were involved, although he did not rule it out.

The Syrian regime has denied any role in the massacre, blaming the killings on "armed terrorists" who attacked army positions in the area and slaughtered innocent civilians. It has provided no evidence to support its narrative, nor has it given a death toll.

Following his meeting with Assad, Annan called on the government and "all government-backed militias" to stop military operations and show maximum restraint. He also called on the armed opposition to stop all violence.

"We are at a tipping point," Annan told reporters in Damascus. "The Syrian people do not want the future to be one of bloodshed and division."

Cranking up the pressure on Assad, the Obama administration gave Syria's most senior envoy in Washington, the charge d'affaires at the Syrian Embassy, 72 hours to leave the United States. Britain, Canada, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Spain and Bulgaria also expelled Syrian diplomats.

"We hold the Syrian government responsible for this slaughter of innocent lives," State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said in Washington. "This massacre is the most unambiguous indictment to date of the Syrian government's flagrant violations of its U.N. Security Council obligations."

The massacre in Houla could prove to be a watershed moment in the Syrian crisis, which began in March 2011 with peaceful protests inspired by the wave of uprisings sweeping the Arab world.

Nearly 15 months later, the country is in many ways unrecognizable from the days before the revolt. Assad, once considered a potential reformer in a region filled with aging dictators, is a global pariah. A country that once boasted it was the safest in the Middle East is riven with violence, some of it reminiscent of the worst days of the Iraq war. The economy is in tatters. Syrians are facing price increases for basic goods and endure regular power cuts.

And in some haunting cases, neighbors who have lived side by side for years are turning on each other, driven by sectarian hatred that so many months of violence is laying bare.

According to witnesses, the massacre, which began late Friday in an area about 40 kilometers (25 miles) northwest of the city of Homs, had dangerous sectarian overtones.

The victims lived in the Houla area's Sunni Muslim villages. But the shabiha forces allegedly behind many of the killings came from an arc of nearby villages populated by Alawites, an offshoot of Shiite Islam.

Most shabiha fighters belong to the Alawite sect, to which the Assad family and the ruling elite also belong. This ensures the gunmen's loyalty to the regime, built on fears they will be persecuted if the Sunni majority gains the upper hand.

Sunnis make up most of Syria's 22 million people, as well as the backbone of the opposition. Even as much of the opposition insists the movement is entirely secular, disturbing reports from the ground suggest religious tensions are boiling over.

The volatile sectarian divide makes civil war one of the most dire scenarios.

Activists say as many as 13,000 people have been killed in the uprising. The U.N. put the toll at 9,000 as of March — one year into the revolt — but many hundreds more have died since.

On Tuesday, the U.N.'s human rights office said most of the 108 victims of the Houla massacre were shot at close range. The U.N. report indicated that most of the dead were killed execution-style, with fewer than 20 people cut down by regime shelling.

Deaths from heavy artillery can be blamed on regime forces with relative confidence because rebel fighters do not have such weapons. But it is more difficult to determine who is behind the close-range killings — particularly as Syria sharply restricts media access.

Still, the U.N. cited survivors and witnesses blaming the house-to-house killings on shabiha. Witnesses also told the AP that shabiha were behind the attacks.

"What is very clear is this was an absolutely abominable event that took place in Houla, and at least a substantial part of it was summary executions of civilians, women and children," said Rupert Colville, spokesman for the U.N. High commissioner for Human Rights.

"At this point, it looks like entire families were shot in their houses," he said.

It is not clear what touched off the convulsion of violence. Houla activists reached by Skype said government troops shelled the area after anti-government protests on Friday and clashed with local rebels. Later, shabiha from nearby villages swept through the area, stabbing residents and shooting them at close range.

Videos posted online by anti-regime activists show explosions in Houla and dismembered bodies in the streets, then row upon row of the dead laid out before being buried in a mass grave. Some videos showed dozens of dead children, some with gaping wounds.

According to the state-run news agency, SANA, Assad on Tuesday blamed terrorists and weapons smugglers for scuttling the peace plan, which called for a cease-fire and dialogue with the opposition. The regime denies there is any popular will behind the country's uprising, saying foreign extremists and terrorists are driving the unrest.

Although Damascus has remained largely impervious to international condemnation over the course of the uprising, Tuesday's diplomatic squeeze will increase pressure on Syria's remaining allies, including Russia.

Russia has provided a key layer of protection for the Syrian government in the uprising. Russia and China have used their veto power to block U.N. resolutions against Assad. But Russia has grown increasingly critical of Damascus in recent months, and the Houla massacre has prompted some of the strongest condemnations yet from Moscow.

Russian President Vladimir Putin is traveling to Germany and France this week and is likely to come under even greater criticism for his support of the regime.

"We have to continue our work with the Russians," British Foreign Secretary William Hague said. "We will continue to discuss this with Russia. Russia has particular leverage on the regime and therefore has a particular role in this crisis."

Despite some shift in Russia's stance recently, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Tuesday the Houla massacre must not be a pretext to push for military intervention from outside. Instead, he urged all sides to focus on the Annan plan.

Hague said that the situation in Syria is more complicated than what international powers faced in Libya last year, when a U.N. resolution ushered in NATO military intervention against dictator Moammar Gadhafi's regime.

White House spokesman Jay Carney said the Obama administration remains opposed to military action, reasoning that it would lead only to more carnage. He said the U.S. will continue offering non-lethal assistance to the Syrian people and said Tuesday's coordinated move to expel Syrian diplomats was a signal of the international community's "absolute disgust" with Assad's rule.

Assad still commands a strong army that has proven largely unwilling to turn on him. The entire structure of the state has been built to preserve Assad's power, with the military, the police and security services — even the economy — tied up with the survival of his presidency.

Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy

But as the violence engulfs the country, many see Assad's departure as the only way out.

Fawaz Zakri, a member of the opposition Syrian National Council, urged action by the U.N. Security Council, saying the world body "must do something to save the Syrian people's souls."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0003769-afad6e0e1f2906b1a277ca673e4159b4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013267 00000000000 015176  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        I’ve been reading a book titled Drive. Its goal is to discuss what motivates us, yet it is one of those books that isn’t particularly well written or entertaining. But alas, it is a book that gets you thinking in a more concrete fashion about things you have always known. It reminds me of a college book—not interesting enough to make it really enjoyable, but meaningful enough that you keep going back to it until you finally finish.

The book basically boils motivation down to three essential ingredients: autonomy, mastery and purpose. Or in an even simpler form, what gets you up in the morning or keeps you up at night?

Related: 70 photos of hard-working beef producers

I try to apply every business book I read to my business, my family and my relationships with the hope of making them better. My world view tends to be like a typical economist. Profit is the motivator, profit is the goal, profit is the purpose.

Yet, I think that is one of the reasons I have always admired ranchers so much. Their primary purpose and goals are rarely about profits. Profits are a good thing; they are essential to the survival of a business, but also a very good way of measuring whether or not the business is achieving its greater purpose.

Related: 12 Reasons You Should Be Proud To Be A Hard Worker

The concepts in this book seem almost intuitive at a personal or business level, if not always easy to implement. But it also got me to thinking about these concepts from an industry perspective. Our industry is an endless story of passionate, hard-working people and businesses striving to build a legacy. But from an industry perspective, we morph into metrics like profitability, beef demand, or market share.

There’s nothing wrong with that. After all, the industry is not sustainable without them. However, they are a lot like selection indexes—they are a great way to measure your progress, but you improve them by improving the individual components that make up the index.

We achieve our goals as an industry by increasing consumers’ connection with our product, creating more memorable and enjoyable eating experiences and providing more value. It isn’t prices we receive or advertising dollars we spend. We tend to focus on the comfortable instead of the important.

The artificial insemination (AI) business is a great microcosm of this. Only 3-5% of the cows in this country are AI’d. So a 2% increase in that number would increase the size of the business by 40%-60% and profitability by even greater margins. Yet, the industry as a whole spends very little time growing AI acceptance. Instead of growing the size of the pie, they fight ferociously every day to increase the size of their slice of the pie.

Everyone benefits from a growing industry and everyone is harmed by a shrinking industry. Yet, we spend precious little time and capital on growing our industry. Truth be known, most of the time spent on the big aggregate things are more designed to preserve what we have or to stop the decline rather than truly grow it.

I always thought that the great disadvantage our industry had to overcome was being a commodity market. That has been and continues to be an impediment, even as the industry attempts to transition toward a differentiated value-based marketing structure.

As I get older, however, I’m starting to realize that the problem is dwarfed by our segmented business model. Everyone does a great job, but unlike other businesses there is no clear individual responsibility for meeting and building the demands of consumers or addressing competitive concerns. The result is a mad race for efficiency and grabbing market share, not from an overall market perspective but from a narrowly focused segment mentality.

As crazy as it might sound, I think the checkoff has even contributed to the problem. Yes, it saved us from the precipice and helps to keep us from going the way of the lamb industry, but it also gave us as individuals an excuse to abdicate our responsibility to grow our industry.

The other ironic factor is that we have been let off the hook for growing our industry because our product simply tastes a lot better than our competitors. They have had to innovate, improve their product offerings and invest greatly in marketing, efficiency, and product development. We haven’t.

We look at the aggregate numbers our industry spends and think it is significant dollars, but that’s a warped perspective. Imagine you are selling 10 bred heifers and I gave you $10 to promote them. The average fed animal grosses several thousand dollars and yet we are invested $1 per animal to promote the consumer products it produces.

For a little perspective, the average company spends 2% of its revenue on advertising. In contested markets, that number is even higher. For example, Ford sells about 2 million cars per year and they spend $4 billion advertising. And no, that doesn’t count the billions of dollars its dealers spend as well. Even Microsoft, which enjoys a dominant market share position and limited competition, spends nearly 3% of its revenues on advertising.

The beef industry on a retail equivalent is a $105 billion industry. It is hard to fathom, but if we were a company, we would be investing several billion dollars a year in advertising! The marketing, research and development numbers are equally as disturbing.

We should be debating if $15 or $20 per head is a more appropriate number. Instead, we are talking about whether or not we can raise it to $2. It is like our politicians who talk about reducing our nearly $20 trillion debt by eliminating a $1 million budget line item. While it is true that we must start somewhere, a solution that is wholly inadequate to address the problem is always going to be a tough sale.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0003916-f09ca91c78573ca5bcf9734e09f4cb54.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000025201 00000000000 015204  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        With tonight's win, Florida is now 44-3 and still holds the highest win percentage (.936) in the country.

Florida, who's currently in first place in the SEC standings, holds a 14-3 mark in conference play for the first time since 2012 when the Gators were 15-2 through 17 league games.

Florida's senior class is now 217-31, which currently ranks tied for fifth among four-year class records in program history. This year's group is now tied with UF's 2014 graduating class that went 217-47 throughout its four seasons. Taylore Fuller , Kirsti Merritt , Aubree Munro , Taylor Schwarz and Kelsey Stewart are trying to catch UF's 2011 class which boasted a 238-33 mark during their four years.

Tim Walton is now just four wins away from his 600th win at Florida. Walton earned his 700 th career win on March 12 at Auburn.

is now just four wins away from his 600th win at Florida. Saturday's game was broadcast on SEC Network+. Florida is now 24-2 in contests that are streamed online.

Florida is now 28-0 against unranked opponents this season.

UF has now outscored its opponents this season, 292-46. In 2015, UF had a plus-246 run differential (333-87) through 47 games. In 2014, UF had a plus-213 run differential (317-104) through 47 games.

Florida's 46 runs allowed through 47 games is the second fewest in school history through this point in any season. UF's 2009 squad allowed 40 tallies through 47 contests and Florida's last two NCAA Championship teams had allowed 85 runs each, respectively. The Gators have made just 20 errors this season and currently sport one of the best fielding percentages (.984) and earned run averages in the nation (0.86). For comparison, Florida had committed 27 errors through 47 contests last season and had a fielding percentage of .978. UF went on to record a .981 fielding percentage and commit just 33 errors, which are both school records.

Florida's astounding 0.86 team ERA (302.2 IP) would go down as the second-best ERA for a single season in program history if the season ended today.

Top ERA Season's in UF History: 2008 – 0.92 ERA (512.0 IP) 2009 – 0.69 ERA (444.0 IP)

Florida's miniscule .158 batting average against (302.2 IP) would go down as the best b/avg. for a single season in program history if the season ended today.

Top B/Avg. Season's in UF History: 2008 – 0.176 b/avg. (512.0 IP) 2009 – 0.161 b/avg. (444.0 IP)

UF did not allow a stolen base on Saturday, remaining the only team in the SEC who has yet to allow more than three stolen bases in 2016. In addition, three stolen bases is the fewest Florida has allowed in school history through 47 games. Florida's opponents have only attempted to steal nine bases against Aubree Munro and Florida's catchers this season. That mark would shatter Florida's school record of 25 attempts that was set in 2015. In addition, UF's stolen-base-against percentage of 33% (3-9) this season would be the lowest in school history if the season ended today. Florida's 2003 team currently holds that mark as they allowed just 51.7% (31-60) of runners to steal a base safely.



Aleshia Ocasio (16-1), Kelly Barnhill (14-0) and Delanie Gourley (14-2) are looking to become the first trio in school history to all record at least 15 wins in a season.

(16-1), (14-0) and (14-2) are looking to become the first trio in school history to all record at least 15 wins in a season. Gourley (150), Barnhill (135) and Ocasio (110) are the second trio in school history to all record 100+ strikeouts in a season. They are trying to become the first trio in school history to all record 150+ strikeouts in a season.

Florida's trio of pitchers are looking to become the second group to all throw at least 100 innings in a single season. UF's 2002 group of Amanda Moore (174.2 IP), Amanda Knowles (113.2) and Mandy Schuerman (105.0 IP) last achieved this feat. Innings pitched totals = Delanie Gourley – 108.2, Aleshia Ocasio – 107.0, , Kelly Barnhill – 84.0 Ocasio (136.0, 2015) and Gourley (107.2, 2014) have each achieved this feat once before in their careers.

Florida's pitching trio has combined to allow just 46 runs, while they have totaled 395 strikeouts. Both of those numbers lead the SEC. Only two teams in Florida history have ever allowed less than 100 runs in a single season. UF's 2009 squad allowed just 67 runs and its 2008 team allowed 94 tallies. Florida's 395 strikeouts currently ranks ninth all-time in program history for strikeouts in a single season.

Ocasio (0.65) and Gourley (0.71) entered this week with the No. 1 and No. 4 ERAs in the country and Barnhill is fourth in strikeouts per game (10.9).

After Gourley earned her fifth save of the season, Florida's pitching staff has now recorded 11 saves season. That is the top mark for a single season in Florida history.

Gourley joined Ocasio with five saves this season, which is tied for the Florida single season record.

Ocasio's astounding 0.65 ERA (107.0 IP) would go down as the second-best ERA for a single season in Florida history if the season ended today. Stacey Nelson currently holds the top two single season ERAs in program history, as she recorded a 0.61 ERA (285.1 IP) in 2009 and 0.75 (352.2 IP) in 2008.

Gourley's astounding 0.71 ERA (108.2 IP) would go down as the third-best ERA for a single season in Florida history if the season ended today. Stacey Nelson currently holds the top two single season ERAs in program history, as she recorded a 0.61 ERA (285.1 IP) in 2009 and 0.75 (352.2 IP) in 2008.



Hitting Streak: Aubree Munro – nine games (season long & one shy of career long) Kirsti Merritt – four games (one shy of season long) Kelsey Stewart – three games

In addition, Kelsey Stewart is now two total bases shy of Lauren Haeger 's program record 494.

is now two total bases shy of 's program record 494. Kirsti Merritt recorded her fourth double of the season and her 10 th extra-base hit in the third inning.

recorded her fourth double of the season and her 10 extra-base hit in the third inning. Aubree Munro 's three home runs this season ties her single-season high that she set back in 2014. Munro now has eight career long balls.

's three home runs this season ties her single-season high that she set back in 2014. Munro now has eight career long balls. Kayli Kvistad is hitting .500 (15 for 30) over UF's last 10 games with six homers, 17 RBI and eight runs scored.

is hitting .500 (15 for 30) over UF's last 10 games with six homers, 17 RBI and eight runs scored. Kvistad and Amanda Lorenz are challenging for the top on-base percentage in school history, as they each have recorded an OBP of .547 and .512 thus far this season. Bailey Castro set the program record a season ago when she reached base at a .536 clip.

are challenging for the top on-base percentage in school history, as they each have recorded an OBP of .547 and .512 thus far this season. Amanda Lorenz , who's currently hitting .386, is on pace to record the highest batting average for a freshman in school history. In addition, she could become the first rookie in program history to have an on-base percentage over .500. Kelsey Stewart holds the batting title as she hit .378 during her freshman season in 2013.

, who's currently hitting .386, is on pace to record the highest batting average for a freshman in school history. In addition, she could become the first rookie in program history to have an on-base percentage over .500. Other freshman ranks that Lorenz is climbing into: Runs Scored – T-7 th (43) Doubles – T-7 th (10) Walks – 6 th (36)



Florida now leads the all-time series with Mississippi State, 32-19; this including a 18-8 advantage at home.

Since Tim Walton became Florida's head coach before the 2006 season, the Gators are now 23-3 against the Bulldogs.

Promotions

Kids Run The Bases All kids 12 & under can run the bases following the game!



Seniorhit her first-career grand slam and sophomoreearned her 16th win in the circle during Saturday's series-clinching win, as No. 1 Florida (44-3/14-3 SEC) downed Mississippi State (24-22/3-14 SEC), 6-3.Munro, who's currently on a nine-game hitting streak, is hitting .542 (13 for 24) during this streak with three home runs, two doubles, one triple, 11 RBI, and seven runs scored.The Gators overcame a two-run third-inning deficit with six runs in the bottom of third to mark Florida's seventh come from behind victory in 2016. In the circle, Ocasio (16-1) allowed two runs on five hits and three walks with a season-high seven strikeouts over five innings.Ocasio allowed two runs in a game for the first time since June 1, 2015.Juniorrelieved the sophomore in the sixth and tossed two scoreless innings with one strikeout to earn her fifth save of the season and 12of her career. The Lakeside, Calif. native ranks third in in Florida history with those 12 saves as Stacey Nelson (18) and Hannah Rogers (14) hold the top two marks in program lore.Mississippi State wasted no time grabbing its first hit and run of the series on Saturday. After Ocasio walked the leadoff hitter in the top of the first, MSU's Mackenzie Toler recorded an RBI double down the left-field line to score the game's first run.In the top of the third inning after a leadoff triple by Kayla Winkfield, Mississippi State extended its lead to 2-0 on an RBI single by Caroline Seitz.Undaunted, Florida answered in the bottom of the third inning.With runners on first and second with two outs, seniorrecorded a two-run double into right-center field to tie the game at two runs apiece.After a hit by pitch and walk loaded the bases, seniorhit Florida's first grand slam of the season to left-center field to give the Gators a 6-2 lead.Mississippi State scored the game's final run in the fifth when MSU's Amanda Ivy recorded a two-out RBI double into right-center field.Head CoachOn Florida's pitching…"I'm not going to take anything away from Aleshia (Ocasio). Mississippi State just found a way to hit her better than most teams have this season, and that's why we changed it up with Delanie (Gourley) at the end of today's game."On Florida's offense…"If you would have asked me who would've have had the biggest hits today, I would have said it would be (Aubree) Munro and (Kirsti) Merritt. Both of them have hit Alexis Silkwood pretty well historically. They both hit it out of the ball park last year a couple of times, so I think there was a right on left match-up there that's favorable to them. Both Aubree and Kirsti had really nice swings in the third inning. I thought we were patient enough at the plate earlier to get into that situation where we weren't chasing pitches."This series concludes tomorrow at 5 p.m. on SEC Network and it can be heard on Florida Sports Talk (WGGG-AM & WMOP-AM/FM). Live stats links for the contest can be found on the Gators' schedule page Sunday:In the Polls: NFCA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0003966-9de457c68257c42827fa96cb43e56db1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004426 00000000000 015064  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        WHAT on earth is happen-PING here?

Firefighters had to rescue a bungling Black Country prankster after he 'cemented' his head in ... a MICROWAVE.

The YouTube joker decided to make a mould of his head using Polyfilla – but his plans went disastrously wrong.

Because, when the mixture set faster than they expected, he was trapped in the oven.

His friends tried for 90 minutes to free the Wolverhampton man, but in vain.

They kept him from suffocating by feeding an air tube into the 22-year-old’s mouth.

Then, fearing the worst, they finally raised the alarm, and called for an ambulance.

Paramedics alerted the fire service, and a crew spent an hour trying to free the trickster. Firefighters found him with the microwave still firmly stuck on his head, in the garage of a house in Fordhouses.

But it proved a mission impossible. In the end, they had to call colleagues from Technical Rescue for specialist advice.

The five-man crew then had to use a screwdriver to dislodge the Pollyfilla close to his head, eventually freeing him.

Watch Commander Shaun Dakin, who responded to the incident, said: “As funny as this sounds, this young man could quite easily have suffocated or have been seriously injured.

“He and a group of friends had mixed seven bags of Polyfilla which they then poured around his head, which was protected by a plastic bag inside the microwave.

“The oven was being used as a mould, and wasn’t plugged in, but the mixture quickly set hard.

“By the time we were called, they’d already been trying to free him for an hour and a half.”

Watch Commander Dakin added: “Taking the microwave apart was tricky, because a lot of it was welded. We video-called our Technical Rescue colleagues for advice and eventually managed to get him unstuck.

You are viewing an Accelerated Mobile Page. This embedded content is not currently supported. See it here

“He was very relieved when we removed a large chunk of the Polyfilla with a screwdriver, allowing him to breathe more easily. But we had to be extremely careful with the screwdriver, working so closely to his head.

“It took us nearly an hour to free him. All of the group involved were very apologetic, but this was clearly a call-out which might have prevented us from helping someone else in genuine, accidental need.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003879-2f2f71ef702b58f368577787b79b13b8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011462 00000000000 014736  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Donald Trump has sparked fears about a new global nuclear arms race with a tweet that reverberated around the world in which he called on the US to expand its nuclear arsenal.

In a single comment that will raise more questions about both his temperament and foreign policy experience, the President-elect said the US must "greatly strengthen and expand" its nuclear arsenal until "the world comes to its senses regarding nukes".

He gave no other details about his plans. But his comment immediately triggered fears that the next US president will reverse decades of policy in which the nation has, in tandem with Russia, sought to reduce its nuclear arsenal.

We’ll tell you what’s true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.

The Associated Press said the Thursday morning comment from Mr Trump came a day after he met with several military procurement officers to discuss defence budgets, including Lt Gen Jack Weinstein, the deputy chief of staff for strategic deterrence and nuclear integration for the Air Force.

During the campaign, Mr Trump had suggested that the US expand its arsenal and he also suggested that the “better off” other countries, including Japan and South Korea, should have nuclear capabilities. He said that would mean that the US’s traditional allies might not be so dependent on Washington.

Mr Trump was spending Thursday at his private estate in south Florida, where he has been meeting with advisers and interviewing potential cabinet nominees. He is also expanding his White House staff, announcing that campaign manager Kellyanne Conway will join him in the West Wing as a counselor.

Reaction to Mr Trump’s comments was quick. Anti-nuclear campaigners said the comments underscored how little Mr Trump understood the danger of nuclear expansion – something on which there had been bipartisan agreement in the US for decades.

Kate Hudson, General Secretary of the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND), told The Independent she was “deeply concerned” by Mr Trump’s comments.

“It was very striking that during the campaign he made comments that suggested he did not understand much about nuclear weapons, and suggested other countries should develop their own,” she said.

“The US already has enough weapons to destroy everything there is several times over. Why does it need more? It seems crazy. He needs to understand that this is the best way to start a nuclear war.”

It comes as Russian President Vladimir Putin announced that Russia's military can overpower any potential foe.

"We can say with certainty: we are stronger now than any potential aggressor," he told an annual end-of-year defence ministry meeting. "Anyone!"

The Federation of American Scientists has estimated there are currently 15,375 nuclear warheads held by eight countries. Of those, Russia has an estimated 7,300, the US has 6,970, France has 300, China possesses 260, the UK has 215, Pakistan has 130, India has 120 and Israel has 80, though it refuses to confirm or deny its arsenal.

Efforts by the two major nuclear powers to reduce their arsenal date to the late 1960s. SALT I – or the Strategic Arms Limitation Talks Agreement signed on 26 May 1972 – froze the number of strategic ballistic missile launchers at existing levels.

John Pike, director of the Washington-based military studies group GlobalSecurity.Org said that Mr Trump’s actions appeared to fit with the suggestions of critics who say Mr Trump – however unlikely it may sound – is working to benefit Russia.

“What he has done is what someone would do it they wanted to completely upend the US’s security posture,” he said.

Dr Janne Nolan, chair of the Nuclear Security Working Group, a bipartisan group of policy experts working to build consensus on nuclear security issues, said Mr Trump would be inheriting a $300bn nuclear modernisation programme agreed by the Obama administration.

“There is a certain irony here in that the outgoing president, who was rhetorically committed to a vision of global nuclear elimination, leaves behind the most ambitious and expensive nuclear modernisation plan of several decades for his successor to execute,” she said.

“It remains to be seen what President-elect Trump will actually do that is new or different. It would appear that he will need time to learn that effective 21st century nuclear deterrence is a far more nuanced challenge with complex considerations and not so easily achieved with additional weapons or larger budgets.”

We’ll tell you what’s true. You can form your own view.

At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That’s why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.

Subscribe now                                                                                                                                                                                                              0003821-bd7aac27421dc8afd40a00de125eda26.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005552 00000000000 015353  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.

Israel on Thursday lodged an official complaint with the United Nations about the rocket fire into southern Israel from the Gaza Strip over the past several days.



Ambassador to the UN Ron Prosor complained to UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon that “the lives of about a million Israelis are paralyzed” by the projectiles.

Three rockets were fired into Israel on Thursday night, one of which was intercepted by the Iron Dome rocket-defense system. They marked the first such attacks since early Thursday morning when seven missiles hit Israel, in addition to one that was intercepted by the Iron Dome near Ashkelon. The IDF said that 130 rockets were fired into Israel since Monday.Prosor stated that “as long as Israel’s southern communities will not know quiet, it will not be quiet in Gaza.”He added that Israel fully cooperates with the UN, allowing civilian material and humanitarian aid into Gaza, “and in exchange weapons continue to flow into the Strip and rockets are fired into Israel.”On Thursday afternoon, the IDF raised the level of alert along the Egyptian border and ordered residents of communities located near Sinai to remain in their homes and lock their doors. Rapid response teams hurried to the towns and the army reinforced nearby forces out of concern that terrorists were planning another attack from the Sinai Peninsula.By the evening, the IDF lowered the level of alert but kept Road 12 – along the border – closed due to a general concern over attacks.On Wednesday, the air force attacked a motorbike in Rafah, seriously wounding a top global jihad operative who the army said was planning another assault on Israel from Sinai.Also on Thursday, the IDF said that it had noticed an increase in the use of cellular phones to detonate roadside bombs in the West Bank. The use of phones, the military said, had declined in recent years but suddenly picked up again in late 2011. The IDF said it also noticed an improvement in the camouflage used to hide the bombs.The most recent attack with cellular detonation was in April, when a bomb exploded next to an IDF vehicle close to Yatta, south of Hebron.No one was injured. Last week, two residents of Yatta were indicted for manufacturing bombs and planting them in the Hebron area.

Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>



                                                                                                                                                      0003957-95e51056e911887703514415fc8d9d10.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011315 00000000000 014467  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        I review a few dozen speakers each year, and listen to a bunch more. Most are pretty decent, a few are dreadful, and fewer still are truly remarkable. This year the ELAC Debut B6 bookshelf and Magnepan .7 panel speakers topped my list as terrific values, but the Harbeth 40.2 is the one I'll remember 10 years from now. It's that good.

I favorably reviewed Harbeth's Super HL5Plus speakers earlier this year, so when the US importer Fidelis AV offered the new Harbeth 40.2 top-of-the-line speaker for review, I jumped at the chance. The 40.2 is unabashedly big, it's 29.5 x 17 x 15.3 inches (750 x 432 x 388mm), and weighs a rather substantial 83.8 pounds (38 kg). The speaker has twin bass ports on its front baffle, and all-metal cable binding posts on its backside.

It's big for a reason, there's no way a smaller speaker could present music's unrestrained dynamics, scale and power that come so easily from the 40.2. That's why I couldn't resist playing the 40.2s louder than usual, they sounded better and better the louder I played them.

Jim Holden

When I chatted with Harbeth's owner and designer Alan Shaw, he told me his biggest export market is Japan. I was taken aback by that factoid, Japanese homes are usually rather small, but those guys love the big Harbeth speakers. Japanese audiophiles are also among the world's most demanding of build and sound quality, and the fact that Harbeth does so well there says a lot about the company. The 40.2 speakers sell for $14,990 per pair in Cherry in the US, $15,990 for Rosewood, Eucalyptus and Tiger Ebony 40.2s. My samples' real Rosewood finish was impeccable. UK prices start at £9,995 and AU$21,190 in Australia.

Behind its removable black cloth grille the 40.2's front baffle hosts a 12-inch (300 mm) Radial woofer, 8-inch (200 mm) Radial midrange, and 1-inch (25 mm) soft dome tweeter. The woofer and midrange drivers are proprietary designs, made in Harbeth's factory in Sussex, England (the tweeter is made by SEAS in Europe). The 40.2's impedance is listed as 6-8 ohms. I used Resonant Woods 16 inch (406mm) tall floor stands with the speakers.

Shaw's top priority for all of his speakers is proper reproduction of the sound of the human voice. Seems straightforward, but a lot of otherwise excellent speakers either add too much "chest" that makes voices sound deeper than they really are, or thinner than they do in real life. So when I played Rosanne Cash's "10 Song Demo" CD, the 40.2 brought new life to the sound of her voice and guitar. I've played this music on hundreds of speakers over the years, but the 40.2 was the most lifelike. Most speakers shrink, contain and limit the sound of singers, at least that's what I felt after spending time with the 40.2.

I can't say the sound was perfect when I first set the speakers up, I found the 40.2s rather finicky about placement: the distance from the wall behind them, from me and from each other. I spent weeks moving them to and fro, before I found the best spots in my room. I put tape marks on the floor to mark each position, before I settled on their final resting places.

I used my Pass XP-20 preamp, Pass XA100.5 power amp, dCS Puccini CD player, and VPI Classic turntable for most of my listening tests. I also substituted a VPI 299D tube integrated amp (review in the works) for the Pass amps a few times, and felt the 40.2 speakers also worked quite well with tube electronics.

Listening to Miles Davis playing trumpet, I'm noticing more of the way he plays his horn, his breath, his dynamics and the way he holds onto some notes. With the 40.2 speakers, I'm hearing a lot deeper into Davis' music. There was more soul-stirring life to the sound of his music, that's what really grabbed me.

With "Punk 45: Extermination Nights In the Sixth City," a collection of Cleveland-based punk tunes from the mid-1970s to mid-1980s, amply demonstrated the 40.2s' stamina when cranked nice and loud. The onslaught of raucous guitars, gutsy bass and impassioned vocals plastered a big, fat smile on my face.

Picasa

Late in the review process I hooked up the VPI 299D tube integrated amp to the 40.2 speakers. The sound from this 38 watt per channel amp was even more vivid and sensually developed than the solid-state amps. The sound really moved something in me, I was enjoying the sound so much it was hard to stop listening. Familiar recordings all sounded better than I thought they were.

Summing up: The Harbeth 40.2's effortless treble clarity, full-bodied midrange, as well as its robust, visceral and finely tuned bass are all magnificent. The 40.2 speakers are expensive, but the best stuff always is. I won't soon forget the 40.2 speakers' sound, but I've felt that way about all of the other, less expensive Harbeths I've tested, including the terrific little P3ESR.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003936-565ef66dc150cb7efa25fa5170cb609a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003725 00000000000 015252  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Healthy aging is accompanied by a decline in spatial working memory that is related to functional cerebral changes within the spatial working memory network. In the last decade, important findings were presented concerning the location (e.g., prefrontal), kind (e.g., ‘underactivation,’ ‘overactivation’), and meaning (e.g., functional deficits, compensation) of these changes. Less is known about how functional connections between specific brain regions are affected by age and how these changes are related to behavioral performance. To address these issues, we used functional magnetic resonance imaging to examine retrieval-related brain activation and functional connectivity in 18 younger individuals and 18 older individuals. We assessed working memory with a modified version of the Corsi Block-Tapping test, which requires the storage and reproduction of spatial target sequences. Analyses of group differences in brain activation and functional connectivity included comparisons between younger individuals, older individuals, older high-performers, and older low-performers. In addition, we conducted a functional connectivity analysis by using a seed region approach. In comparison to younger individuals, older individuals showed lower right-hemispheric dorsolateral prefrontal activation and lower functional connectivity between the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and the bilateral orbitofrontal cortex. Older high-performers showed higher right dorsolateral and anterior prefrontal cortex activation than older low-performers, as well as higher functional connectivity between these brain regions. The present results suggest age-related reductions of prefrontal activation during spatial working memory retrieval. Moreover, task-related functional connectivity appears to be lower in older adults. Performance accuracy in older adults is associated with right dorsolateral and anterior prefrontal cortex activation, and with the functional connection between these regions.                                           0003935-5b971d4b786a1f963373d3392b5db63d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004260 00000000000 014765  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Many of us have assumed that the relative media silence over the ongoing genocide of pygmies in Africa is due to a desire to avoid, whenever possible, depicting black Africans in a negative light. While there is definitely some truth to this, there might be another, more sinister, motivation behind this neglect.

The leftist establishment assumes, as a matter of faith, that race is not a meaningful biological concept. That racial differences are superficial. Mathilda writes (in a comment):



http://216.239.59.104/search?q=cache:8YUaBabaYWIJ:genomebiology.com/2002/3/7/comment/2007+neil+risch+race+skin+deep&hl=en&ct=clnk&cd=2&gl=uk And other world renowned geneticists and physical anthropoligists are behind race as a valid descriptive term. It’s about a 50-50 split. Look up Niell Risch.

The pro-race ones aren’t as noisy though, as people like you automatically have a hissy if someone observes one of the many racial non-cosmetic differences between human poopulations. Such as…



http://www.newscientist.com/blog/shortsharpscience/2007/03/black-and-asian-babies-at-increased.html

Age of menopause

Height

Lung capacity

Life span

Muscle and bone density Pregnancy duration.Age of menopauseHeightLung capacityLife spanMuscle and bone density



http://www.physorg.com/news117456722.html To name but a few. If you don’t believe me, have a root through this blog. Pygmies hit the menopause at 24, I’d hardly call that ‘no difference’. They are geriatric in their fifties. They seem to age nearly twice as fast as average humans.



http://www.usatoday.com/news/health/2007-09-03-dna-differences_N.htm We are 99% the same as each other (revised by Venter recently). Not the 99.9% the same you see touted about so often.

This is a fair amount of differences, as we are 98.4% the same as a chimp, so a small amount of DNA can make a lot of difference. Contrary to what is commonly reported in thn Media, we are not ‘unusually closely related’ to each other compared to other mammals. We are fairly average.

BTW, the 4% variation in human only DNA that defines us as races… in other species the same amount can easily define a new species, let alone a sub species. Read up on Chichlid fishes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0003316-84ccc1a33b6093611e1650304cd3e5b4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014765 00000000000 014727  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Keeping It Simple

Brad Bollenbach Blocked Unblock Follow Following Mar 17, 2008

Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.



— Leonardo da Vinci

I need every word I write.

The titles of my articles are descriptive but unflashy. I strive for short sentences. I formulate simple concepts, act on their hint, and document my experiences in the hopes of inspiring others. I use technology as an instrument of reach, rather than as an intellectual stairmaster. I’m a preacher of straightforward ideas because straightforward ideas kick ass.

My mission in life is to pursue personal growth and to help others grow. My business plan is: 1. Create high-quality content. 2. Tell people about it. 3. Profit.

My path to personal growth is shaped in large part by one tightly-guarded secret: Keeping Things Simple. This isn’t a secret because no one knows about it; it’s a secret because you can scream “Keep it simple!” as loud as you want and no one will hear you.

Simple Is Hard

Simple isn’t easy. Easy means achieved without great effort. Simple means easily understood. I can bang out a complicated article in half the time it takes me to produce a simple one. I never had to learn how to build convoluted software either — it was a natural talent, you might say — but I did have to make a conscious effort to build stuff that didn’t hurt.

But why is simple so hard? How do you start out wanting to build a text editor and end up building an entire operating system instead? Why do guys spend thousands of dollars on ebooks and workshops that promise to teach them the secrets of meeting women instead of taking the direct, cost-free, and equally rejection-prone route of just walking up and saying hi?

In my experience, there are two primary reasons why we overcomplicate things. The first is a loss of focus. When you lose touch with why you’re doing what you’re doing, you inadvertently sentence yourself to trivial pursuits. As a software developer, I see this all the time with frameworks, particularly frameworks that were created out of thin air instead of extracted from working applications. Using them is like going to church: you pray to a higher power to help you make it through the day, you beg forgiveness for your sins, and they keep pestering you for donations. The tagline for software built from these foundations usually ends with “…but the code is really good.”

Whether you’re creating a product, working on expanding your social life, or trying to find a better job, avoiding the thorns of distraction involves regularly asking yourself these questions:

What’s my goal?

How will I know when I’ve achieved it?

How am I measuring my progress?

How well is my current approach working?

It also helps to write down your goals when you set them. Not only does recording your dreams help you flesh out your desired outcome, it also helps remind you of your original intent.

Complexity and the Ego

The other major reason we flock to complexity is a problem of a very different nature, that requires a completely different solution. It’s rooted in our psychology. It comes from the imperial nature of the human ego.

The ego’s primary lubricant can be summed up in one word: More. 10 features are better than 1. 1000 lines of code is better than 100. $500,000/year is better than $100,000/year. Big is better than small. To the ego, Less is kryptonite.

Making things more difficult than they need to be can also be induced by fear. Our ego relies on fear to protect itself and complexity is a great place to hide. Saying hi to a girl is an incredibly simple and direct way to improve your success with women, but the range of potential negative responses could pose a serious threat to who you think you are. A much easier path for the ego to follow is to read about approaching women instead of actually doing it. Not only does this remove the possibility of embarrassing social fumbles, it also quenches the ego’s thirst for more. If you’ve read five seduction ebooks, you’re obviously better off than if you’d only read one.

Of course, all that information is just a diversion. You end up realizing that no matter how much you read about meeting women instead of actually meeting women, the terror of rejection still remains. And no matter what you do, your first several dozen, maybe even several hundred approaches will be as painful as they are instructive.

Dealing with the ego is a complex subject, which I’ve already written much about. To learn more, try these articles:

Reading in itself is obviously not a bad thing. Losing yourself in unnecessary details to avoid doing what you already know needs to be done is a bad thing.

Prioritize Simple Solutions

Of the four major social media websites (Digg, StumbleUpon, reddit, and del.icio.us), I’ve done pretty well on three of them. The final frontier for me was Digg. If you read about how to get attention from these websites, you’ll see people saying you have to create an account, vote up and comment on articles that other users submit, add everyone who votes up your content to your friends list, and so on.

But my goal with 30 sleeps is to write content that changes people’s lives, not to be a social media power user. To increase my presence on Digg, I asked myself “What’s the simplest way to get on the Digg front page?” I came up with the following algorithm:

Write great content. Visit the front page of the relevant section on Digg. Lifestyle/Education, in my case. Find out who’s submitting content that makes the front page of that section. Contact them directly, with links to my best articles.

I found a few such power users who provided their email address in their profile, and specifically said that they’re hungry for interesting links. I contacted each one directly. I made it clear that I don’t spend a lot of time on Digg, but that I do spend a lot of time writing content dealing with personal growth, and provided them with links to some of my best work.

I did this only a few days ago. The results were amazing. My article on information addiction got submitted and was dugg 135 times. That wasn’t quite enough to push it to the front page, but the article got far more attention than anything I’d tried before. (By the way, if you have a Digg account and liked that article, your votes would be greatly appreciated.)

Remember step #2 of the business plan I described earlier? It really is that basic. The more complex your strategy for achieving your goals, the more you’ll slow yourself down. The simplest thing that can possibly work often does.           0003931-80650dc2177e35eed77aa2f9ccd27d72.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006605 00000000000 015200  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In fashion as in life, Kristen Stewart has always challenged gender norms with her androgynous beauty – which makes her the perfect face of Chanel's new fragrance, Gabrielle, inspired by the legendary founder of the couture house. But she is also very much her own woman, as independent-spirited when it comes to fame and feminism as she has been in facing down Donald Trump.

Kristen wears Chanel on the newsstand cover

Read highlights from the interview below:

On being in love:

"I've been deeply in love with everyone I've dated. Did you think I was faking it? I've always really embraced a duality. And really, truly, believed in it and never felt confused or struggling. I just didn't like getting made fun of."

On dating men again:

"Yeah, totally. Definitely… Some people aren't like that. Some people know that they like grilled cheese and they'll eat it every day for the rest of their lives. I want to try everything. If I have grilled cheese once I'm like, 'That was cool, what's next?'"

Kristen with then-boyfriend Robert Pattinson in 2011, and with current girlfriend Stella Maxwell in June 2017. Getty Images

On fame:

"Fame is valued quite ridiculously. So then there's this idea that you're beholden in some way, and I resent that. And it comes across like I'm ungrateful or something but, actually, I just find it weird to talk to the general public as a whole. Like, you can relate to a person, you can relate to an individual, but addressing the world at large is something that just perplexes me."

On whether she suffers from 'Resting Bitch Face':

"Completely. I'm really not introverted - I'm just not acting all the time, which is what it would take to look like how people expect famous people to behave."

"Men cannot say bitch anymore, I'm sorry. Say something different. Say, 'You're rude,' say, 'You're a dick,' whatever. Just to say, 'Oh that bitch.' You can't say that because there's nothing I could say to you, there's no retort that would be equal to that, therefore it's demeaning and literally on par with... something homophobic or something racist."

On life as a woman in the United States, post Trump:

"It's obviously terrible what's happening but at the same time, it feels good to be part of a wider female community that is finally standing up for itself. I've never felt such a strong sense of community. So it's brought us together. The catalyst for this is regrettable, obviously, it's shitty. But at the same time I think that you need something to stir things up in order to get people to come together and define their opinions and force them to be heard."

Kristen wears Chanel, photographed by Tom Craig

On her tomboy style:

She used to dress as "a total tomboy" and it was only at school that she realised it was "not the most normal thing. Not all little girls are that way. And it actually really hurt my feelings, like badly. Like, I remember being in the sixth grade [aged 11] and [people would say] 'Kristen looks like a man. You're a boy', or whatever, and I was so offended, horrified and embarrassed. Now I look back on it and I'm like, 'Girl, be proud of that!'"

Everything shifted when Stewart hit puberty and grew her hair long. Suddenly she was accepted as one of the pretty girls "and I was like, 'Fuck all of you!'"

Watch below as Kristen explores Coco Chanel's apartment following her cover shoot:

The September issue of Harper's Bazaar is available on newsstands from 4 August.                                                                                                                           0003844-34a049f324f497a645f48e73fccb36f0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003070 00000000000 015041  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Posted: March 26, 2014 by Armando Orozco

Last updated: March 31, 2016

Coin mining is a key component for digital currencies like Bitcoin and Dogecoin. The mining creates new coins and helps keep them secure.

Malware authors have targeted the cryptocurrencies from different angles and one way is distributing ‘miners’ to unsuspecting users.

Android has had some reported occurrences of coin miners being distributed outside Google’s Play Store, but now some have managed to make their way in.

Security Company Trend Micro has uncovered two apps containing code to mine Dogecoin, together having more than one million installs.

The apps aren’t described as coin miners but as a song manager and shopping app.

Coin mining is resource intensive, so running on a mobile device could drain a battery quickly. The developers of these apps are aware of this and built-in functionality for the mining to take place when the device is charging.

Trend Micro reported these apps to Google and at this time they are still available in the Play Store.

It would be interesting to hear Google’s stance on these apps, I would think coin mining is acceptable, but failing to mention the mining behaviors isn’t.

One of the apps, Songs, has already updated and removed the mining code. Although they’re removed the code, I would not trust this app or developer. They could easily update again reintroducing the code.

Malwarebytes Anti-Malware Mobile detects Android/Trojan.BitCoinMiner.p. Although, they don’t have the traditional Trojan behaviors, functionality is hidden from users.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0003998-e2bd5b7e6469696a24dab14a76b466c3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006760 00000000000 015137  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        November 6, 2013 By Mark Jaquith

Amazon Verified Purchase

9392 out of 9650 found this helpful

I gingerly climbed on top of the plastic contraption now ringing my porcelain throne. It soon became apparent that I couldn't keep my britches at my ankles as I normally did. No, they had to go entirely, along with my underthings. And if there is anything more ridiculous on this planet than the sight of a human man wearing a t-shirt and nothing else, I have yet to experience it. So in the interest of saving myself this unfortunate view, I doffed the shirt as well. Now entirely naked, I again attempted to step onto the device. I was unsure, but it seemed to hold. I settled down to the seat, with only the extremities of my posterior touching. My knees were up at my chest. This, plus my complete nakedness, felt very primal. It felt third-world and adventurous. It felt... RIGHT. I concentrated on the task at hand. I had felt a slight urge to go, and had been eager to try out the new purchase. I had been intrigued by the promise that my business would henceforth require substantially less effort on my part, because of the wild beast–man position it forced upon me. But I was still skeptical. It sounded too good to be true. Surely the difference couldn't be that dras— HOLY HELL I'M POOPING.



Well, let me clarify. It wasn’t so much that I was dropping a deuce. Oh, it was being dropped; that much was undeniable. But I couldn't really claim agency on said descent. Gravity was doing the work. I was merely the meaty husk from which it made its hasty escape. Used to more of a segmented approach to waste disposal, I was quite surprised that the creature making its egress from my nethers had more the appearance of a python. Smooth, and consistent in width, it coiled luxuriously in a pool of toilet water that is (or at least was) cleaner than the water that most of the people on this planet drink. As it continued to coil, my emotional state flowed from one of surprise, to horror, to amazement, and then again to horror as the snake coiled higher and higher, like soft serve ice cream at an all-you-can-eat Chinese buffet. It was now surfacing above the water line. But still, the snake showed no signs that it was anywhere near finished with its journey. In a panic, I pawed at the flusher. The poor toilet strained, but eventually sent things on their way. But I wasn’t done yet. As the toilet flushed the waste away, more came to replace it. As the flush subsided, the coil started anew. And then I was done. I tried to catch my breath as the toilet flushed a second time. I felt my liver shift and expand, unsure what to do with all the extra space now afforded to it. I cleaned up and stood, almost dizzy after the affair. “Wow. A+++”, I thought to myself. “Would poop again.”



“Very well,” my bowels seemed to answer, “let’s have another go!”



“Surely you’re joking”, I thought, scrambling to once again work myself into proper Tarzanic stance. There couldn’t possibly be anything left inside of me. I genuinely began to worry that what would come out next might be some vital organ, brought to a freedom-seeking frenzy by all the commotion. But no, it was yet another perfectly formed tube of human excrement. I sat, mouth agape, as number two (round two) breached the water line and came to a graceful finish, leaving an improbable conical shape below me. As I flushed the toilet for the third time in what had astoundingly only been about 70 seconds I wondered if life would ever be the same again.

Search                0003801-3de3ff853b6fb0403ae5e95c09cfa7f4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014307 00000000000 015332  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has slammed the ABC, accusing the national broadcaster of breaching their own code of practice.

Assange said he should have been asked for a response to comments made about him by Hillary Clinton during an interview which aired in Australia on Monday.

The WikiLeaks founder's criticism comes as Four Corners interviewer Sarah Ferguson revealed on radio she thought Hillary Clinton 'has been through enough'.

Scroll down for video

WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange (pictured) has slammed the ABC, accusing the national broadcaster of breaching their own code of practice

Assange said he should have been asked for a response to comments made about him by Hillary Clinton (pictured) during an interview which aired in Australia on Monday

In response to a retweet (pictured) by Four Corners producer Sally Neighbour, Assange said it was 'pathetic' and showed the 'extreme unprofessionality' of the ABC

'A sad day for Four Corners,' Assange told Daily Mail Australia, 'WikiLeaks has a pristine record for accuracy. Clinton stands alone in suggesting otherwise.'

'There was no push back on Clinton's ridiculous conspiracy theories or use of weasel words. The single greatest contributor to Clinton's downfall was not brought up: her strategy to elevate Donald Trump. We were not contacted to rebut.'

After first attacking Clinton for calling him a 'tool of Russian intelligence' and a 'nihilistic opportunist', Assange then took aim at the taypayer-funded broadcaster.

In response to a retweet by Four Corners producer Sally Neighbour, Assange said it was 'pathetic' and showed the 'extreme unprofessionality' of the ABC.

The retweet, since deleted, was a link to the Four Corners interview captioned 'Assange is Putins (sic) b****. We all know it!'

Assange cited the ABC's own code of practice, which states: 'Where allegations are made about a person or organisation, make reasonable efforts in the circumstances to provide a fair opportunity to respond.'

After first attacking Clinton for calling him a 'tool of Russian intelligence' and a 'nihilistic opportunist', Assange then took aim at the taypayer-funded broadcaster (pictured is Four Corners producer Sally Neighbour)

Describing himself as an 'Australian political refugee', Assange first hit back at Clinton's claims in the interview.

He called Clinton a 'notorious liar' and her statements 'defamatory', disputing her claims about the timing of WikiLeaks releases during the election.

Interviewer Sarah Ferguson appeared on radio on Monday, where she revealed she deliberately avoided asking Hillary about Bill Clinton.

'I reckon she's been through enough,' she said when asked whether the pair discussed Bill Clinton's infidelity by Jonesy and Amanda on WSFM.

'You know it's a very interesting relationship. It's a very interesting marriage, but I don't think every time she sits in a chair she needs to be asked about her husband.'

Interviewer Sarah Ferguson (pictured) appeared on radio on Monday, where she revealed she deliberately avoided asking Hillary about Bill Clinton

Earlier in the interview Ms Ferguson mentioned Bill's opposition to her recent book What Happened, and his desire to change her schedule at the end of her campaign.

Ms Ferguson was then asked whether she raised those issues with Hillary Clinton, or whether she mentioned Bill's cheating.

Former Labor leader Mark Latham said Ms Ferguson's refusal to ask Clinton about her husband is evidence of left wing bias at the broadcaster.

'This interview with the far left journalist Sarah Ferguson tells you everything you need to know about the fake news media and the massive decline in journalistic ethics,' said Mr Latham.

In response to a retweet by Four Corners producer Sally Neighbour, Assange said it was 'pathetic' and showed the 'extreme unprofessionality' of the ABC (pictured)

Assange cited the ABC's own code of practice, which states: 'Where allegations are made about a person or organisation, make reasonable efforts in the circumstances to provide a fair opportunity to respond' (pictured)

In response to Assange's remarks on social media, Ms Neighbour called the offensive tweet 'a mistake, since undone' and offered him full right of reply.

'We're not going to reward the ABC for breaching its own code of conduct,' said Assange.

'It's a typical yellow journalism tactic to defame someone who won't give you an interview -- then to offer them a 'right of reply'.'

Ms Neighbour then claimed an interview request was made on September 19, to which Assange said that request was not an opportunity for right of reply.

Assange has been living in the Ecuadorian embassy in London since 2012, and has been a vocal critic of Hillary Clinton.

In response to Assange's remarks on social media, Ms Neighbour called the offensive tweet 'a mistake, since undone' and offered him full right of reply (pictured)

After the Four Corners interview aired Assange tweeted a link to it captioned: 'There's something wrong with Hillary Clinton'.

'It is not just her constant lying. It is not just that she throws off menacing glares and seethes thwarted entitlement'.

'Something much darker rides along with it. A cold creepiness rarely seen' he said.

WikiLeaks released emails and documents from the Democratic National Committee during the 2016 US presidential election.

Assange has consistently denied accusations the releases were made on behalf of the Russian government, and has said the Russians were not the source of the leaks.

Ms Neighbour then claimed an interview request was made on September 19, to which Assange said that request was not an opportunity for right of reply (pictured)

Clinton has claimed WikiLeaks has never released anything about Russia, but Assange claims his organisation has published hundreds of thousands of documents pertaining to that nation.

An ABC spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia: 'As Sally Neighbour stated on Twitter straight away, the retweet was a mistake and quickly undone.

'The program contacted Julian Assange regarding an interview well in advance, and the offer remains open.

'Hillary Clinton has spoken a lot about issues relating to her marriage over the past decades — Sarah Ferguson had a lot of fresh ground to cover in her interview, which was more relevant to the news cycle.'                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0003906-96d514022b6bb9d716a995764770e731.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013670 00000000000 014552  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Too many of us have forgotten the lessons of the Cold War.

Headlines about “the end of the republic” litter political commentary across the political landscape. They usually mark the beginning of a discussion of the merits of Donald Trump as president of the United States, but his ascendency is not the leading sign of a collapse of American society. For that, see a recent poll indicating a tectonic shift occurring in the political preferences of U.S. adults. When you consider current trends in cultural norms and widely held beliefs, you will see that we are headed toward the end of the American experiment.

Advertisement

Advertisement

The American Culture and Faith Institute recently conducted a survey of adults 18 and older. It shows not only how deeply divided Americans are on some issues but also how their view of the nation stands in many cases in stark contrast to our nation’s founding principles. Most Americans (58 percent) see themselves as politically moderate, while a quarter identify as conservative, and 17 percent as liberal. Those who were both socially and fiscally conservative, the group tracked by the ACFI in greatest detail, were 6 percent of the population.

But those differences don’t reveal the greatest divide and danger to America’s future. “The most alarming result, according to [George] Barna, was that four out of every ten adults say they prefer socialism to capitalism,” the ACFI noted in its commentary on the poll. “That is a large minority,” Barna said, “and it includes a majority of the liberals — who will be pushing for a completely different economic model to dominate our nation. That is the stuff of civil wars. It ought to set off alarm bells among more traditionally-oriented leaders across the nation.’” That 40 percent of Americans now prefer socialism to capitalism could spell major change to the policies advanced by legislators and political leaders and to the interpretations of judges ruling on the application of new and pre-existing laws.

Advertisement

How did we get here? The popularity of Bernie Sanders, whose 2016 presidential campaign was marked by an altruistic spirit and a consistent value system, is of course not the cause of this movement in public opinion but rather an indicator of it. Many Americans have forgotten the lessons of the Cold War and the disasters witnessed in the crumbling economies and failed polities of Communist and socialist countries in the 1990s. Communism was on its last leg, it appeared, and its little brother socialism was not far behind.

Little did we know that the fires of socialism were being stoked in corners all across America where it is held in higher regard than in nations that have suffered under it. It is obvious where such thinking abounds and continues to spread: in our colleges and universities. The ideologies of professors and educators have proven stronger than facts: The “benefits” of socialism and Communism are taught from the Ivy League to the local community college. A generation has been taught a lie, and they now believe it.

Advertisement

Advertisement

Americans who believe in limited government, welfare reform, and states’ rights should look over their shoulder and realize that a dangerous ideology is gaining ground. A crowd that you thought history had left behind is growing. It prefers an America that would look drastically different from what it has been from its founding through the present day.

One reason that such a dangerous political construct has advanced is that left-leaning activists have hijacked terms of the debate and muddied the popular understanding of political language. Consider that more than 80 percent of all respondents to the ACFI poll said they supported traditional values, as did nearly 70 percent of those who identify as liberal, even if in fact they tend to be socially progressive.

Barna described those who in the poll were identified to be liberals. They are

a group among whom three-fourths support same-sex marriage; seven out of ten advocate legalized abortion; a majority want socialism to replace capitalism; and nearly one out of five claim to be LGBT. It’s hard to imagine which ‘traditional moral values’ they are referring to. This oddity does, however, reflect how the ideological Left consistently appropriates language and imputes new meaning to terms that are known and popular. The survey data raise the possibility that liberals may redefine “traditional moral values” to include beliefs and behaviors that are not at all traditional — or moral, from a biblical perspective.

Advertisement

Advertisement

Advertisement

It all depends on what the definition of “values” is.

“Freedom isn’t free” is inscribed on the Korean War Veterans Memorial in Washington, D.C., reminding all who visit of the blood and treasure that has been paid to end tyrannical rule abroad. That America itself may become a socialist country must be abhorrent and foreign to the many who have fought, and to those who still fight, for free markets, traditional values, and capitalist ideals. Conservative and traditionally minded Americans can no longer assume that their neighbor believes what they believe or that he defines the terms of political discourse the same way. The country has changed.

Sadly, Barna is only partially wrong that this divide is the stuff of civil wars. In this case, the civil war is fought not directly and openly, with bullets and bombs, but with an intellectual assault on history and facts — a quiet revolution.

It is time to play both the short and the long game. Now is the time to speak out and educate all who will hear about the history of this nation and the benefits of traditional values, free markets, and capitalism, which, though not perfect, are better than all the alternatives. Those who love this nation and the ideals of our experiment in liberty must counter the gainsayers in academia and the media or they will soon find that America as “one nation under God” is no more.                                                                        0003979-272118ffb7b73fe3286f5caaeec3d5e6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004501 00000000000 015346  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Miami Dolphins center Mike Pouncey was seen on crutches at the funeral of former college teammate Aaron Hernandez on Monday.

According to an NFL source, Pouncey had a stem cell procedure within the past few weeks, but he is not expected to be on crutches for much longer.

Pouncey continues to rehabilitate a hip injury but and another league source indicated there has not been a setback and his recovery is on track.

At the NFL owner’s meetings, coach Adam Gase made it clear there is a plan in place for Pouncey which may include “bubble wrap.”

Pouncey will be protected as needed — meaning preseason practice and even preseason games are not likely a priority — with the only goal to ensure he is eligible to play 16-plus games in 2017.

Mike Pouncey on crutches at Hernandez funeral… 😩 pic.twitter.com/prkyc53Wn8 — Brad Timmons (@PhinsUpMT) April 24, 2017

Gase called Pouncey the team’s best offensive lineman, but the former Florida standout played only five games last season. Still, Gase suggested he believes Pouncey will return to dominant form.

“I’m going to have a lot of confidence, because of who it is,” Gase said. “I’m not going to just turn my back on I think the best center in football. I’ll roll the dice with him for as long as I can because that’s how good he is. That’s how much he means to our organization.”

Due to injuries, including hip surgeries, Pouncey also missed two games in 2013, four games in 2014 and two games in 2015. The Dolphins shut Pouncey down at the end of the last season, when he wanted to play, with a look ahead to this season and more.

Veteran guard Ted Larsen is also capable of playing center. Kraig Urbik and Anthony Steen have also played center for Miami. The Dolphins seem likely to consider drafting a player who can play guard and/or center in the first three rounds of the NFL Draft this Thursday or Friday night.

Why Miami Dolphins lineman Jermon Bushrod wants 11th season

NFL Draft 2017: Miami Dolphins QB Brandon Doughty endorses OL Forrest Lamp

2017 NFL Mock Draft: Palm Beach Post’s Joe Schad | Version 2.0

NFL Draft 2017: Reshad Jones hopes Miami Dolphins go defense

‘Trader’ Mike Tannenbaum open to Miami Dolphins draft-day trades

How many players are on the Miami Dolphins ‘Big Board’?

What Adam Gase told Miami Dolphins in first 2017 meeting                                                                                                                                                                                               0003961-583ee88a5358fe7b76f0f626ef7a4fae.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004724 00000000000 015312  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        November is National Blog Posting Month, so we're celebrating with some of our favorite blogs for the bibliophile. In fact, we've rounded up enough blogs that you could read a different one every day of the month. Get your bookmarks ready. You won't want to miss a single post.

Literary Hub

For literary event reports, a daily literary newsletter, and exciting book excerpts



The Guardian Books Blog

For the best of book takes of the UK and beyond



Largehearted Boy

For the musically-inclined reader



Vol. 1 Brooklyn

For the reader who wants an online literary borough



Electric Literature

For electrifying book lists, op-eds, and more



The Offing

For those who like their reading that "challenges, experiments, provokes"



The Rumpus

For comics, advice, interviews, and pilgrimages to the origin of Dear Sugar

I Love Typography

For the font afficionado



The Scofield

For "dialogue, for nuance, for ambiguity, for negative capability"



Paris Review Daily

For your daily dose of cultural observation



Jacket Copy

For book world news, opinions, and more



Triple Canopy

For triple the thought-provoking



Poets & Writers Theater

For the reader who wants more videos with their books



LRB Blog

For the reader who can't wait two weeks for the next copy of the London Review of Books



Flavorwire Books

For biblio-news and biblio-lists



Bookforum.com

For reviews, "syllabi" of great reads, and more



Page-Turner

For the New Yorker who can't get enough books



The Millions

For essays, reviews, and thoughts on fiction



The Margins

For exploring Asian-American lit



The Review Review

For reviews of literary journals



Lapham's Quarterly Roundtable

For tiding you over between the quarters



Buzzfeed Books

For laugh-out-loud lit GIFs and more



Catapult

For everything from how-tos to community fiction



"How to Tell You're If You're in a Novel"

For bookish laughs



Grammar Girl

For the punctuation perfectionist



Lambda Literary Blog

For literary Pride



Book Cover Archive

For the reader who knows it's what inside that counts but that a pretty exterior never hurt



NYPL Blog

For the Library Lion in all of us



And a few for younger readers:



Read, Breathe, Relax

For YA book reviews and recommendations



Recovering Potter Addict

For all things Harry



Good Comics for Kids

For the kid who likes images with her words



Do you have a favorite bookish, brainy, beautiful blog for readers? Share it with us in the comments section below.                                            0003894-0baccb7b05870ba9471f95dbcfaaa088.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012523 00000000000 015403  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Dave: It started with ulcers on the genitals. Gareth: That is right off the bat a terrible start–and did you just wink at me?

Before I dig (eww) deep on this one, let’s start with the science and stuff. From the Center for Disease Control, here you go–facts and stuff in .html and .pdf. Sorry, no adult coloring books (for now–give me time):

Syphilis:

basic: .pdf download



detailed: .pdf download



images of symptoms (worse than anything in the .js embed, so I double dog dare you)



Also in:

Español (Spanish)

中文 (Chinese)

Kreyòl (Haitian Creole)

Русский (Russian)

Tiẽng Viêt (Vietnamese)

Congenital Syphilis:

basic: pdf download

Also in: Español (Spanish)

My vagina’s dropped! –Gareth

Mine, too, buddy. But we’re not done yet. Clench those Kegels. They really do work.

Four stages of syphilis:

primary secondary latent tertiary

Dig deeper into the Dollop: Tags: STDs, syphilis, gonorrhea, chlamydia

Now. Let’s have a little chitty-chat about what happens when two folks with untreated syphilis have a child. When a mommy and daddy love each other very, very much, something magical happens–

Meet Mr. Earle Nelson. He was born to parents who both had long-term untreated syphilis when he was born–at least one of them had neurosyphilis–and both were so ravaged by The Syph that they were both deceased before Earle turned three. Neurosyphilis is an infection of the brain and/or spinal cord that occurs from long-term untreated syphilis–basically, when chronic latent or tertiary syphilis jumps the gap and crosses the streams.

Plenty of chronically ill parents raise children, and everything turns out okay, you say? That is true, very true. But let’s look at the combined symptoms of neurosyphilis and chronic syphilis, and translate them to a living environment for a child who was certainly also born with congenital syphilis, shall we?

Buckle your seatbelt and grab your dental dams.

*chronic headaches, blindness/vision problems/ hyper-photosensitivity + visual disturbances + psychosis (which certainly may include paranoia) = exceedingly dark home. Think every horror movie that shows a psycho killer’s lair (spoiler alert) with random newspapers or aluminum foil blockading the windows. What do you think limited visual field does to baby’s brain development, congenital syph or no?

*confusion, disorientation, again with the psychosis, sudden personality changes, changes in mental stability (redundant, but I am overemphasizing because o the humanity), dementia, depression, irritability, memory problems, mood disturbances = completely unstable and unpredictable environment. Baby Earle cannot trust that the parent approaching him will behave consistently from moment to moment. Plus, with all these mental processing problems, odds are good that someone is going to forget there even is a baby. Regularly.

*abnormal gait + numbness in toes, feet, legs + fecal and urinary incontinence + muscle weakness + tremors + seizures + neck stiffness = even if the parents are physically able to lift and carry baby Earle—imagine what this looks like to a toddler. HORROR SHOW. He doesn’t have normal movements to model.

Plus, add in all the chancres all over their skin, all the lovely skin rot. That’s a given.

Well, what happened to baby Earle? Well, both parents’ bodies gave out before he turned three, and he was sent to live with his grandmother (where was she with the shit everywhere and the newspaper on the windows what the hell), and they lived happily ever–

GOTCHA.

Grandma was a devout, strict Pentecostal, so Earle’s transition must have been a doozy, and God only knows (amirite) how much of his early childhood and his own syphilis was blamed upon him.

At age ten, he collided with a streetcar–Head Injury City–and, when you add that catastrophic a head injury to a congenitally syphlitic brain, you get ding ding ding! unconscious for six days! SIX.

So, who is this poor Sad Syph Sack who never had a chance?

Earle Leonard Nelson, “the Gorilla Man”, necrophiliac serial killer of at least 22 victims from February 20, 1926–June 9, 1927.

yay.

There’s no happy endings with syphilis. Wear a fucking condom.

My favorite true crime historian, Harold Schechter, wrote a splendid book about the Gorilla Man and his 14 months of horror: Bestial: The Savage Trail of a True American Monster.

But wait, there’s more:

Treatment of syphilis in early modern Europe:

…understanding of cause necessarily affects treatment.

Translation: hang on to your tits, there’s about to be some bloodletting and mercury rubbing.

Don’t say it out loud or Quentin Tarantino will make it into a movie. –Dave

And…This is, of course, going to be a two-parter. I have to cover war propaganda and wartime medicine, Al Capone, more social injustice…and I have to go in deeper and rant and rave about the human experimentation, especially at Tuskegee. But that day is not today, my loves. For now, I don’t have enough oomph left (stupid immune system) for the ragey typing, and I have just typed syphilis and syph enough for one day don’cha think?

Band names from this episode:

The Blame Game: first hit, “Pure Woman, Spotless Children, Happy Man”

Absent Genital Box

Syphillis Fembots

Weapons of Sexism

Hairy Canteen and the Towel Theory

Gravy Bag

Social Evil Hospital

Genital Gestapo

Cultural references from this episode:                                                                                                                                                                             0003798-dc876554a10ff70527bc095021fd9362.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006247 00000000000 014707  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Drivers have called for Supercars to change the Safety Car restart procedure following the high profile incident in Race 17 at Sydney Motorsport Park.

The regulations were thrust into the spotlight when a contentious restart triggered contact between Shane van Gisbergen and Scott McLaughlin, which then led to the latter turning around the Red Bull driver at Turn 2.

A host of drivers believe the incident should prompt the championship to make changes to the rules.

Current regulations state that, although overtaking is not permitted before the control line, drivers can overlap once past the apex of the final turn and the green flag is displayed.

However, with a long approach to pit lane, and the late withdrawal of the Safety Car at Sydney Motorsport Park, the race leader was unable to accelerate out of the final corner.

“We had all that drama yesterday and did exactly the same thing on Sunday. The leader couldn’t go at the last corner,” said Sunday race winner Jamie Whincup.

“I don’t know why they didn’t just let (the Safety Car) go.

“We had this issue two or three years ago and learned from that. And I feel we would have learned from yesterday but we’ve made the same mistake

“The issue is letting us go early.”

The feeling was echoed by team-mate van Gisbergen, who copped a 33-second penalty for overlapping before the green flags were displayed, prior to contact with McLaughlin in Race 17.

“I think we can do a better job as a series for that,” van Gisbergen added.

“Our rules are really good when it is done right, but when it’s bad and there’s overlap, it’s just things can be better.

“We knew we were going green that lap but they still held the Safety Car until well after the last sector started. It could have been a little better, especially after seeing what it caused the day before.”

David Reynolds was among the victims of Race 17, Turn 2 melee triggered by the Safety Car restart.

The Erebus Motorsport driver believes the overlapping rule should be scrapped altogether, simplifying the process and thereby reducing the risk of a similar incident in future.

“When the Safety Car was released, the overlapping, technically you’re not allowed to pass but overlapping is passing,” Reynolds told Speedcafe.com.

“There should be no overlapping, no passing until the control line; then that eliminates all that.

“Once again, very confused just on the rules.”

It’s a sentiment shared by Nissan Motorsport’s Michael Caruso, who believes Supercars needs to amend the rule sooner rather than later.

“I think sometimes we just try to overcomplicate our rulebook,” Caruso told Speedcafe.com.

“I mean, we’ve all been racing forever, why allow the overlap before the start finish line?

“At the end of the day you have a Safety Car because there’s an accident or what have you on the track.

“I think let’s just get the race going again and let everybody race it out, rather than everybody’s focussing on what they’re doing coming out of the last corner.

“You see it the last few times with cars fanning out. It doesn’t look good.

“There’s going to be a big accident one day, and for what; for a Safety Car restart.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0003933-f1a9d9dd5e75ef2320fb2a5b1e995625.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002413 00000000000 015176  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The latest victim of Deflategate? A New York City courtroom sketch artist named Jane Rosenberg. Her rendering of the Tom Brady/NFL hearing (see above) went viral earlier on Wednesday -- and not in a good way.

When VICE Sports reached Rosenberg for comment, she was apologetic: "Tell Tom Brady I'm sorry. He's a very good looking guy, and if I didn't make him look good enough, I'll try harder next time."

But in an interview with The Boston Globe, Rosenberg was a bit more direct: "I don't tend to flatter people and make them look beautiful," adding that Brady was often checking his cell phone during the hearing. "He hardly looked up at all."

Courtesy Jane Rosenberg

More from Rosenberg's interview with VICE: "I'm working very quickly. Obviously I have a lot of pressure on me, and it's time pressure. It's lucky if I have a few minutes. So I'm just trying to grab onto something, just as quick as I can. Now, this Tom Brady thing, I did this whole wide shot with a million people in it. And everybody's focusing on that one little fraction of the whole picture, of Tom Brady."

All fair points.

Now we await a potential sketch encore, as Brady & Co. will be back in court on Aug. 19. Rosenberg would be wise to call in sick, lest she get engulfed by #deflategatetwitter once again.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0003832-196933f334abc5e8f3d784694c902c1c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011401 00000000000 014756  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        V for Vendetta, a thriller film produced in 2005 about a near-future dystopian society, previously censored in China, was aired on China Central Television Station (CCTV) Channel Six on December 14, 2012. Many people are surprised by the screening, in particular the mask of V, which has been used by activists all over the world as a symbol of resistance against government oppression.

Screening of a politically charged film

This video uploaded by youtube user loveforchina is an example showing how activists have made use of the film to protest against the human rights situation in China:

That's why CCTV's gesture soon became a hot topic online on Chinese micro-blogging platform Sina Weibo. A huati [zh], topical discussion, was even set up on the platform, which soon had more than 3469 conversation threads.

Trumpet Micro News (喇叭微新聞's highlights [zh] this popular discussion thread:

NOW！CCTV6正在播出《v字别动队》（又名《V字仇杀队》）。应该算是大陆首播了！

Now! CCTV6 is showing V for Vendetta. This should be the first time the film is on show in mainland China.

The news highlight attracted many to join the conversation:

橐橐：禁播才心里有鬼，放开后发现其实也没什么大不了，也许中国不要中共的领导也不会有什么啦，一切都是猜测。

橐橐：Censorship means that there is a ghost in [the authorities] heart. Once the censorship is lifted, everything is normal. Maybe China does not really need the Chinese Communist Party for leadership, of course this is speculation.

叶孤城蝶恋花：￼知道CCTV6播V确实是激动了半天，感觉天朝还是有希望的，就是没想通怎么要改成个别动队，求解释

叶孤城蝶恋花：I am so excited about CCTV 6's screening of V and feel that there is hope for the Empire after all. But I don't understand why they changed the film title (from V Revenge Killing Squad” V字仇殺隊）to “V Don't Move Team” （V字別動隊 – or V Commando Team) . Can someone explain?

Less censorship in the future?

Apart from the film title, its content had not been edited, as pointed out by the China Digital Times. LosAngels Angel pointed out [zh] that the State Administration of Radio Film and Television (SARF) is directly responsible for the management of CCTV 6's program, that's why the gesture has political implications:

2月14日晚，大陆央视电影频道首次播放了禁片《V字别动队》，该举动引发了了网友们的热议，很多人甚至在怀疑自己的眼睛或者是电影频道的编审们睡过了头。不过，据圈内人介绍，央视电影频道名义上属央视，但该频道播出与制作分离，行政上由国家广电总局负责，

On the evening of December 14, CCTV aired the censored movie, V for Vendetta for the first time. The move has triggered hot discussion among netizens and some found it unbelievable or said that the channel operators had fallen asleep [at the controls]. However, according to the TV circle, the production and management of CCTV's film channel are separate, the SARF is directly responsible for its administration.

Even Global Times, the state controlled media outlet, highlighted netizens’ reactions on their microblog and attracted some critical comments:

南扉：能不能放，不是由老百姓说了算。制度不改革，老百姓只能旁观是明君还是昏君

南扉：Whether the movie can be aired or not is not decided by the people. If there is no reform within the system, people can only comment on whether the king is good or bad.

我愛壹玖捌柒：该上船的早已经上去了，谁还管你电视放什么电影，既然这样，把那部三个小时的《天安门》也放一下吧。

我愛壹玖捌柒：Those who decided to leave have already gone and no one cares what films are put on air. Why not show the three-hour long movie: Tiananmen?

Cupid_Yes：干脆把局域网也开放点？

Cupid_Yes：Why don't you open up the Great Fire Wall (internet filter)?

静静的粉玫瑰：真心希望这是一个好的信号。其实中国一直是一个有深厚文化底蕴的国度，非常怀念春秋战国时期百家争鸣，各种思想家争相涌现的时代。解放思想，文化多元，这个国家才有希望，才会让脚踏实地地人们学会仰望星空。

静静的粉玫瑰：Really hope that this is a good signal. China is a nation with rich culture. I miss the the Spring and Autumn warring states period where there were so many schools of thought competing with each other. A country has hope when it has liberated thought and diverse culture. Only till then people can look at the starry sky peacefully, while staying on solid ground.

Bridge bloggers were quick to pick up the news. Brendon Connelly also found the screening surprising:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0003942-30ab1252a622e59dbaf98584ae6b2507.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007675 00000000000 015034  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Yazidi's wait for medical assistance from doctors at Al-Tun Kopri health centre, located half way between the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk and Arbil (AFP Photo/Safin Hamed)

ALTUN KOPRI (Iraq) (AFP) - The Islamic State (IS) group released more than 200 mostly elderly members of northern Iraq's Yazidi minority Saturday who had been held for months, officials and activists said.

The Yazidis were freed on the front line southwest of the city of Kirkuk and met by Kurdish peshmerga forces who brought them to a health centre in Altun Kopri, on the road to the Kurdish regional capital of Arbil.

"These men and women had been held in Mosul," Khodr Domli, a leading Yazidi rights activist told AFP at the centre. "We already have names for 196 and there could be some more."

"Some are wounded, some have disabilities and many are suffering from mental and psychological problems," he said.

According to officials from Kirkuk and Arbil, the group was moved from Mosul via Hawija and freed at the Khaled entrance to Kirkuk on Saturday.

Dozens of Kurdish doctors and nurses provided emergency care at the Altun Kopri health centre, where Yazidis who had heard the news started to mass at the gates, hoping to be reunited with missing relatives.

"We have dispatched laboratory teams to check their blood, to control for things such as polio and possible contagious diseases," said Saman Barzanji, director general of the Arbil health department.

"Another team is here to handle the people's immediate health needs. We have also deployed ambulance teams to dispatch emergency cases to hospital," he said.

Those freed, some in wheelchairs, others leaning on walking sticks, looked tired and distraught as they waited to give blood samples.

One of them told how they had been moved from one place to another in northern Iraq since being captured in early August.

"It was so hard, not only because of the lack of food but also because I spent so much time worrying," said an old Yazidi man in a rickety wheelchair, wearing a red and white headscarf.





- 'They were a burden' -





IS spearheaded a June offensive that began in Mosul and overran much of Iraq's Sunni Arab heartland north and west of Baghdad, sweeping security forces aside.

After driving south toward Baghdad, IS again turned its attention to the north, pushing Kurdish forces back, killing and capturing thousands of Yazidis and twice besieging others on Mount Sinjar.

Officials told AFP the mass release, the largest of its kind, took them by surprise and said there had been no coordination with IS.

"IS must have decided that they could no longer feed them, look after them. They were a burden," said Domli.

"IS saw that there was no benefit for them in keeping these old people," said Vian Dakhil, a Yazidi member of the Iraqi parliament who made a poignant appeal to the international community for assistance in August.

Days later, US President Barack Obama announced an air campaign and said the threat of a genocide against the Yazidis was one of the main justifications.

Peshmerga and other Iraqi forces, backed by a multinational campaign of air strikes, may have turned the tide against the jihadists.

"The fact that the peshmerga are regaining ground every day must have played a part in the release. IS is under pressure and is having to reorganise constantly," Dakhil told AFP.

Hundreds and possibly thousands of Yazidi women and girls have been forced to marry or been sold into sexual slavery by the jihadists, according to Amnesty International.

Dakhil said she thought around 3,000 women and children were still in IS captivity.

Most of the survivors at the health centre said they had recently been held at the Shallalat resort on the outskirts of Mosul.

A peshmerga officer said one survivor had told him there were 3,070 of them held there before Saturday's mass release.

"He told me he knew the figure because he overheard IS militants mentioning it when discussing the number of meals they had to serve," the officer said.                                                                   0003937-8d0f499332308b556d5738bcca2708cc.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003624 00000000000 014765  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        I originally wanted to recreate the final fight between the Barbatos and Graze Ein from the anime for my first diarama. Didn’t feel like buying the 6th form HG Barbatos but I had the HG Barbatos that came with the Long Distance Booster. Looked into how much model buildings cost (they are expensive) and didn’t want to scratch build them so I went with a forest fight. From there I came up with a concept that had the Graze Ein win the fight by drill kick and thought I would try using a motor to to have it drilling.

Started off with a 16″ x 10″ wood base and used cork board to build up the cliff sides. That was a bad idea since the layers are so thin and cork is not that easy to cut. I’ll definitely go with Styrofoam next time. Added a large sheet of cork to put on the base so i can lift the terrain part and run wires through the base. Forgot to take pics of the final cork cliff layout.

Used plaster cloth to cover the ground and cliff areas. Once that dried, I added rock plaster castings and hid the edges with more plaster cloth. I used the Outcropping, surface and boulder rock molds from woodland scenics.

Once that layer dried I added more plaster to the ground to remove some of the flatness. I used the kits to leave inpressions in the plaster to make my life easier later on.

The Painting

I used woodland scenics leopard spotting technique (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3SfP4RpcDYw) to paint the rocks. Used burnt umber, slate and black for the colors.

Used earth undercoat to paint the rest of the base. This took several layer to get the look I wanted.

The Plants

I masked off the areas that i wanted to keep as dirt and started adding layers of Woodland scenics fine and course turf (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQBDf6vQ_v8)

Removed masking tape and checked the kits to make sure they still fit in the exposed areas.

Once the base layer of grass was down, I added bushes, vines and trees.



                                                                                                            0003952-2b34aec4ee0e6685a53eb881fa6fc7ec.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007241 00000000000 015417  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As an outcome from the continuous hybrid renewable energy research, an innovative outdoor lighting system powered by a shroud-augmented wind turbine and a solar panel was installed in the Kuala Lumpur campus of University of Malaya (UM).

As an outcome from the continuous hybrid renewable energy research, an innovative outdoor lighting system powered by a shroud-augmented wind turbine and a solar panel was installed in the KL campus of University of Malaya (UM). This hybrid green energy system is a compact design that harmoniously integrates a vertical-axis-wind-turbine (VAWT) with the novel omni-direction-guide-vane (ODGV), solar panel and LED lighting system. Consisting of several guide vanes, the ODGV is carefully designed and placed to surround the VAWT for wind power augmentation where the oncoming wind is guided through the ODGV. This will create a venturi effect that increases the wind speed before the wind-stream interacts with the turbine blades. Furthermore, the unique design of the ODGV that shrouds the wind turbine rotor provides a safer and more secure environment for maintenance workers and the public.

Ultimately, the ODGV overcomes the low wind speed challenge in the tropics by guiding and increasing the speed of the wind from all directions radially through the guide-vanes before entering the VAWT at center portion. To harness power from the sun, a photovoltaic panel is mounted on the top surface of the ODGV for solar energy generation. The green energy generated from this wind-solar hybrid system is utilized to power the outdoor lighting system.

The team led by Dr. Chong Wen Tong was awarded a Pre-commercialized Prototype Fund to develop and install the product at suitable locations in the campus. The fund was provided by UM via UM Center of Innovation and Commercialization (UMCIC). The first unit was installed next to the outdoor gymnasium, opposite 1st Residential College. This unit will serve as the first full-scale trial and as a showcase unit of the product. Improvements on the design and features will be included in the next units. For the commercialization of this product, a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) has been signed between UM and a private company, Master Shanghai Turnparts Sdn. Bhd. (MSTSB). MSTSB has provided great assistance in enhancing the product. The second unit of the product is currently in the final stages of fabrication and testing.

The product is protected by three intellectual properties and a trademark, all of which is owned by UM. It also has won several awards in local and international exhibitions. With a motto 'Lighting-up UM', the team aims to provide a sustainable solution for energy efficient and quality lighting powered by wind-solar hybrid renewable energy sources.

Summary of the product

The product is a part of an UMRG project led by Dr. Chong Wen Tong. The product is called "Eco-GreenergyTM Wind-Solar Outdoor Lighting System" and it is self-sustained, i.e. powered by the shrouded vertical-axis-wind-turbine generator and solar PV panel. The novelty of the product is achieved through the wind power augmentation of the guide-vanes assembly known as the omni-direction-guide-vane (ODGV). The guide-vanes can be made from clear and translucent material to act as light-plates. Moreover, logos or symbols can be engraved on these plates for showcasing purposes. The solar PV is positioned at the top portion of the ODGV to avoid interference resulting from shadow. The batteries and the controller are stored at the top of the pole and below the ODGV to avoid vandalism or flash floods. The overall "clean" impression of the product compared to other conventional wind-solar lamp posts serves as an added advantage for this product.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0003953-e507cd14338f0ab6cdef7e59b89b5f65.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004225 00000000000 015272  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard

Donald Trump has some serious issues that are absolutely getting in the way of his ability to function on any kind of expected, adult level.

This was never cute. But now President Trump is whining about the media not covering his “enthusiastic supporters” while Russian smokes threatens to bring this country down thanks to him and his administration. This is more than pathetic. It’s deeply troubling.

Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 12, 2017

Donald Trump’s National Security adviser was busted Thursday and Friday for having talks with the Russian ambassador about the sanctions imposed in retaliation for Russia interfering with our election. He had some of these talks before the election. Before Donald Trump won the election.

On Friday, a top aide to Trump’s NSA was denied security clearance.

Friday and Saturday, Democrats called for Trump to fire his National Security adviser.

Friday evening, Trump pretended he knew nothing of the explosive report that his NSA was talking to Russia even before the election.

Sunday, Trump adviser Stephen Miller refused to comment on this matter saying the White House hadn’t given him anything to say on it.

On Sunday, a former national security expert quoted a Senior Pentagon intelligence official as saying, “Since January 20, we’ve assumed that the Kremlin has ears inside the Situation Room… There’s not much the Russians don’t know at this point.”

On Sunday evening, Michael Flynn was on Air Force One with President Trump, returning to D.C.

So basically D.C. is on fire with Russian flames encroaching our most vital national security and Donald Trump is whining about crowds and the media.

Senator Al Franken said today that a few Republicans are worried about Trump’s mental health. Just a few? That says a lot.

If you’re ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0003926-bbed9f49e1ca225f7525f163a5a93a79.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003602 00000000000 015200  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The rising popularity of online video game streaming—that is, watching other people play video games live—really hit the mainstream once Twitch, the Internet's largest game-streaming platform, was bought out by Amazon for nearly a billion dollars last year. Anyone who thought that asking price was insane may not have realized that Google was about to spend roughly the same amount to acquire Twitch. In short, the value of running a game-streaming platform is rising, and the tech industry's big dogs know it.

As such, we weren't surprised to see a Tuesday report alleging that Google's YouTube arm is moving ahead with a game-streaming backup plan. The Daily Dot, quoting "sources within the streaming industry," reported that a "new-look YouTube Live" will launch in the foreseeable future, and that service will target live gaming and e-sports content in particular.

As proof of its seriousness, YouTube has already hired over 50 streaming-savvy engineers, the report said, and it hinted to "promotions and partnerships" designed to encourage more e-sports viewing on the main YouTube site. The Daily Dot predicted a YouTube Live reveal timed around this June's Electronic Entertainment Expo in Los Angeles. When asked about the report, a YouTube representative declined to comment to Ars and instead sent us an animated GIF of a little girl shrugging her shoulders. (No, seriously. This one.)

Assuming this report is accurate, we at Ars figured this was a matter of when, not if. In August, Peter Bright wrote about the infrastructure YouTube already has in place to support hobbyists' live video streaming, not to mention Google's ability to purchase exclusive streaming rights to all kinds of e-sports events. Bright also pointed to Twitch's uneven video-archive support—a fact that has kept a lot of high-earning streamers attached to YouTube, meaning they wouldn't have to walk very far to switch teams.                                                                                                                              0003969-0deebbe5bdfd04e85cc1aa5c54e2b9f0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002564 00000000000 015630  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        An internal document issued by IT experts working for the German federal government warned national agencies and companies not to use Windows 8. The reason? An alleged backdoor exploit has been discovered, and the details were obtained and published by German site Zeit Online. The leaked message suggests that the NSA likely has access to a hidden feature which apparently can’t be shut off and allows Microsoft to remotely control any computer running the software.

The Windows 8 feature under scrutiny by the German government is called Trusted Computing, a backdoor setting established ten years ago by a number of American tech giants including Microsoft, HP and IBM. Trusted Computing is supposed to protect computers from being manipulated by malicious third parties using viruses or other methods. The chip used to install Trusted Computing on Windows 8 computers allegedly offers Microsoft backdoor access, though the implication appears to be that the American company will extend that power to the U.S. government as well.

A second leaked report also notes that Windows 7 can “be safely operated until 2020,” implying that the German government may revert to the now-outdated operating system until the current security holes are plugged. However, in response to Zeit Online’s report, the Reichstag issued a statement partially denying claims it would downgrade its software.                                                                                                                                            0003886-79be1735739bb6a2e0b0026625ef2eab.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004435 00000000000 015111  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In the wake of the 2008 Wall Street meltdown, many Americans — including in Washington — expected that the Securities and Exchange Commission would get to the bottom of how things happened, and make sure no such crisis happened again.

But an investigation by The New York Times found that the SEC is regularly issuing a pass to these big banking companies that it's supposed to be regulating. While it may be finding fraud more often now, it's rarely issuing the penalties called for in those cases, the Times found.

Louise Story, investigative reporter for The New York Times, said when the SEC settles a case with a large bank, they reach lengthy agreements spelling out what they did and what punishments they'll face. Most often, Story said, the banks push hard to get out of the specified punishments.

"One of the punishments of misleading investors about your company, for example, one of the punishments is that you might not be able to issue certain kinds of stock in the future. You might not be able to run mutual funds in the future. You might be exposed to a lot of class-action lawsuits," Story said. "What this analysis in the Times found is that there are over 300 instances since 2003 where the SEC agreed to give the banks an exemption from some of these punishments that are normal."

Story said among the reasons, they found, were the bank's importance to the market's functions. Some SEC officials said these exemptions were important to allowing the banks keep doing their business, Story said.

"On the other hand, there's a real question of deterrence here," Story said.

On the flip side, companies that aren't banks often feel the full weight of SEC enforcement actions.

General Electric, for example, was subjected to the sort of punishments that the investment banks don't get, Story said. Citi Group, though, in 2010 settled an investigation into its mortgage securities did not get an exemption protecting them from shareholder lawsuits.

But that's the exception.

"That's been a real burden to Citi Group compared to the other Wall Street firms, but it's also deterrent," Story said.

In recent months, the SEC has been lobbying Congress for new, stricter enforcement powers, but at the same time it's often choosing not to impose them.

"Why not use all these ones that they have," Story said.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0003956-6c5d4b2f6d87edd538bea378364f2b9c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012427 00000000000 015302  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Information on Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition release (ENG/GER)

Hey there - please find a message from my colleague, Philipp, below - you are for sure keen on more information on the Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition releaseThis is a message from Philipp, PR and Marketing guy from Nordic Games.Introducing the Nordic Franchise Loyalty Program (if you’re into acronyms: NFLP) for DarksidersWith the release of the Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition on November 5th 2015, I am very excited to give you all the dirty little details on behalf of Nordic Games, and the introduction of our NFLP for the Darksiders franchise.The following post explains the 3 different tiers of said NFLP for Darksiders on Steam. In other words: these are applicable for anybody who bought a Steam version, i.e. on Steam itself, as a boxed PC Steam key version or on any other digital platform selling Steam keys.Our original plan was to have the free copy unlocked for everyone owning Darksiders II and ALL DLCs, but unfortunately this was not possible from a purely technical point of view (on Steam). Therefore we chose to give our loyal fans the closest possible option to this original plan:• Tier 1: Owners of the Darksiders Franchise Pack ( http://store.steampowered.com/sub/18777/ ), purchased or activated through Steam before November 5th, will receive Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition for PC completely• Tier 2: Owners of the original Darksiders II, purchased or activated through Steam before November 5th, will be able to pick up Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition for PC at an 80% discount for the first week of release.Edition on November 5th 2015 will get an 80% discount during the first release week• Tier 3: All newcomers to the series will be able to get Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition for PC at a 20% discount for the first week of release.“But how does this black magic work?!?!” you may wonder…If you are a Tier 1, you will find the Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition automatically as a game in your Steam library once it releases on November 5th 2015.If you are a Tier 2, you will have an 80% discount usable on your purchase of Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition during the first release week.If you are a Tier 3, you will have a 20% discount usable on your purchase of Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition during the first release week.Thank you for playing Darksiders, and I hope you thoroughly enjoy the Deathinitive Edition of Darksiders II on PC.Best regards,Philipp (PR Nordic Games)Liebe STEAM Community, hier eine Info von meinem Kollegen, Philipp, ihr seid sicher schon gespannt auf mehr Informationen zum Darksiders II Deathinitive Release:Dies ist eine Nachricht von Philipp, dem PR- und Marketingverantwortlichen von Nordic Games.Hiermit will ich euch mit dem Nordic Franchise Treue-Programm (für diejenigen von euch, die auf Abkürzungen stehen: NFTP) für Darksiders bekannt machen.Mit dem Release der Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition am 5. November 2015, freue ich mich, euch all die schmutzigen Details über Nordic Games und die Einführung des NFTP für das Darksiders Franchise zu verraten.Der folgende Post erklärt die 3 verschiedenen Stufen der besagten NFTP für Darksiders auf Steam und für alle Plattformen, die auf Steam Keys basieren. In anderen Worten: Sie betreffen jeden, der eine Steam Version gekauft hat, entweder auf Steam selbst, als Box-Version, oder jeder anderen digitalen Plattform, die auf Basis von Steam Keys handelt.Unser ursprünglicher Plan war es, jedem, der Darksiders II und ALLE DLCs besitzt, die Gratisversion (Rang 1) anzubieten - leider wurde uns dies von einem rein technischen Standpunkt auf Steam verwehrt. Also haben wir uns für die an diesem Plan naheliegenste Möglichkeit entschieden:• Rang 1: Jeder, der zum Release der Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition am 5. November 2015 das Darksiders Franchise Pack ( http://store.steampowered.com/sub/18777/ - diese Version wird mit dem Release von Deathinitive offline gehen) besitzt, das entweder direkt auf Steam, oder aber auch durch einen Steam Key (boxed und/oder digital) aktiviert wurde, bekommt die Deathinitive Edition(freebie, gratuit, gratuito, for free, gratuito).• Rang 2: Jeder, der bis zum Release der Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition am 5. November 2015 das originale Darksiders II (auf Steam selbst oder durch einen Steam Key aktiviert, Box- und digitale Versionen) besitzt, bekommt einen Rabatt von 80% während der ersten Releasewoche.• Rang 3: Für alle Nicht-Besitzer wird es in der 1. Veröffentlichungswoche einen Rabatt von 20% geben.„Aber wie funktioniert diese schwarze Magie?!?“ wird sich vielleicht der ein oder die andere wundern…Diejenigen, die den Kriterien des 1. Rangs entsprechen, werden die Darksiders Deathinitive Edition automatisch als Spiel in ihrer Steam Bibliothek finden, sobald es am 5. November 2015 veröffentlicht wurde.Diejenigen, die den Kriterien der 2. Rangs entsprechen, werden das Spiel mit einem 80% Rabatt angeboten bekommen, der für den Kauf einer Darksiders II Deathinitive Edition verwendbar ist.Für diejenigen, auf die Rang 3 zutrifft, wird es einen Rabatt von 20% geben, der für den Kauf einer Darksiders II Deathinitive verwendbar ist.Danke für das Spielen von Darksiders, ich hoffe, dass euch die Deathinitive Edition von Darksiders II gefallen wird.Liebe GrüßePhilipp (PR Nordic Games)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0003993-54a0b0e27c576b74c5043ad40d79680d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005716 00000000000 014755  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        SAN DIEGO -- The Padres figure if they're going to plop a basketball court onto the field at Petco Park, they better have Bill Walton involved somehow.

The Padres and the Hall of Famer on Tuesday announced the Bill Walton Basketball Festival beginning Nov. 30 and culminating with a game between San Diego and San Diego State on Dec. 5.

The court will be set up between third base and home plate.

The festival will consist of youth clinics led by Walton, charity games, community league games and high school games, plus whatever else Walton might think up.

"Anything that's basketball in this community that's big-time, should bear Bill Walton's name," Padres president Mike Dee said. "He's the best. He's a community treasure."

Walton, an ESPN college basketball analyst, said it will be "an absolutely thrilling week. And I am proud, privileged, honored and humbled to be a volunteer for this incredible situation where people are going to come together in our city and play basketball in Petco Park."

The game Dec. 5 will be the first time the major league park has hosted hoops.

The preceding week will be "basketball 24-7," Dee said at a news conference.

Said Walton: "We're going to make it fun. That's the goal of sports."

Walton was born in San Diego and said his family lived downtown for a while before moving to suburban La Mesa.

"I've done things on this site before Petco Park was here," said Walton, who was wearing a "Walton 32" Padres jersey.

"I love San Diego, I love Petco Park, I love the Padres and I love basketball."

Walton starred at La Mesa's Helix High before playing for John Wooden at UCLA. Walton helped the Bruins win two NCAA titles, and then won NBA championships with Portland in 1977 and Boston in 1986. He even played with his hometown Clippers, who moved to Los Angeles in 1984.

The Padres are expanding the use of Petco Park, including hosting concerts by Paul McCartney, the Rolling Stones and Taylor Swift in the last year, and a first-round Davis Cup match between Britain and the United States in early 2014.

"They've done their job. The rest is up to me," Walton said.

Walton even suggested matchups for a Petco Park hoops double-header in 2017: San Diego State against Arizona and USD against Gonzaga.

All four of Walton's sons played college basketball, including Luke at Arizona and Chris at SDSU.

The full schedule of the Bill Walton Basketball Festival will be announced later.

There no doubt will be additions.

"Mike, what are we looking at for a postgame concert and party celebration?" Walton asked.

"We're counting on you and your many friends in the music industry and we're ready to go," Dee replied to Walton, believed to be the world's tallest Deadhead.

"Only if I can sing and play the drums," Walton said.

Asked about the threat of rain, Walton replied: "It'll be fine. That's a promise. It'll be fine."

The public sale of tickets for the USD-SDSU game begins Wednesday morning.

Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.                                                  0003947-89c6c59876d8476169d651d49e99564a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003644 00000000000 014625  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Ridley Scott’s 2015 sci-fi blockbuster, The Martian, is considered a return to form for the legendary director. This week, you’ll be able to enter the world of the movie with a new VR experience.

You may have heard of The Martian VR Experience before. Developed at 20th Century Fox’s Fox Innovation Lab along with RSA Films and The Virtual Reality Company, the cinematic piece has been shown at a handful of events throughout the year but, tomorrow, you’ll get to experience it at home on both the HTC Vive and PlayStation VR.

This isn’t a simple 360 degree experience like other Fox VR projects such as Wild; it’s a full VR production that uses position-tracked controls. You take on the role of astronaut Mark Watney, played by Matt Damon in the movie, and experience key scenes like driving a rover across the surface of the red planet, and flying through space. While it’s not necessarily a VR movie, it might be closer to something like Batman: Arkham VR, as a shorter experiential piece in which you won’t have to worry about failure. It’s built in Epic Games’ Unreal Engine 4.

This likely isn’t the first time HTC Vive owners will have visited Mars, and nor will it have been the last. Experiences like Mars Odyssey are already available and others like Mars 2030 are still on the way. We’ll also be seeing more of Ridley Scott’s worlds in VR; the upcoming Blade Runner sequel will have VR tie-in content, as announced back at Oculus Connect 3 last month.

It may be a promotional experience, but Fox certainly thinks it’s worth a price; The Martian VR Experience will cost $19.99. We’ll be interested to see the difference between the Vive and PS VR versions. We’ve also asked after the possibility of an Oculus Rift version, though it would likely arrive once Oculus Touch releases in early December.

Would you pay for an experience like this?

Tagged with: Mars, ridley scott, sci-fi, The Martian VR Experience                                                                                            0003939-9d9baa563cc2d60081083a7e8dbc15d5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005426 00000000000 015174  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The New England Patriots don't have a first round pick, but they are in a position to acquire a first round talent- without having to trade to trade up.

MMQB's Peter King spoke with ten high ranking personnel decision makers around the league and they all pointed towards the equal level of talent in this draft that could benefit the Patriots with their two picks at the bottom of the second round.

"Twenty-five to 55 is the same player, to me," one said.

"Eleven to 40 is the same guy," echoed another.

"To us, 18 to 48 you can get the same player," said yet another decision maker.

"Load me up with twos and threes in this draft," a fourth agreed. "That's where I'd want a lot of picks."

"It's the kind of draft where the 50th player on some team's board will be the 17th player on another team," draft evaluator Gil Brandt said. "And the 17th player on the first team could be the 50th on that other team."

This isn't to say that the players available at the end of the first round in this draft would be the equivalent to players at the end of the first in any other draft. The 2016 draft class is incredibly short on top tier talent, but the depth in the next tier of players is outstanding.

One evaluator told King that he thinks there are 90 immediate impact players on defense in the draft, versus just 40 impact offensive players. It's easy to agree with this evaluation, and it points towards the Patriots likely having to use an earlier draft pick on the offensive side of the ball if they want to leave with one of the top players.

The Patriots currently have the 60th and 61st picks in the draft, both at the end of the 2nd round.

New England wasn't expecting 2015 first round pick defensive tackle Malcom Brown to be available last year because Brown was projected to be a top 20 selection. If any player slips down the board this year, the Patriots will be in position to pounce.

The following players are fringe first round candidates that could interest the Patriots and could be available towards the end of the second round:

Running back: Alabama's Derrick Henry Wide receiver: Ohio State's Michael Thomas, Rutgers' Leonte Carroo, Oklahoma's Sterling Shepard, Pittsburgh's Tyler Boyd Tight end: Arkansas' Hunter Henry Offensive tackle: Unfortunately this is a weak offensive tackle class outside of the top five prospects. Edge defender: Florida's Jonathan Bullard, Michigan State's Shilique Calhoun, Georgia's Leonard Floyd Defensive tackle: Penn State's Austin Johnson, Mississippi State's Chris Jones, Louisiana Tech's Vernon Butler, UCLA's Kenny Clark, Ohio State's Adolphus Washington Cornerback: Virginia Tech's Kendall Fuller

If any of these players are still on the board after the 50th pick, don't be surprised if the Patriots start making some phone calls to potentially move up the draft board.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0003880-a44382e97654445418dfebe67e277076.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010565 00000000000 014645  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Let me preface this article with an interesting story that came from a tabloid I had read back in the mid 1990’s. It pertains to the following article and attests to the nature of the mighty Vikings. According to the account an ancient record that was handed down describes a UFO encounter from the distant past experienced by the Leif Erickson’s crew who were on their way to North America. I am not sure about what medium that this historic account was recorded in as the Vikings did not supposedly have a written language. Even though the Norsemen were considered incredible craftsman, weapon makers, and accomplished artists, there was no written word. Perhaps these accounts came as a result of pictograms or engraved images.

Who were the Norse gods really?

The Vikings have quite a colorful mythology with a number of different deities like many other religions leading some to speculate that Gods such as Thor with his mighty axe striking lightning in the heavens might represent ancient man’s interpretation of missiles or death rays. According to this uncovered tale from antiquity, Erickson’s crew had been paced by a bright nocturnal aerial object for several nights as they crossed the forbidden waters of the North Atlantic that loomed before them.

Now for Leif Erickson and his men to cross the Atlantic, it was not only the fear of falling off the edge of the earth that haunted them, but also the presence of sea serpents capable of capsizing their ships that also terrified them. However, the Norsemen rarely feared anything, and were just audacious enough to challenge the superstitions of their culture and brave the long and perilous voyage.

Guided to the new world by a UFO

It is said that finally this glowing airborne vessel hovered over the Viking ship and from beneath it came an entity who stood upon the deck of the Viking boat. The response of the Norsemen was to attack, which they did. It is well known that the Vikings tooled magnificent swords, knives, and hatchets. They feared no one and quickly dispatched their enemies with skill and savagery. However, they were no match for this other-worldly being, who disintegrated his attackers with what we would now know to be a ray gun of some kind.

Accosted by an entity

When the Vikings saw that they were outmatched their next tactic was to befriend the alien who had just demonstrated his technical superiority. They reportedly feasted with him and drank. It appears that the Norsemen though brutal were also practical. “If you can’t beat’em join’em”, and apparently they did. After sharing their merriment with the being of fantastic powers, a deal was struck. The aerial object that had paced them for several nights would now lead them to the North American continent which they were soon to land on. History had to be re-written as a result of the fact that it was the Vikings who discovered North America first, yet the other more fantastic evidence of extraterrestrial intervention seems to have been intentionally overlooked.

The actual discoverers

The Vikings succeeded several hundreds of years before Christopher Columbus in 1492 in the discovery of North America. In the year 1000 AD evidence shows that Leif Erickson and his men discovered, what is now the northern shores of Canada, and moved further south along the coastline to more wooded lands with bountiful resources. They named North America Vinlandia after vines they discovered and harvested. Leif Erickson and his 35 man crew overcame the rigors of an Atlantic crossing and cultural superstitions that had stubbornly persisted through-out Europe for hundreds of years afterword that the very edge of the world laid at the end of the Atlantic Ocean somewhere at the horizon.

A past not as we were led to believe

This feat is amazing enough in itself, but if accounts of what transpired on that voyage are to be believed at all, then we must also embrace the fact that the Vikings encountered an entity that descended to the deck of their vessel. This mysterious being defeated the Vikings who attempted to kill him, and once befriending the Norsemen, led them to the North American continent. Once again in the unwritten pages of history is evidence in a milestone for humanity, we find the past is not as we were taught. The ubiquitous appearance of a UFO that intervenes in the affairs of man demonstrates that sometimes fact can even be stranger than fiction.

Click here for Part II                                                                                                                                           0003984-88dc29468104210aea4962b086dd3135.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012205 00000000000 014606  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Andrew Newbold has today stepped down as president of the Hawthorn Football Club.

ANDREW Newbold today announced he has stepped down from his position as president of the Hawthorn Football Club, with his resignation effective from today.

Current Vice-President Richard Garvey will replace Newbold as acting president until a formal election is held at the Annual General meeting in December 2016.

Newbold, a lifelong Hawthorn supporter, has served on the Board since 2003 and was elected as president in 2011.

Key club achievements overseen by Newbold include:

Taking the club to four consecutive grand final appearances since 2012 including three premierships

Overseen four years of collective club profit (total $11m +)

Developed the club into a major AFL business that has revenue in excess of $70m

Been instrumental in the development of the club’s 2013 – 2017 ‘All for One’ strategic plan and a long-term facilities strategy to future proof the club

A key player in negotiating the club's move to Waverley Park (as a Board member)

Hawthorn CEO Stuart Fox said Newbold has been a key factor in the continued growth and success of the club over his 13 years as a president and director.

“Andrew has played a significant role in the stability and growth of the Hawthorn Football Club since joining the Board in 2003,” Fox said.

“Through his passion, dedication and drive Andrew has provided leadership and direction across various areas of the business. He was key in negotiating the club’s move to Waverley Park, has played a vital role in the current facilities strategy and has developed Hawthorn into a major AFL business over his tenure.”

“Not only does Andrew leave Hawthorn in a strong position commercially but he has also overseen a historic period in the club’s history, achieving four consecutive grand final appearances including three premierships as president.”

Newbold said timing was important to his departure.

“I started at Hawthorn as a board member when my second daughter was starting school. This year, 2016, marks her final year. It has been a rewarding 13 years for myself and my family but my motto has always been to leave two days earlier rather than a day late and now is the time,” Newbold said.

“Throughout my tenure the club has been transformed into a powerful organisation, both on and off the field, and I always wanted to be able to step down when I was still enjoying the role. More importantly I wanted to leave at a time when my successor had a great opportunity to create their own vision.

“On the back of multiple premierships and with the club in good shape, now feels like the right time to hand over the reins.

“The club is also on the verge of a possible shift to a new home in Dingley. This is a five to ten-year project and possibly the biggest decision the club will make in its history. I feel my decision to step aside will allow my successor to own and live this next chapter.

“The Board, club and I have always made well thought out counter intuitive decisions and I see this as another of those.

“I am proud of the many achievements the Hawthorn Football Club has made under my leadership and I would like to sincerely thank the Board, all of the administration staff for their dedication and hard work, the football department and players for their drive and determination and the loyal Hawks members for whom the club exists.

“I look forward to the continued evolution of the club under the direction of Richard Garvey and wish him all the best in his endeavours.”

Acting President Richard Garvey said he is honoured and ready to lead the Hawthorn Football Club.

“I feel privileged to have the support and backing of the board in taking on the acting presidency position,” Garvey said.

“Andrew has done an outstanding job over a long period of time, as a director and president, and I hope to be able to build on the legacy he has created by continuing to develop the Hawthorn Football Club as a strong AFL business.”

The club, as part of its governance process, had committed to a succession plan given Newbold was in his final term.

A sub-committee of three directors and two independents undertook a thorough process to identify potential president candidates.

The search concluded that Garvey was the strongest candidate and he has the unanimous support of the Hawthorn Board.

Garvey first became associated with the club in 1997 as the lead auditing partner from KPMG. He retained this role until his retirement from the firm in early 2008 and was appointed a director of the club in October 2010 and vice-president in 2015.

He has been an integral member of the clubs Training and Administration Facility Committee, was chairman of the club’s Finance and Risk Management Committee and chairman of the club’s joint venture in Caroline Springs where he has overseen sustained business growth and strong financial results.

Outside of Hawthorn, Garvey is a consultant, financial adviser and a member of several advisory boards. He was a Board member of the Australian Institute of Management - Victoria and Tasmania for 11 years until December 2011 including four years as president and a national Board member.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0003914-34e693b6b1590175c43cc1bd4782cb94.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020172 00000000000 014747  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        What former Bok coach NICK MALLETT had to say on SuperSport about the past weekend's Super Rugby matches involving South African teams.

Cheetahs vs Bulls

‘Both the Bulls and the Cheetahs have adopted this playing style of using the width of the field and playing off their halfbacks. But you still have to commit. If you just catch and pass the whole time, then the defence just shifts with the ball. You have to actually run at a defender and time your pass so that you fix the defender to stop him from going across. What was interesting is the Cheetahs’ philosophy to move the ball around until they could get their kicker into a good position to clear for touch.

‘The Cheetahs scored some excellent tries and were leading comfortably and then the Bulls had a really good comeback with a burst of two tries.

‘One of the key things we have to mention about this Cheetahs team is that Uzair Cassiem has been passing before taking contact and it’s so nice to see. He is a big, physical flank who takes the ball up a lot with pick and go's. But in the lead-up to the Cheetahs’ first try, he gets out to the wing and pops a lovely pass inside to Paul Schoeman before contact and allows them to get forward momentum. And Cassiem also threw that exquisite pass for one of Oupa Mohoje’s tries. I thought the Cheetahs were disrupted by Cassiem going off at half-time because of a knee injury.

‘We mentioned last week that the Cheetahs made a number of handling errors which cost them the game against the Lions. This weekend, their decision-making of when to pass and when not to pass were far better. The Bulls don’t have such a heavy pack and the Cheetahs moved the ball to different areas of the field that made it difficult for the Bulls to defend. If you run straight at a Bulls player, he will tackle you, but the Cheetahs were running good angles and passing just prior to making contact. The breakdown was always beyond the advantage line so every Bulls player had to retreat backwards to get in position as opposed to running forward with an offensive hit. And that is credit to Franco Smith’s attacking play that he brought into the Cheetahs set-up.

‘The Bulls are coming out of the line so quickly that no one is setting in as the first and second defender, which is why there is no organisation. They are on the back-foot all the time.

ALSO READ: Five takeaways from past weekend

‘It’s interesting that Handré Pollard has started both games for the Bulls and we know how good he is. But I imagine had he been a New Zealand player he would have played off the bench. They should have started with the guy who did well the whole of last year [Tian Schoeman], perhaps giving Pollard 20 minutes in his first game back and 40 minutes in the second match against the Cheetahs.

'But what really cost the Bulls were the 38 handling errors they made compared to 13 by the Cheetahs. That is three times as many handling errors. If you are going to try and play a ball-in-hand game, you better made sure to hold onto the ball. The Cheetahs were much better at doing that than the Bulls.

‘We’re focusing a bit too much on Pollard. We ought to focus on the Bulls pack. In both their games to date, the pack only got into the game in the last 20 minutes. For 60 minutes the backline didn’t really get much ball and Pollard was substituted after 60. I don’t care if you put Dan Carter behind a pack going back like that, he is not going to look like a good player. That’s where the Bulls problem lies and that’s what needs to be solved. The Bulls lost four lineouts against a Cheetahs team that we thought was supposed to be weak in the lineouts.

‘We can’t keep on saying it’s because they have pack of forwards. The Bulls need a prop, a fetcher and they are missing a creative loose forward. They have bashers in the loose trio as opposed to someone who can make the little passes, a linking player like Cassiem and Michael Hooper, and like Rob Louw was in the past. If the pack manages to get at least a tighthead prop so that they can win their own ball without collapsing and giving a penalty away, when we can start talking about the play of Rudy Paige and Pollard and compare them in a fair way. They can blame a bad start all they want, but it’s actually a lack of first-phase ball that is causing them all this trouble. Against the Stormers it was the scrums and against the Cheetahs it was the scrums and the lineouts.’

‘And it was interesting to see when Warrick Gelant came on, that the wingers Jamba Ulengo and Travis Ismaiel were far more prominent for the Bulls than prior to that. My feeling is that Jesse Kriel doesn’t get the best out of the wingers. To give Kriel credit, they didn’t have much possession. But even so Jesse and the two big centres that the Bulls utilise are not creative enough to create space for the outside backs. I thought they looked really good in the last 15 minutes with Gelant on the field, but it was too little too late.’

‘We were treated to some good wing play today. Ismaiel made one mistake with that little knock-on at the end. Ulengo was good under the high ball and very physical. But Raymond Rhule was unbelievable. He improved his tackling and is unrecognisable from the player he was two years ago. Wingers are not a problem in South Africa , so let’s not start putting our No 9s on the wing again.’

VIDEO: Highlights of Cheetahs vs Bulls

DHL Stormers vs Jaguares

‘From a Stormers point of view there were a lot of defensive weaknesses. There was a lot of physicality in that Jaguares side and the Stormers didn’t tackle them backwards, which allowed the visitors to get front-foot ball, especially later on in the game. The Stormers got both first-half tries with little kicks, one well-constructed but the other one fortunate because it came off the heel of Jano Vermaak. They have to learn to be better with offensive kicking. Offensive kicking is the secret against really strong defence.

‘The Stormers have a good offloading game, but 24 handling errors are just too many for a team wanting to get into the Super Rugby playoffs and to compete with New Zealand teams.

‘The Jaguares have this absolute determination not to allow a team to score from around the fringes of a ruck and they are prepared to do anything to stop it. We had a penalty try, and Santiago Iglesias came around the side and that could arguably have been another yellow card. And these are lessons they have to learn. Their discipline has to improve. Four yellow cards in two games are far too many.

‘The one positive they can take out of the game is the powerful ball carrying of the forwards that we saw against the Stormers. The two flankers, Tomás Lezana and Pablo Matera, were outstanding and the tight forwards carried well and ran good angles, like that brilliant run that set up Santiago Cordero’s second try. They really tested the Stormers defence in close. It was a much more physical affair for the Stormers.’

VIDEO: Highlights of Stormers vs Jaguares

Lions vs Waratahs

‘This was an incredibly loose game. You’re not going very far in the competition if you concede five tries, even if you score eight yourself. The Lions need to really tighten up on defence.

'Ross Cronjé deserved the Match of the Match award. He doesn’t have the most fantastic pass in the world, but he is a nugget, gritty player who makes defences concentrate because of his good step around the fringes and he tends to made good decisions with his passing under pressure.’

VIDEO: Highlights of Lions vs Waratahs

Round two wrap

‘South African teams were involved in some close and exciting games this weekend. What worries me is the New Zealand teams. There’s a big difference between us playing derbies against each other and then playing against a Kiwi side. We’ll only know where we are once we start playing against them.

‘In terms of the tournament, New Zealand teams still lead the way. But I think we’re ahead of Australian sides, who are really battling at the moment.’

*Note: Mallett did not comment on the games between the Brumbies and Sharks in Canberra and the Sunwolves and Kings in Singapore.

ALSO: Sharks, Cheetahs score big wins

Photo: Johan Pretorius/Gallo Images                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0003985-3db3c6de8cf2b1eecb7fe04cedf920d4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011154 00000000000 015633  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        I have a friend named Whitney (name changed) who was once a cube-dweller. And I do not mean she lived in a modern ergonomic-style home. On the contrary, her house was beautiful and vibrant. But each day she left the comfort of her home and drove to her miserable, gray cubicle at work. Cube-land was her reality, and many of you have been there too.



Who thought working in spaces with no windows was a good idea?

Just add a few thousand portable, plastic walls, some bad fluorescent lighting, and you have an accurate picture of life for many cube-dwellers.

First invented in 1968, cubicles are a standard feature in offices everywhere. They were designed as an alternative to the wide-open office and meant to offer employees some semblance of privacy. They also give employers an easy, inexpensive way to maximize limited office space. But cubicles can be a raw deal for cube-dwellers, like my friend Whitney.

They must contend with loud talkers and other inescapable distractions, as well as co-workers who barge in unexpectedly. And you know what happens when one person gets sick. Not to mention the average person spends almost an hour each day driving to and from their cube. That translates into plenty of frustration and lost productivity.

Like many of you, I served time in a cubicle, but I discovered it did not have to be that way.

After my last company was acquired by Citrix, I had the opportunity to lead product and strategy for a significant product line while working remotely. That experience opened my eyes to the possibilities outside of a cubicle. I found that with a responsive team, we could accomplish so much more working remotely than if we were holed up in an office somewhere.

When my co-founder and I started Aha! we wanted to give employees this same freedom. The freedom to work from anywhere in the U.S. and be happy.

Remote work is not a fad; it is now a way of life for an estimated 3.2 million employees in the U.S. alone. Here is why so many employees are finding out that remote work beats out cubicle life any day:

Productivity

Work in an office is commonly measured by the number of hours an employee is at their desk. When you work remotely, you do not have the ability (or any reason) to fake productivity. There is no point in looking busy when you are the only one in the room. Remote employees are measured by what they accomplish each day, not how busy they look.

Accountability

There is no hand-holding for remote employees. When you work from home, your team is trusting you to meet your goals without much added help. That might sound intimidating. But the most productive employees thrive on autonomy, and remote work often inspires high performers to work even harder.

Happiness

Remote work is a great option for anyone who has a family or simply wishes to get the most out of life. Many of our team members have children. Others want to travel and work from different places in the country. They are able to accomplish their work and be more available for what is most important to their lives.

Freedom

Once geography is no longer an issue, new team members can be found anywhere. That means you do not have to settle for a job based on proximity, and companies do not have to settle for an employee who lives close to the office. You are free to go for that dream job — even if the headquarters is a thousand miles away.

Harmony

Do not assume that having your own cubicle is the same as having your own space. When you work remotely, you have total control over your workspace — no more gray walls inside or spending ten minutes to find a parking spot outside. Having a say over your work environment helps you achieve a sense of peace that empowers you to achieve top performance.

Unity

You may be working from the kitchen table, but you are not alone in the work you are accomplishing. Remote work requires all team members to be on the same page. To do that, you must narrow your focus, eliminate distractions, and be intentional about the work you are doing. The result is that you work with a sense of a shared purpose with your team.

This is not to say that everyone immediately adjusts to working remotely. It takes a sense of adventure, patience with technology, and resourcefulness to succeed in an environment of your own making.

But being CEO of a great distributed company has proven to me that it is possible to pursue your goals and realize sustainable happiness at the same time. I see remote work as a real gift for every employee.

If you are looking to make some real lasting life changes, I encourage you to consider what work might look like outside the cubicle walls.

How has remote work changed the way you work?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0003981-22cb63e2d0bfb7b48f95cd4ef6f8c2b2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001711 00000000000 015412  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Remy has dropped diss tracks "ShETHER" and "Another One," which were aimed at the Barb. Now, she finally decided to speak her piece about the feud. The fact that Remy dressed like she was going to a funeral was also hilarious!

During the interview, Remy didn't hold back when she was talking about why she ethered Nicki not once, but twice. She admitted that she didn't care about the subliminal shots Nicki took of her on songs. It was actually the "behind the scenes things that you people will never know about." Remy said: "As far as trying to keep me off of red carpets, trying to make sure awards don't go to me or she's not going to be in attendance, trying to get people to make bad reports about my album sales-- just anything that I'm doing to make me look less and make her look better."

That's when the BX MC said, straight up, "When you're trying to stop my bag, when you're trying to stop me from taking care of my children, I have a problem with that."                                                       0003315-79061d296a2473cb449fd46603aa0440.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000305366 00000000000 014605  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        How do you choose from the variety of cultures, rhythms and sounds available at Jazz Fest? Our guide should help. Happy Jazz Fest! Remember that performance information is subject to change.

Stage Codes

ACU = Acura Stage

AM = Allison Miner Music Heritage Stage

BLU = Blues Tent

CON = Congo Square Stage

CUB = Cuba Pavillion

ECO = Peoples Health Economy Hall Tent

FDD = Sheraton New Orleans Fais Do-Do Stage

GEN = Gentilly Stage

GOS = Gospel Tent

J&H = Jazz & Heritage Stage

JAZ = Zatarain’s/WWOZ Jazz Tent

KID = Kids Tent

LAG = Lagniappe Stage

NAT = Native American Pow Wow

PAR = Parades

#

101 Runners, 5/4, J&H, 5:50p: Carrying on the proud tradition of fusing Mardi Gras Indian chants with funk, this group includes Chris Jones with War Chief Juan Pardo of the Wild Comanches and a star cast of players.

21st Century Brass Band, 5/5, PAR, 4:15p: This young, Treme-based group finds room in its repertoire for New Orleans jazz standards as well as modern R&B hits.

610 Stompers, 5/6, KID, 5:15p: The good nature, mustaches, red satin jackets and blue short-shorts of the men parading in the 610 Stompers represent the finest in the city’s new-school Carnival swagger, a treat hailed from Mardi Gras parades in New Orleans to the Macy’s Thanksgiving parade in New York City.

79rs Gang, 5/5, J&H, 2:20p: Big Chief Jermaine and Big Chief Romeo from the 7th and 9th Wards come together to form the 79rs Gang. Jermaine’s baritone voice combines with Romeo’s alto voice as they since about the Mardi Gras Indians’ unique culture. They released their first CD, Fire on the Bayou, in 2015.

7th Ward Creole Hunters, 5/4, PAR, 4:10p: Big Chief Jermaine Bossier leads this 7th Ward-based Mardi Gras Indian gang.

A

Aaron Neville, 4/28, BLU, 5:45p: The golden-voiced Neville brother, whose classic “Tell It Like It Is” was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame collection for 2015, brings originals from his latest effort, Apache (Best R&B/Funk Album winner at the 2016 Best of the Beat Awards), mixed in with some hits from his prolific career.

Adella Adella the Storyteller and Amber Zu the Conductor, 5/5, KID, 12:40p: This kids’ performer aims to bring animals to life, make history real, turn ancestors into wise friends and open the imaginations and hearts of her listeners.

Adonis y Osain del Monte of Cuba, 5/5, CON, 2:05p, CUB, 4:30p; 5/6, CUB, 1:45p, 3:10p; 5/7, BLU, 2:20p, CUB, 4:30p: Havana, Cuba’s Adonis y Osain del Monte offers a modern interpretation of traditional Afro-Cuban folklore, blending it with timba, Havana’s Conga parade rhythms, and beats from Cuba’s contemporary popular music. This is their first U.S. appearance.

Alabama Shakes, 4/29, GEN, 5:15p: Brittany Howard’s raw, soul-rattling vocal power has become the star of this top-notch southern blues-rock outfit, but her bandmates Zac Cockrell, Steve Johnson and Heath Fogg deliver plenty of fire too. They came out of 2016 with three Grammy awards, including Best Alternative Music Album for Sound & Color.

Alex McMurray, 4/28, GEN, 11:20a: This songwriter’s sharp eye, gravelly voice and wicked sense of humor have been well displayed in the Tin Men, Royal Fingerbowl and his current solo career. His song “You’ve Got to Be Crazy to Live In This Town” was a fitting choice to close the third season of HBO’s Treme.

Alexey Marti, 4/28, J&H, 4:15p: After relocating to New Orleans, Cuban-born conga player and percussionist Marti has become a key fixture on the local Latin scene, performing a mix of jazz, funk, salsa, son, rumba and more.

Algiers Warriors, 5/5, PAR, 2:10p: The West Bank-based Big Chief of the Algiers Warriors came out in sky blue with orange patchwork at this year’s Super Sunday.

Alia Shawkat and James Williams with the New Orleans Swamp Donkeys Traditional Jass Band, 5/5, ECO, 4:25p: Alia Shawkat is best known for starring roles in TV shows like Arrested Development and Search Party, but she’s also an impressive jazz singer. Her collaborative EP with trad jazz outfit the New Orleans Swamp Donkeys finds her and James Williams knocking out a series of Ella & Louis-style duets. See feature in this issue.

Alvin Youngblood Hart’s Muscle Theory, 5/5, BLU, 12:10p: This Grammy-winning singer, guitarist and mandolin player was inspired in his youth by the sound of Mississippi country blues, which he makes his own by adding elements of roots rock and a deep knowledge of folk and Americana.

Amanda Shaw & the Cute Guys, 5/6, GEN, 11:20a: This Cajun fiddle prodigy has been in the spotlight since age 10. Her sets can jump from teen-friendly pop to straight-up Cajun, with a classic rock cover or two thrown in.

Amos Lee, 4/29, GEN, 3:25p: Amos Lee has opened for Bob Dylan, Paul Simon, Norah Jones, Van Morrison, John Prine, Adele and many more. Those endorsements should be enough to draw fans of the old school singer songwriter style to his blend of soul and folk.

Anders Osborne, 5/5, GEN, 3:35p: New Orleans’ Swedish-rooted guitar hero and songwriting titan has won Best Guitarist three years in a row and Best Songwriter twice at OffBeat’s Best of the Beat Awards. Tim McGraw had a number one hit with the Osborne song “Watch the Wind Blow By.” Other artists that have covered Osborne’s compositions include Brad Paisley, Tab Benoit, Jonny Lang and Kim Carnes.

Andre’ Simmons-Franklin, 4/28, GOS, 5:10p: Although gospel artist Andre Simmons Franklin’s first love is old school gospel, he has created something unique by incorporating urban R&B grooves into the mix. His single “I’m Expecting” is highly regarded by Kirk Franklin, John P. Kee, Diane Barrino and others.

Andrew Duhon, 4/28, LAG, 3:05p: With his achingly tender voice and penchant for lyrical depth, folk-pop singer songwriter Duhon taps into personal experience to tug at listeners’ heart strings while strumming his way through original music that echoes the blues.

Andrew Hall’s Society Brass Band, 5/6, ECO, 1:35p: Hall is a skilled traditional jazz and R&B pianist who has performed with the Preservation Hall Jazz Band, Dr. John, and the Olympia Brass Band.

Anya Hollingsworth and ARTS, 5/7, KID, 11:30a: Violinist Anya Hollingsworth is an eighth grade honor student at Wilson Middle School. She believes music tells personal and historic stories that connect humanity. ARTS consist of three singers and songwriters Kir’ Ondria Woods, Jamilla Johnson, and Harper Jones. They are accompanied by pianist Carolyn Donnell and drummer Larry Donnell II.

Apache Hunters, 5/7, PAR, 1:45p: Big Chief Preston Whitfield leads this Uptown-based Mardi Gras Indian tribe, headquartered at Third and LaSalle Streets.

Archdiocese of New Orleans Gospel Choir, 5/6, GOS, 1:55p: The Archdiocese represents the largest religious demographic in New Orleans. Its choir represents a tradition of Crescent City Catholicism dating back to 1793.

Arthur and Friends Community Choir, 5/6, GOS, 12:05p: This New Roads, Louisiana-based gospel choir, founded by Arthur Gremillion, focuses on fostering a spirit of togetherness through music.

Ashé Cultural Arts Center Kuumba Institute, 4/29, KID, 11:30a: This Central City community group brings storytelling, poetry, music, dance, photography and visual art to schools and neighborhoods throughout New Orleans.

AsheSon, 5/7, J&H, 4:25p: Local guitarist Javier Olondo leads this ensemble primarily through the songs of his native Cuba while drawing on the traditions of other Latin American countries, including Guatemala and Puerto Rico.

Astral Project, 4/28, JAZ, 6p: The members of this modern jazz quartet—saxophonist Tony Dagradi, guitarist Steve Masakowski, bassist James Singleton and drummer Johnny Vidacovich—have active musical lives outside of the group, but as Astral Project they evince a rare chemistry that results from playing together for nearly four decades.

Audrey Ferguson and The Voices of Distinction, 4/30, GOS, 11:10p: The “traditional foot-stomping, hands-clapping gospel” of this Baton Rouge-based quartet has been a Jazz Fest regular since before the storm.

B

Baby Boyz Brass Band, 5/7, PAR, 3p: One of the younger brass groups on the second line and festival circuit, Baby Boyz is led by trumpeter Glenn Hall III, kin to the musical Andrews family.

Bamboula 2000, 5/4, J&H, 11:20a: “Bamboula” was originally a form of drum and dance ceremony held in Congo Square. Bamboula 2000 leader Luther Gray brings that spirit into the present with a troupe of players and dancers.

Batiste Fathers & Sons, 4/28, ACU, 11:25a: The Batistes of New Orleans have had music in their blood for many generations. The family band includes David on the keyboard, Jamal, Ryan and Russell on drums and percussion, with Damon on vocals.

Batture Boys, The 5/6, LAG, 3:40p: Helmed by the lead guitarists for the Subdudes (Malone) and Continental Drifters (Ganucheau), this new Americana-focused act released its debut EP, Muddy Water, in April 2016.

BeauSoleil avec Michael Doucet, 5/6, FDD, 2:45p: Fiddler Doucet’s venerable Cajun band was the first of its genre to win a Grammy in 1998. Their sound draws on eclectic influences ranging far beyond Acadiana, from bluegrass to West African music and more.

Beloit Memorial Jazz Orchestra, 4/29, JAZ, 11:10a: Under the leadership of Mr. Chris Behrens, the Beloit Memorial High School from Beloit, Wisconsin introduces young people to the jazz traditions of such big bands as Duke Ellington, Count Basie and Thad Jones. This is their first appearance at Jazz Fest.

The Bester Gospel Singers and The Dynamic Smooth Family Gospel Singers of Slidell, 5/5, GOS, 1p: A cappella gospel harmonies are the specialty of The Bester Singers, a Slidell, Louisiana-based group. Evangelist Rosa Lee Smooth founded the Dynamic Smooth Family group three decades ago, and her daughter Cynthia Smooth Plummer now leads the group.

Betty Winn & One A-Chord, 4/28, GOS, 1:55p: Formed in 1995 by Betty Winn and her husband Thomas, this sprawling choir traces the history of gospel from slave spirituals to new compositions. They perform with as many as 40 singers.

Big Chief Bird and the Young Hunters Mardi Gras Indians, 5/4, J&H, 12:40p: Coming out of the Carrollton neighborhood each year since 1995, this tribe is led by Big Chief “Bird.”

Big Chief Bo Dollis Jr. & the Wild Magnolias, 5/6, J&H, 5:45p: Big Chief Bo Dollis, Jr. carries on the legacy of his father, leading the Wild Magnolias’ impassioned, funk-inspired Mardi Gras Indian music.

Big Chief Donald Harrison, Jr., 5/4, CON, 2p: Saxophonist Harrison is a New Orleans Renaissance man who has explored reggae, funk and Mardi Gras Indian music through the filter of jazz. His last CD, This is Jazz, is a trio set with Billy Cobham and Ron Carter.

Big Chief Juan & Jockimo’s Groove, 5/7, J&H, 11:20a: Skillful Golden Comanche Chief Juan Pardo, who grew up with the sounds of elder statesmen Indians like Monk Boudreaux and Bo Dollis, updates classic and original Mardi Gras Indian songs with a mix of funk and R&B.

Big Chief Kevin Goodman & the Flaming Arrows Mardi Gras Indians, 4/30, J&H, 11:20a: Singer and Big Chief Kevin Goodman, who’s called Austin home since evacuating during Hurricane Katrina, leads this tribe and stage band.

Big Chief Monk Boudreaux & the Golden Eagles Mardi Gras Indians, 4/30, J&H, 5:55p: Boudreaux, who performed for many years alongside Big Chief Bo Dollis in the Wild Magnolias, is one of the most prominent Indian performers and a soulful vocalist. The Golden Eagles’ reggae-heavy performances often get into heady, near-psychedelic territory.

Big Chief Trouble and the Trouble Nation, 5/6, PAR, 1:30p: This tribe’s Big Chief Markeith Tero also rolls with the Revolution SA&PC.

Big Freedia, 5/6, CON, 1:55p: The self-professed Queen Diva put bounce music on the map nationally with her quick-fire rhymes, sweat-inducing rhythms and booty-shaking grooves.

Big Nine SA&PC, 4/28, PAR, 4p: Listen for cries of “way downtown” on the parade from this social aid and pleasure club.

Big Sam’s Funky Nation, 5/6, ACU, 12:15p: The charisma of former Dirty Dozen trombonist Sam Williams makes him an able focal point for a musical party that blends brass, Meters-style funk, hip-hop and rock. The band has toured hard and earned a following in the jam band world.

Big Steppers SA&PC, 4/30, PAR, 2:30p: Steppers hold one of the season’s most popular Sunday parades.

Bill Summers & Jazalsa, 5/7, J&H, 1:50p: Known for his membership in Los Hombres Calientes and Herbie Hancock’s Headhunters, legendary percussionist Summers explores Latin and world music with his Jazalsa band.

Black Feathers Mardi Gras Indians, 4/30, PAR, 12:10p: This 7th Ward-based tribe has been masking Indian for more than 20 years.

Black Lodge Singers, 4/28, NAT, 12:05p, 1:15p, 4p; 4/29, NAT, 12p, 1:15p, 4:05p; 4/30, NAT, 12p, 1:15p, 3:50p: Black Lodge Singers are a northern style drum group on the pow-wow circuit. The group includes Kenny Scabby Robe (Blackfeet), his wife Louise (Yakama), and his 12 sons. Kenny is noted on the circuit as one of the leading pow-wow song makers. They have received several Grammy nominations.

Black Mohawk and Blackfoot Hunters, 4/28, PAR, 1:20p: Big Chief Byron Thomas and Big Chief Donald lead this twofer Mardi Gras Indian parade.

Black Seminoles Mardi Gras Indians, 4/28, PAR, 2:45p: This popular tribe was led by the Cyril “Big Chief Ironhorse” Green until his unexpected passing in 2013.

Blodie’s Jazz Jam, 4/29, JAZ, 12:15p: Blodie is better known as Dirty Dozen trumpeter Gregory Davis, whose jamming partners include other members of Dirty Dozen, Trombone Shorty’s Orleans Avenue and other horn men who will be on the Fair Grounds that day.

Blue Lu Barker Remembered featuring Meschiya Lake and Quiana Lynell, 4/28, ECO, 5:30p: Singers Meschiya Lake and Quiana Lynell remember Danny Barker’s wife, the jazz and blues singer Blue Lu Barker, who passed away in 1998 at age 84. Expect the program to include “Don’t You Feel My Leg?,” “Look What Baby’s Got For You” and “A Little Bird Told Me,” which peaked at number four on the Billboard chart in 1948.

Blues Traveler, 5/7, BLU, 5:35p: This New Jersey group briefly entered the mainstream with their harmonica-laden 1994 hit “Run-Around,” but they’ve been a beloved staple of the jam band scene for a very long time. Expect plenty of improvisational rock and creative song segues during their set.

Bobby Lounge, 5/7, LAG, 5:20p: A one-of-a-kind mix of barrelhouse piano, Tom Waitsian poetics, Southern-gothic storytelling and just plain out-there-ness.

Bonerama, 5/5, ACU, 12:30p: What began as a novelty—a multi-trombone band playing jazz, funk and classic rock—has turned into a local and national favorite. Their renditions of rock classics like Led Zeppelin’s “The Ocean” and the Grateful Dead-associated “Turn On Your Love Light” are full-tilt affairs.

Boney James, 5/5, JAZ, 5:40p: Saxophonist and songwriter Boney James has sold over 3 million albums, making him one of the most commercially successful artists in contemporary jazz.

Boyfriend, 4/30, GEN, 12:45p: Part rapper and part performance artist, Boyfriend’s “rap cabaret” shows are entertaining and intellectually-engaging experiences that make destroying gender norms fun for everyone. See feature in this issue.

Brother Tyrone & the Mindbenders, 4/29, BLU, 11:10p: Tyrone Pollard, a.k.a. Brother Tyrone, is a deep-soul vocalist whose original songs could pass for long-lost vinyl tracks.

Bruce Daigrepont Cajun Band, 4/30, FDD, 1:35p: A New Orleans-reared Cajun, this self-taught accordion player has hosted the Sunday Cajun session at Tipitina’s for decades and the Maple Leaf before that.

The Bucktown Allstars 25th Anniversary, 4/30, LAG, 5:20p: This nine-piece R&B band from Metairie is a consistent Best Cover Band winner at OffBeat’s Best of the Beat Awards.

Buddy Guy, 5/7, GEN, 3:30p: This Louisiana-born, Chicago-bred luminary of the blues and rock worlds continues to tour, record and inspire new generations of musicians with his blazing guitar style. He recently teamed up with Junior Wells for the two-disc Buddy Guy and Junior Wells Play the Blues.

Buffalo Hunters Mardi Gras Indians, 5/7, PAR, 4:15p: The Buffalo Hunters tribe is led by Big Chief Spoon.

C

C.J. Chenier & the Red Hot Louisiana Band, 5/4, FDD, 6p: Zydeco king Clifton Chenier’s son has long emerged as a bandleader in his own right. His latest album, Can’t Sit Down has a killer version of Tom Waits’ “Clap Hands.”

The Caesar Brothers Funkbox, 4/29, J&H, 4:20p: Solid, Uptown funk from keyboardist and drummer Norman and Rickey Caesar, whose musical family members include an assortment of Nevilles.

Capoeira New Orleans, 5/7, KID, 4:10p: Participants and students from this local Afro-Brazilian arts program show off their moves.

Carsie Blanton, 5/4, LAG, 4:20p: Singer songwriter Carsie Blanton has taken her talents for writing, voice, guitar and piano from the streets of her adopted hometown of New Orleans to acclaim with her seven albums and relentless touring (including a slot opening for Paul Simon in 2014).

CC Adcock + The Lafayette Marquis, 4/30, ACU, 12:25p: A bona fide South Louisiana icon, the multi-talented, free-wheeling CC Adcock has earned Grammy nods as a composer for film and is considered one of the finest present-day players of the swamp-rock sound, melding the electric blues, zydeco and Cajun styles.

Cedric Burnside Project, 5/4, BLU, 1:30p: Undeniably influenced by his grandfather R.L.’s sound, Burnside brings a powerful, fierce energy to the stage. Switching back and forth between acoustic guitar and drums, the project provides blues in its most essential form, as well as intense upbeat dance tunes.

Cedric Watson & Bijou Creole, 5/5, FDD, 11:10a: A popular young fiddler, accordionist and singer, this four-time Grammy nominee boasts equal parts star power and skill; his influences range from Creole and Cajun to West African music and beyond.

Cha Wa, 5/4, ACU, 11:20a: Mardi Gras Indian singer Eric “Yettii” Boudreaux (Monk Boudreaux’s brother) formed this band to fuse Indian chants with blues. They’re joined by singer, guitarist and producer Papa Mali, an alum of the 7 Walkers with Bill Kreutzmann and George Porter, Jr.

Changüí Guantánamo of Cuba, 5/4, CUB, 1:30p, 3:10p; 5/5, CUB, 1:35p, J&H, 4:45p; 5/6, CUB, 11:20a, KID, 1:15p; 5/7, CUB, 11:30a, 12:40p: Changüí is the precursor to son, and eventually salsa, and is one of the oldest rhythms in Cuba. It originated in the eastern region of Guantánamo Province. Founded in 1945 by tres player Chito Latamblet, Changüí Guantánamo maintains the original Changüí music style and instrumentation. Although they have toured extensively Changüí Guantánamo’s last appearance in the U.S. dates back to 1989.

Charlie Gabriel & Friends, 5/4, ECO, 2:55: Preservation Hall Jazz Band’s clarinetist and vocalist Charlie Gabriel makes his Jazz Fest debut under his own name. The band includes Kyle Roussel on piano, Ben Jaffe on bass, Shannon Powell on drums, Kevin Lewis on trumpet and Craig Klein on trombone. Though the band will focus on traditional New Orleans music, Gabriel often credits the vitality of jazz with its unique ability to reflect the modern experiences of those who interpret it along with the history in which it’s rooted. See feature in this issue.

Charmaine Neville Band, 4/29, BLU, 12:05p: An exuberant jazz singer whose influences run the gamut of New Orleans music styles, Neville has long been a staple of the city’s scene, particularly at Snug Harbor.

Cheyenne Mardi Gras Indians, 5/4, PAR, 4:10p: This Mardi Gras Indian tribe takes its name after one of the most famous tribes of the Great Plains.

Chilluns & Dads with Cranston and Annie Clements, Dave and Darcy and Johnny Malone, and Spencer and Andre Bohren, 5/4, GEN, 12:45p: The “Chilluns” showcase is being picked up from Tipitina’s which presented the program last December. This two-generation show will feature the Malones (siblings Johnny and Darcy of Darcy Malone and the Tangle and father Dave Malone of the Radiators), the Clements (daughter Annie Clements of Sugarland and father Cranston), and the Bohrens (father Spencer and son Andre).

Chocolate Milk, 4/30, GEN, 1:50p: Inspired by the music of Kool & the Gang, saxophonist Amadee Castenell formed this funk, soul and disco outfit in the late ‘70s in New Orleans. They went on to replace the Meters as Allen Toussaint’s house band before breaking up in 1983. Their occasional reunion shows are a treat for old school soul-loving Fest-goers.

The Chosen Ones Brass Band, 4/28, PAR, 4p: Just now reaching their 20s, the rock-steady members of the nine-piece Chosen Ones bring a hip hop-infused, high-energy style to traditional New Orleans back beats and horn sections.

Chris Clifton & His Allstars, 5/4, ECO, 11:20a: Trumpeter Clifton met and had an association with Louis Armstrong, playing with the great trumpeter’s second wife Lil Hardin. He still honors the traditional sounds of Satchmo.

Chris Owens, 4/30, ECO, 5:35p: An old-school burlesque queen and beloved local character, Owens runs the closest thing to a PG-rated club on Bourbon Street. Her Jazz Fest shows tend to include the liveliest version of “YMCA” you’ll ever hear.

Chubby Carrier & the Bayou Swamp Band, 4/28, FDD, 1:35p: This third-generation bandleader won the last Best Zydeco or Cajun Album Grammy for his Zydeco Junkie in 2010. Carrier teamed up with Chris Ardoin in 2015 for Zydeco Stuff.

Chucho Valdés Quintet, 5/7, JAZ, 5:45p: Over the past 50 years, the pianist has affirmed himself as one of the prime figures in the Cuban jazz world. Founding member of staple band Irakere with Paquito D’Rivera, the multi-Grammy winner brings his quintet to spice up this year’s Cuban-flavored Jazz Fest.

The Clark Sisters, 4/30, GOS, 3:55p: This gospel vocal group consists of five sisters: Jacky Clark Chisholm, Denise Clark Bradford, Elbernita “Twinkie” Clark-Terrell, Dorinda Clark-Cole, and Karen Clark Sheard. They are the daughters of legendary gospel musician and choral director Dr. Mattie Moss Clark. Their biggest hit “You Brought the Sunshine” was awarded a gold record. They have won three Grammy awards.

Clive Wilson’s New Orleans Serenaders with Butch Thompson, 5/4, ECO, 1:40p: Known for their lively interpretations of old New Orleans classics by Armstrong, Kid Ory, and others, the members of the Serenaders have played together in various musical contexts since the ’60s.

Comanche Hunters Mardi Gras Indians, 4/29, J&H, 11:20a: Big Chief Keith Keke Gibson leads this Ninth Ward gang, performing traditionals like “Indian Red” and Monk Boudreaux’s “Lighting and Thunder.”

Conga Los Hoyos of Cuba, 4/30, CUB, 11:30p; 5/4; CUB, 11:30a, 5/5, CUB, 11:30a: From the Los Hoyos district of Santiago, Conga Los Hoyos dates back to 1902. The group is fully ingrained in the culture of Santiago de Cuba, each year closing the traditional carnival parades and participating in the annual Festival del Caribe. The hallmark of conga, the corneta china—or Chinese Cornet—leads a riotous mix of percussions including a pilón (bass drum), bocúes (small conga drums), quinto and requinto drums, redoblantes (snare drums) and llantas (car brake drums struck with a metal rod). This is their first time in the U.S.

Connie & Dwight Fitch with St. Raymond & St. Leo the Great Choir, 4/29, GOS, 12:05p: Seventh Ward couple, Connie and Dwight Fitch, have done romantic R&B as well as gospel; she has sung in the past with Ray Charles and Dr. John.

CoolNasty ft. Assata Jones and Ray Wimley, 5/5, CON, 11:25a: The young neo-soul jazz band, who hosts the weekly jam sessions, at the Jazz Market back up Chicago R&B singer Jones and New Orleans MC Ray Wimley.

COOT, 5/4, LAG, 11:30a: This local five-piece has been putting out original rock music for over two decades.

Corey Henry & Treme Funktet, 4/29, CON, 12:30p: Galactic trombonist Henry’s highly energetic funk band has quickly become one of the must-see groups around town in the last few years.

Corey Ledet & His Zydeco Band, 5/7, FDD, 12:15p: Ledet was already two years into his music career when he switched from drums to accordion at age 12. He released his latest work, Standing on Faith, last March.

Corinne Bailey Rae, 5/4, CON, 3:35p: English singer Corinne Bailey Rae has won two Grammy Awards with her beautiful voice and contemporary approach to soul and R&B. You may recognize her hits “Put Your Records On” and “Like A Star.”

Cowboy Mouth, 5/7, ACU, 12:30p: Singer/drummer Fred LeBlanc and guitarist John Thomas Griffith have led this anthemic rock band through a few lineups and any number of full-tilt live shows.

Craig Adams & Higher Dimensions of Praise, 4/30, GOS, 6:05p: Hammond player and Houston/New Orleans native Adams leads this dynamic, 16-piece gospel group.

Creole Osceola Mardi Gras Indians, 4/29, PAR, 3:15p: Mardi Gras Indian parade.

Creole String Beans, 5/7, FDD, 1:25p: Fronted by photographer Rick Olivier and featuring former Iguanas and Cowboy Mouth members, the Creole String Beans began as a “Y’at cover band” doing vintage local gems, and moved on to write similarly-styled originals.

Crescent City Lights Youth Theater, 4/29, KID, 4:10p: With performers aged 9 to 16, this group plays each summer at Gallier Hall in downtown New Orleans. In 2012, they won Most Outstanding Achievement in Acting at the Junior Theater Festival in Atlanta.

Culu Children’s Traditional African Dance Company with Stilt Walkers, 5/7, KID, 5:15p: Founded in 1988, this New Orleans-based company has toured the US and performed for Winnie Mandela.

Curtis Pierre & the Samba Kids, 4/30, KID, 5:20p: The self-professed “samba king of New Orleans” leads the Afro-Brazilian troupe he founded in 1987 on a series of parades and performances.

Cynthia Sayer & Her Joyride Quartet, 5/6, ECO, 4:05p: Banjoist and vocalist Cynthia Sayer is joined by Dennis Lichtman on clarinet and violin, Mike Weatherly on bass and vocals and Larry Eagle on drums. Sayer first rose to international prominence as a founding member of Woody Allen’s New Orleans Jazz Band. She is considered one of the top 4-string jazz banjoists in the world today.

Cyril Neville & SwampFunk, 4/29, BLU, 2:40p: In addition to stints playing with the Meters and the Neville Brothers, reggae-loving percussionist and singer Cyril has helmed funk outfit the Uptown Allstars and conducted a successful solo career.

D

Da Knockas Brass Band, 4/30, PAR, 2:30p: Formed in 2014, this eight-piece act plays contemporary brass band music, traditional New Orleans jazz and go-go funk.

Da Truth Brass Band, 5/6, PAR, 1:30p: Da Truth’s high-energy, tight renditions of New Orleans second line classics and originals have made them one of the best new brass bands in the streets on Sundays.

Dale Watson and His Lone Stars, 5/4, FDD, 4:25p: Alabama-born Austin denizen Dale Watson carries a punk-rock energy into his take on Texas country swing, playing guitar behind original numbers formed by his maverick streak and grooving to his melodic long-time backing band, the Lone Stars.

Darius Rucker, 5/4, GEN, 5:30p: Best known as the frontman for Hootie & The Blowfish, Charleston native Darius Rucker has spent the last decade developing a very successful career as a country music artist.

Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds, 5/5, ACU, 5:25p: Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds have been collaborating for over 25 years, though Reynolds has only been an official member of the massively popular Dave Matthews Band since 2008. As an acoustic duo, the pair primarily sticks to the DMB catalog. However, choice covers and Tim Reynolds originals are often part of the equation.

Davell Crawford, 5/5, BLU, 2:45p: Grandson of the late New Orleans R&B great James “Sugarboy” Crawford, Davell is an energetic keyboardist and soulful singer whose repertoire draws on R&B, jazz and gospel.

David & Roselyn, 5/5, 1:50p: Local duo David Leonard and Roselyn Lionheart’s blues and jazz sounds have been a French Quarter staple for years. They’ve also performed on the Smithsonian Institute’s PBS “River of Song” documentary.

David Batiste Sr. and the ReNEW Schools Turnaround Arts Choir, 5/5, KID, 5:15p: Louisiana Music Hall of Famer, David Batiste, Sr. has been working in ReNEW schools since their inception. His students even performed for Michelle Obama when she was First Lady.

David L. Harris, 4/28, JAZ, 11:15a: Baton Rouge native, trombonist, vocalist and composer David L. Harris will be joined by an A-team of young up-and-comers on the New Orleans jazz scene—pianist Shea Pierre, bassist Jasen Weaver and drummer Miles Labat. His debut CD Blues I Felt has been very well received.

Dawes, 5/7, FDD, 4:15p: Having cut their teeth creating a unique, atmospheric sound through years of heavy touring on the festival circuit, Los Angeles-based folk-rockers Dawes also have remarkable songwriting chops, as shown on their new album, We’re All Gonna Die.

Daymé Arocena of Cuba, 5/7, BLU, 11:15a, CUB, 1:50p: Singer composer and choir director, Daymé Arocena, approaches jazz, soul and classical influences with an innate sense of rhythm. Born and raised in Havana, Arocena’s music draws inspiration from the Caribbean island’s different rhythms and styles from Guantanamo’s fast-paced changüí, to guaguancó and ’70s-style ballads.

Deacon John, 4/28, BLU, 4:15p: The singer/guitarist’s long history in New Orleans music includes leading the band at debutante balls, performing at the Dew Drop Inn and playing on some of the city’s classic records like Aaron Neville’s “Tell It Like It Is” and Ernie K-Doe’s “Mother-In-Law.”

Deak Harp, 5/7, BLU, 1:10p: A protégé of James Cotton, this harmonica player performs a mix of Mississippi and Chicago blues; he also makes custom harmonicas at his store in Clarksdale, Miss.

Debbie Davis & the Mesmerizers, 5/6, ECO, 5:35p: Vocalist and ukulelist, Debbie Davis, stands out in the crowd of vocalists like a bird-of-paradise in a roomful of parakeets. Her voice is a magnificent, near-operatic instrument and her theatrical instincts are the stuff of Broadway musical-level performance. The Mesmerizers include her husband, bassist Matt Perrine, pianist Josh Paxton and guitarist Alex McMurray. See a review of Debbie Davis’ latest CD in this issue.

Deitrick Haddon, 4/29, GOS, 3:55p: Singer songwriter, music producer, pastor, and actor, Deitrick Haddon is best known for progressive gospel and contemporary styles of music. He is also one of the cast members in Oxygen’s reality television show Preachers of L.A.

Delfeayo Marsalis & the Uptown Jazz Orchestra, 4/29, JAZ, 6p: The trombonist, composer and producer recently intrigued with his release Make America Great Again!, his energetic UJO sets balance humor and fun with tight ensemble interplay and memorable solos.

The Deslondes, 5/5, LAG, 3:45p: Formerly the Tumbleweeds, this earthy songwriters ensemble describes itself as “country-soul swamp boogie.” The band’s leader is Sam Doores, a former traveler and companion of Hurray for the Riff Raff’s Alynda Lee Segarra. Three players share composing duties; fiddle and pedal steel player John James is also a standout.

Di Filippo Marionette, 4/30, KID, 1:50p: Italian marionette maker and actor Remo di Fillipo returns after a successful performance at last spring’s New Orleans International Puppet Festival.

Dillard University’s VisionQuest Gospel Chorale, 5/5, GOS, 6:05p: This choir’s homebase is the religious life department at Dillard, a local historically black liberal arts college that dates back to 1869.

Dirty Bourbon River Show, 4/29, LAG, 5:30p: This self-described “NOLA big brass circus rock” quintet is heavy on the rhythm—and the humor. They released their ninth studio album, Important Things Humans Should Know, in 2015.

The Dirty Dozen Brass Band, 4/29, ACU, 1:55p: This band was formed in 1977 by Benny Jones and introduced bebop and funk into the brass band sound They’ve continued to evolve by adding drum kit and electric guitar, and will celebrate their 40th anniversary this year.

Divine Ladies SA&PC, 4/29, PAR, 11:45a: This Uptown social aid and pleasure club’s annual parades generally kick off in serious style at St. Charles and Jackson Avenues.

DJ Captain Charles, 5/7, CON, 5p: The self-proclaimed “most renowned DJ in New Orleans,” Captain Charles has been spinning and fortifying his collection for more than 20 years.

DJ Raj Smoove, 5/6, CON, 4:55p: The New Orleans hip-hop DJ has worked extensively with Li’l Wayne and the Cash Money crew. He even performed for Stevie Wonder during a National Urban League conference.

DJ Shub, 4/28, J&H, 3p: Formerly of A Tribe Called Red (he parted ways in 2014), DJ Shub is an award winning music producer. His album Nation II Nation contains the popular singer “Electric Pow Ow Drum.”

The Don “Moose” Jamison Heritage School of Music Band, 5/7, LAG, 11:30a: Students from this Kidd Jordan-directed, New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Foundation-sponsored free music program.

Don Vappie & the Creole Jazz Serenaders, 5/7, ECO, 3p: An eclectic banjo player and singer, Vappie has made a career of exploring his Creole heritage through music, whether it’s traditional jazz, island music, or with Otis Taylor, Keb’ Mo’, Alvin Youngblood Hart and Corey Harris as part of the Black Banjo Project.

Donald Lewis, 5/5, KID, 4:10p: Local actor and educator Lewis teaches drama and storytelling and performs regularly with the group Young Audiences of Louisiana.

Doreen’s Jazz New Orleans, 5/5, ECO, 5:55p: Clarinetist Doreen Ketchens and her band perform traditional New Orleans jazz all over the world, and have played for Presidents Carter, Reagan, Bush Sr. and Clinton.

Doyle Cooper Jazz Band, 5/4, ECO, 5:50p: Alexandria, Louisiana native, trumpeter and vocalist Doyle Cooper started in 2006 playing sousaphone with the Red Hot Brass Band. He is a frequent performer at the Bourbon O Bar.

Dr. Brice Miller & Mahogany Brass Band, 5/7, J&H, 5:45p: Trumpeter and ethnomusicologist Miller leads this long-running traditional New Orleans jazz ensemble, his go-to band when he’s not delving into other pursuits like avant-garde jazz and electronic music.

Dr. John and the Gris-Gris Krewe, 4/30, ACU, 3:15p: New Orleans piano icon Dr. John has received six Grammy Awards and has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Dr. John’s zydeco, boogie-woogie rock ’n’ roll has had New Orleans and the rest of the world enamored since the late ’60s.

Dr. Michael White & the Original Liberty Jazz Band featuring Thais Clark, 5/6, ECO, 2:45p: Clarinetist and jazz scholar White frequently fuses traditional and modern styles in his Liberty Jazz Band. He recently produced an album’s worth of new recordings tracing the history of modern New Orleans brass band music for Smithsonian Folkways. Clark, his regular Jazz Fest guest, adds a vocal component to the set.

Dukes of Dixieland, 5/4, LAG, 12:40p: The Dukes are one of the most storied names in traditional jazz. This incarnation of the venerable jazz band was formed in 1974. For a few years afterward they ran their own club atop the Hotel Monteleone, taking the space over from Louis Prima.

Dumaine Street Gang, 4/29, PAR, 11:45a: The Treme-based Dumaine Street Gang Social Aid and Pleasure Club hits the Sixth Ward’s hottest spots during its annual parade.

Dwayne Dopsie & the Zydeco Hellraisers, 4/30, FDD, 6p: This second-generation accordion slinger carries on the blues-infused style of his dad Dopsie Sr., often with a whole lot of added speed and volume.

E

L. S., 5/4, CON, 12:35p: A three-piece singing group with a multi-decade repertoire that includes classics from Aretha Franklin, the Supremes, Sister Sledge, Petti Labelle, Bonnie Raitt, Whitney Houston and more.

E’Dana and Divinely Destin, 4/29, GOS, 1p: Gospel singer and stage actress E’Dana has been touring and recording since she was 15. She hits the Fairgrounds with her Louisiana-based group, Divinely Destin.

Earth, Wind & Fire, 5/5, CON, 5:25p: Classic R&B group made Jazz Fest history a few years ago when they filled in for Aretha Franklin on less than 24 hours’ notice. Leader Maurice White no longer tours with the group, but Philip Bailey’s trademark tenor is still upfront.

Ed Volker’s Quintet Narcosis, 4/30, LAG, 3:50p: The former Radiators keyboardist remains a fine and prolific songwriter. These days he usually performs acoustically with sax and percussion, still doing many of the trademark Rads tunes.

Eddie Cotton & the Mississippi Cotton Club, 5/4, BLU, 2:55p: Eddie Cotton is an electric blues guitarist from Clinton, Miss. He grew up singing and playing gospel music at church and playing the music of blues legends, especially B.B. King.

Egg Yolk Jubilee, 5/4, LAG, 5:30p: Currently celebrating their 20-year anniversary, Egg Yolk Jubilee last played Jazz Fest in 2008. The hard-to-describe, yet consummately New Orleans band, are “too rock for the jazz crowd and too jazz for the rock crowd” says trumpeter Eric Belletto. See our feature in this issue.

Eleanor McMain “Singing Mustangs,” 5/4, GOS, 11:20a: The McMain Secondary School Gospel Choir, a.k.a. the McMain Singing Mustangs, return for their seventh Jazz Fest performance under the guidance of Clyde Lawrence.

The Electrifying Crown Seekers, 5/7, GOS, 12:05p: Keep an ear peeled for this Marrero, Louisiana-based group’s rendition of “Walk Around Heaven,” featuring a soloist whose falsetto voice won’t preclude him from topping out on the tune’s highest-register notes.

Elle King, 4/30, GEN, 3:50p: Last year, this singer, guitarist and banjo player with a penchant for rocking out released her debut, Love Stuff, which quickly rose to number one on Billboard’s Alternative Songs chart and earned her two Grammy nods.

Ellis Marsalis Center for Music Jazz Ensemble, 4/28, KID, 1:50p: Located in the Musicians’ Village, the Ellis Marsalis Center for Music offers opportunities for underserved children, youth, and musicians. The Center provides afterschool and Saturday music lessons for children ages 7-18. The students in the Ensemble practice once a week for 90 minutes and perform a varied repertoire that explores all genres of jazz, from traditional New Orleans music to the music of the Swing Era and the Blues.

Ellis Marsalis, 5/7, JAZ, 1:30p: The legendary modern jazz pianist and patriarch of the Marsalis family still holds court Friday nights at Snug Harbor. He recorded The Last Southern Gentlemen last year, his first full-length album with his son, trombonist Delfeayo Marsalis.

Eric Lindell, 5/4, BLU, 4:15p: Once a California skate-punk, Lindell had more success as a blue-eyed soul and bluesman after moving to New Orleans. His tight backing band explores the slightly country-influenced edges of Louisiana roots rock on albums such as his last one, Matters of the Heart.

Erica Campbell of Mary Mary, 5/4, GOS, 3:45p: Contemporary gospel and R&B recording artist started her music career in 1998 with her younger sister, Tina Campbell, as part of the gospel group, Mary Mary. Her solo music career began in 2013 and has won a Grammy Award for Best Gospel Album. She is the host of Get Up! Mornings with Erica Campbell with comedian Griff, that airs on the Radio One show Urban Gospel.

Erica Falls, 5/7, CON, 11:20p: This soulful New Orleans R&B vocalist has sung with Allen Toussaint and Irma Thomas but her chops—and songwriting skills—warrant recognition on their own merit.

F

Family Ties Social Aid and Pleasure Club, 4/29, PAR, 11:45a: This popular Social Aid and Pleasure Club is based downtown, generally strutting down Basin Street on its annual Sunday parade.

Feufollet, 5/5, FDD, 12:10p: This Grammy-nominated crew of young Cajun musicians helmed by Chris Stafford recently expanded their sound by adding violinist, singer songwriter, Kelli Jones-Savoy, who co-wrote much of their 2015 release, Two Universes, and keyboardist Andrew Toups.

Fi Yi Yi & the Mandingo Warriors, 5/6, J&H, 11:20a: The Fi Yi Yi tribe of Mardi Gras Indians uses African instead of the traditional American Indian themes. Big Chief Victor Harris marched for 25 years with legendary Indian Tootie Montana.

First Baptist Church of Vacherie Mass Choir, 4/29, GOS, 11:15a: Minister of Music Joseph B. Warrick leads this Vacherie, Louisiana, based gospel choir whose homebase is the town’s First Baptist Church, which dates back to 1866.

First Emanuel Baptist Church Mass Choir, 5/6, GOS, 6:05p: This choir is based in the Central City Church on Carondelet Street and is one of New Orleans’ most celebrated church singing groups.

Flow Tribe, 4/30, ACU, 11:15a: “Backbone cracking music” is the chosen genre of this party-friendly funk/rock band, which has Red Hot Chili Peppers, hip-hop to the Meters on its list of funk influences.

Franklin Avenue Music Ministry, 5/7, GOS, 6:05p: One of New Orleans’ largest and most powerful church choirs, and a former winner for Best Gospel Group at OffBeat’s Best of the Beat Awards.

Free Agents Brass Band, 5/4, J&H, 1:40p: Bass drummer Ellis Joseph formed this band in September 2005 with other musicians who’d returned to New Orleans after Katrina before their regular bands did; don’t miss their moving hit, “Made It Through the Water,” a modern riff on the spiritual “Wade In the Water.”

Free Spirits Brass Band, 5/4, PAR, 12:30p: A local festival favorite, the young and heavy-hitting Free Spirits are known for a bringing a rock edge to the typical brass-band sound that proves a dance-friendly fan favorite.

The Furious Five SA&PC, 4/30, PAR 2:30p: This acclaimed division of the Young Men Olympian, Jr. Benevolent Association is largely credited with changing the dance style of the SA&PC community’s annual parades, although its members look to Rebirth for providing the music that inspired them to innovate.

G

Gal Holiday and the Honky Tonk Revue, 5/4, GEN, 11:20: Big-voiced Maryland native Vanessa Niemann fronts one of the city’s leading Western swing bands, which plays originals, honky-tonk favorites, and less obvious choices like Dylan’s “Don’t Think Twice, It’s Alright.”

Galactic, 5/7, ACU, 1:45p: Brass band elements, old-school soul and hard rock figure as prominently as the funk these jam band scene stalwarts are known for. Their high-energy Fest sets often feature a little percussion lagniappe in the form of Mike Dillon.

Geno Delafose & French Rockin’ Boogie, 4/28, FDD, 6p: Originally the drummer in his late father John Delafose’s band, Geno took to accordion and became a popular bandleader specializing in country-styled zydeco, when not raising horses and cattle at his Double D Ranch outside Eunice, Louisiana.

Gente de Zona, 4/30, GEN, 3:35p: Havana, Cuba’s Gente de Zona was founded by Alexander Delgado in 2000. The group combines reggaeton rhythms with more traditional forms of Cuban music. They have collaborated with Enrique Iglesias on “Bailando”. The track was awarded three Latin Grammy awards.

George Benson, 4/30, JAZ, 5:40p: The singer/guitarist practically invented crossover jazz with his smash 1976 album Breezin’. His music remains a mix of jazz and smooth R&B. Benson invited New Orleans’ Wynton Marsalis to play on his 2 album, Inspiration: A Tribute to Nat King Cole.

George French & the New Orleans Storyville Jazz Band, 5/7, ECO, 5:40p: As a bassist, French played on some landmark ’60s sessions with Earl King, Red Tyler and Robert Parker. As a vocalist, he brings a silky touch to jazz and blues standards.

George Porter, Jr. & Runnin’ Pardners, 5/4, ACU, 1:35p: As a founding Meter and a jamming partner to just about everybody, bassist Porter is one of the cornerstones of New Orleans funk. The band’s 2011 full-length album Can’t Beat the Funk applies fresh spins to lesser-known nuggets from the Meters catalogue.

Gerald French & the Original Tuxedo Jazz Band, 4/29, ECO, 5:50p: The late drummer and colorful WWOZ personality Bob French led this band for 34 years, schooling young talents like Shamarr Allen and Kid Chocolate. When he retired from the band French passed the torch to his nephew Gerald, also a drummer.

Germaine Bazzle, 5/5, JAZ, 1:35p: This locally prized jazz singer can caress a ballad or scat-sing an up-tempo number with the best. Her history includes a stint playing bass on Bourbon Street with Alvin “Red” Tyler; both OffBeat and the Jazz Journalism Association recently honored her 50-plus-years of work in music education with awards.

Glen David Andrews and the Treme Choir, 4/30, GOS, 1:55p: This singer/trombonist, cousin of Troy and James Andrews, is a brass traditionalist and a testifying R&B vocalist who honed his entertaining chops in Jackson Square. His album Redemption was named the number one album of 2014 by OffBeat Magazine. Here, he explores his gospel roots with a full choir.

Glen David Andrews Band, 5/6, BLU, 12,15p: Andrews (see above), performs material from his go-to repertoire.

Go Getters Social Aid and Pleasure Club, 4/28, PAR, 4p: A parading branch of the Krewe of Zulu.

Golden Comanche Mardi Gras Indians, 5/5, PAR, 1p: One of the most in-demand young Indian vocalists, Big Chief Juan Pardo, leads this uptown Indian tribe.

Golden Sioux Mardi Gras Indians, 4/28, PAR, 2:45p: Mardi Gras Indian parade.

Goldman Thibodeaux & the Lawtell Playboys, 5/6, FDD, 11:15a: This accordion and fiddle-centric band, formed in 1946, plays a form of music called Creole La La, an early American roots style that became one of the components of zydeco.

The Gospel Inspirations of Boutte, 4/28, GOS, 11:15a: These Gospel Tent regulars, formed in 1979 by David Diggs Jr. and Kevin Drake, perform music of the spirit. Not related to the local Boutte singing family, the ensemble’s name derives from their hometown of Boutte, Louisiana.

The Gospel Soul of Irma Thomas, 5/7, GOS, 3:55p: If you heard 1993’s Walk Around Heaven, you know how stirring Thomas can be as a gospel singer. She has a personal rule against singing gospel during a secular set, but her sacred side feeds into everything the Soul Queen of New Orleans sings.

GrayHawk presents Native American Lore, 5/4, KID, 12:40p: This Houma, Louisiana resident shares stories from his Choctaw heritage.

Gregg Martinez & the Delta Kings’ Swamp Pop Revue feat. GG Shinn, T.K. Hulin & Tommy McLain, 5/5, FDD, 1:20p:: A trio of celebrated swamp pop stars—Boogie Kings alum Shin and pals—revisit material from their storied pasts.

Gregg Stafford & His Young Tuxedo Brass Band, 5/7, ECO, 1:45p: Trumpeter Stafford made his Bourbon Street performing debut in 1970; he has led the Young Tuxedo Brass Band for over three decades.

Gregg Stafford’s Jazz Hounds, 4/29, ECO, 1:35p: Stafford’s other traditional New Orleans jazz ensemble, the Jazz Hounds, have been under his direction since the death of Danny Barker in 1984.

Gregory Agid Quartet, 5/6, JAZ, 11:15a: Arguably the most impressive young clarinetist in New Orleans today, Gregory Agid elevates his instruments every time he surrounds himself with this top-notch group of New Orleans players. OffBeat named the band’s latest album, Words Are Not Enough, one of the 50 best albums of 2016.

Grey Seal Puppets, 4/29, KID, 12:40p: North Carolina-based puppetry group Grey Seal performs prolifically, creating stories that feature members of their wide-ranging character crew.

Grupo Caury of Cuba, 4/28, CUB, 11:30a, 2:05p; 4/29, CUB, 11:30a, J&H, 1:45p; 4/30, J&H, 12:25p, CUB, 3:15p: Grupo Caury was founded in 2015 in Santiago de Las Vegas, a small community near Havana, Cuba. Its members are musicians and practitioners of Abakuá, a secret mutual aid fraternal society. Grupo Caury presents the percussive rhythms, songs, visual arts, theater and dances of Abakuá, while incorporating other Afro-Cuban traditions unique to Cuba.

Grupo Sensacion, 5/6, LAG, 11:30a: Jaime Perez and Yenima Rojas founded this energetic, pan-Latin ensemble in 2006 after working together in Ritmo Caribeno; both their members and their influences span a variety of Latin American countries.

H

Hardhead Hunters Mardi Gras Indians, 5/7, J&H, 3:15p: This Mardi Gras Indian tribe hails from the 7th Ward.

Harry Connick, Jr., ACU, 5:25p: Talk show host, actor, Mardi Gras krewe founder and, of course, formidable jazz pianist and singer, Harry Connick Jr. needs no introduction. He’s one of New Orleans’ favorite sons and we’re excited to have him back at the Fair Grounds.

Helen Gillet, 4/28, LAG, 1:50p: This Belgium-born cellist and singer performs avant-garde jazz and French chansons with gusto. She’s become a cornerstone of the city’s music scene in recent years, lending her skills to multiple improvisational projects.

Henry Butler’s Jambalaya Band, 5/6, BLU, 4p: Butler brings a mix of James Booker’s Chopin-esque classical virtuosity, Jelly Roll Morton’s theatricality and Professor Longhair’s sense of humor to bear to his deeply funky and jazz-influenced sense of blues piano. Though he was diagnosed with cancer earlier this year, the staple pianist continues to perform.

Henry Gray, 5/4, BLU, 12:25p: Hailing from just outside Baton Rouge, Gray is a key architect of the Chicago blues piano sound. In addition to playing with Howlin’ Wold for a dozen years, he recorded with the Rolling Stones, Buddy Guy, James Cotton, Robert Lockwood, Jr. and many others.

Herb Alpert & Lani Hall, 5/4, JAZ, 6p: Herb Alpert, the trumpet-playing leader of the Tijuana Brass and co-founder of the enormously successful A&M Records, makes his Jazz Fest debut. Singer Lani Hall, Alpert’s wife and former member of Brasil ’66 joins him. See Backtalk interview in this issue.

Herbert McCarver & the Pin Stripe Brass Band, 5/5, J&H, 3:25p: One of the best young bands playing traditional brass band music in town, the YPS represents a new generation of the Original Pin Stripes, founded by McCarver’s father.

High Performance, 4/28, FDD, 12:25p: Although committed to other bands, fiddlers Kevin Dugas and Steve Riley have created a powerful Cajun dance hall vibe. Besides Dugas and Riley, High Performance includes Jamey Bearb, Jason Bergeron, Richard Comeaux and Brazos Huva.

High Steppers Brass Band, 5/5, J&H, 11:15a: This young local brass band mixes traditional New Orleans brass sounds with plenty of hip-hop influences.

Higher Heights Reggae, 4/30, CON, 11:20a: Performing an array of Studio One classics and other hits, this New Orleans-based reggae act is a staple of Frenchmen Street’s small but growing reggae scene.

Hobgoblin Hill Puppets, 5/7, KID, 3p: Humor and satire are priorities in performances by this Louisiana-based puppetry group, which features hand-carved and sculpted puppets.

Honey Island Swamp Band, 4/29, BLU, 3:55p: Formed in San Francisco by Katrina exiles who’ve since returned to town, the HISB is a hard-driving rock band with roots in R&B, country and funk.

I

The Iguanas, 5/4, FDD: 2:55p: With Tex-Mex rock ’n’ roll as their base, the Iguanas can swing freely into jazz, country, garage and Caribbean music. Their rock-heavy 2014 release was Juarez.

Irma Thomas, 5/6, ACU, 3:05p: With a career that spans more than 50 years, Thomas earned her royal nickname through innumerable contributions to the development of soul and R&B. While she still plays early hits like “It’s Raining” and “Time is on My Side,” she continues to introduce new material.

Irvin Mayfield, 5/4, ACU, 12:25p: Trumpeter Irvin Mayfield is the founding artistic director of the New Orleans Jazz Orchestra. He and NOJO recently opened The Peoples Health New Orleans Jazz Market on Oretha Castle Haley Boulevard. His latest record captured the NOJO’s performance at Newport. See review in this issue.

ISL Circus Art Kids, 5/4, KID, 5:15p: Students from the International School of Louisiana in New Orleans make up this young group of acrobats, stilt walkers and clowns.

Ivan Neville’s Dumpstaphunk with Art Neville, 5/6, ACU, 1:40p: The well-travelled keyboardist makes some of the deepest funk of his career with this band, which features two bass guitars, giving it a seriously fat bottom.

Ivoire Spectacle feat. Seguenon Kone, 5/5, J&H, 5:55p: Percussionist and Ivory Coast native Seguenon Kone made New Orleans his home in 2008. L’Ivoire Spectacle features African rhythms with his virtuoso associates.

J

Monque’D & Lil’ Creole Wild West, 5/6, BLU, 11:10a: The song and album title “Chitlin Eatin’ Music” best describes the output of this longtime harmonica wailer and Uptown character.

Jambalaya Cajun Band with D.L. Menard, 5/7, FDD, 11:10a: This group was founded in 1977 by fiddler Terry Huval. They’re joined by Menard, who’s often called the “Cajun Hank Williams.”

James Andrews & the Crescent City Allstars, 4/28, BLU, 2:55p: Nicknamed “Satchmo of the Ghetto,” trumpeter Andrews (the grandson of Jessie Hill and brother of Trombone Shorty) has gone in a funky, expansive direction with his Allstars, although Louis Armstrong remains a key influence.

James Rivers Movement, 4/30, JAZ, 1:30p: Perhaps the city’s only jazz/funk saxophonist who doubles as a bagpipe player, Rivers was also known for a longtime (now discontinued) Sunday brunch at the Hilton, and for scoring Clint Eastwood’s The Bridges of Madison County.

Jamil Sharif, 4/28, ECO, 12:30p: This local trumpeter studied with Ellis Marsalis at NOCCA and went on to do a number of soundtracks, including the Ray Charles biopic Ray, for which he was music coordinator.

Jamison Ross, 5/7, JAZ, 2:40p: Florida native Jamison Ross has become one of New Orleans premier jazz drummers since earning his Masters of Music at UNO. His debut album, Jamison, was nominated for a Grammy in 2016.

Jason Marsalis, 5/5, JAZ, 2:45p: This young Marsalis brother began as a vibraphonist but spends more time behind the drums these days. In both situations, he expertly matches agile displays of technique with a deep sense of groove.

Javier Gutierrez & Vivaz!, 4/29, J&H, 12:20p: Afro-Caribbean rhythms meet Latin jazz and Flamenco in this spirited, New Orleans-based quintet.

Javier’s Dance Company, 4/30, KID, 12:45p: Dancers from Javier’s Dance Studio in Slidell perform under the tutelage of Javier Juarez, Melissa Juarez and Muriel Santana.

The Jazz Epistles featuring Abdullah Ibrahim & Ekaya and Hugh Masekela, 4/29, JAZ, 4:15: South African pianist Abdullah Ibrahim and his Ekaya Chamber Ensemble, are joined by master trumpeter Hugh Masekela to share the story of The Jazz Epistles. This album produced only 500 copies in 1959 and remained hidden during the terrors of Apartheid.

Jeffery Broussard and the Creole Cowboys, 5/5, FDD, 2:50p: Once a member of the funky Zydeco Force, singer/accordionist Broussard turns to old-school Creole and zydeco with this group.

Jeremy Davenport, 5/6, JAZ, 12:20p: Schooled as the featured trumpeter in Harry Connick, Jr.’s band, this St. Louis native has carved out a solo career with a tender tone to both his playing and singing on romantic standards and originals.

Jermaine Landrum & the Abundant Praise Revival Choir, 5/6, GOS, 2:50p: Landrum, the director of this New Orleans-based choir, has been leading gospel groups since the age of 9.

Jesse McBride Big Band, 5/4, JAZ, 1:45p: Pianist Jesse McBride has led The Next Generation for more than ten years, taking over for his mentor Harold Battiste who passed away in 2015. McBride remains focused on contemporary jazz performing compositions by Harold Battiste, James Black, Clyde Kerr Jr., Ellis Marsalis, Alvin “Red” Tyler and others.

Joe Krown Trio feat. Walter “Wolfman” Washington and Russell Batiste, Jr., 4/28, BLU, 1:40p: Three instrumental powerhouses join forces in this organ/guitar/drums trio that has become a full-time band, cutting three CDs, and writing some fine originals including their anthem “You Can Stay But That Noise Gotta Go.”

Joe Louis Walker, 4/30, BLU, 3:55p: Electric blues guitarist and singer Walker blends elements of the psychedelic music scene from his hometown of San Francisco and a bit of gospel into his prolific body of work. His 2014 release, Hellfire, features an eclectic range of tracks including a pair of Springsteen and Stones covers.

The Joey Alexander Trio, 4/28, JAZ, 4:25p: This Indonesian 13 year-old became an Internet sensation by interpreting complex jazz compositions from Coltrane, Monk and Corea. The young prodigy was then taken in by masters of the music like Herbie Hancock or Wynton Marsalis and has been touring around the world.

John Boutté, 4/30, JAZ, 4p: A local favorite with a high and haunting voice, Boutte is an inspired, passionate interpreter of songs. His acclaim spread widely after his tune “Treme Song” became the theme of the HBO series Treme.

John Mahoney Big Band, 4/28, JAZ, 12:25p: Trombonist, pianist and Loyola music professor Mahoney leads this large modern jazz ensemble, featuring a slew of the city’s top horn players.

John Mooney & Bluesiana, 5/6, BLU, 1:20p: Once a protégé of the late blues great Son House, this blazing blues guitarist has been a local fixture since the mid-’70s, when he arrived from the Mississippi Delta and began sitting in with Professor Longhair and Earl King.

Johnette Downing and Scott Billington, 4/29, KID, 3p: This local duo, comprised of children’s author and guitarist Downing and Grammy-winning producer Billington, present a medley of Louisiana roots music dubbed “Swamp Romp.”

Johnny Sansone, 4/28, BLU, 11:20a: A multi-instrumentalist who draws from swamp-rock, blues and zydeco, Sansone has two aces in the hole: his songwriting and his gut-shaking harmonica solos.

Johnnyswim, 4/29, FDD, 4:35p: After emerging as a rising star duo with huge potential, Los Angeles-via-Nashville singer songwriters Abner Ramirez and Amanda Sudano Ramirez signed with Sony/RED-distributed Big Picnic Records and have released four albums in the past two years. Their unusual combination of boleros, folk, R&B and rock made them a standout at last year’s Bonnaroo festival.

The Johnson Extension, 4/29, GOS, 5:10p: New Orleans spiritual leader and matriarch Rev. Lois Dejean leads four generations of family members in sacred song.

Jon Batiste & Stay Human, 4/29, ACU, 3:25p: This charismatic, New Orleans-born pianist was already at work redefining the boundaries of jazz and performance art with his band’s “love riots” and “social music” when Stephen Colbert tapped him for The Late Show. His Stay Human Band performs interactive shows fueled by audience participation and positivity. See feature in this issue.

Jon Cleary, 4/29, GEN, 1:40p: Since moving over from the UK in the ’80s, Cleary’s earned a place in the frontline of New Orleans blues singers and keyboardists. He won a Grammy Award for his CD GoGo Juice. His latest CD Live at Chicke Wah Wah was just released in time for Jazz Fest.

Jonathon “Boogie” Long, 5/7, BLU, 12:05p: This soulful Baton Rouge-based blues guitar slinger has opened for B.B. King and performed with Dr. John, Kenny Neal and many others.

The Jones Sisters, 5/4, GOS, 1:50p: Grade school-aged sisters Kayla, Kiera, Dalia and Dejon Jones comprise this gospel quartet, which first performed when the youngest sister was only two.

Jonny Lang, 4/29, BLU, 5:25p: Lang’s first taste of musical success came when he released a hit record at 15. Since then, the guitarist has widened his scope beyond blues and expanded his songwriting skills, tapping into personal experience and social injustice on his new album, Fight For My Soul.

Jonte Landrum and the Gentlemen, 5/7, GOS, 1:55p: This powerful young voice comes from a long line of gospel singers; Landrum’s grandmother Rev. Lois DeJean sang lead for the popular Johnson Extension.

Josh Kagler & Harmonistic Praise Crusade, 4/28, GOS, 1p: The members of this New Orleans gospel group range from age 17-30 and claim they are “radical for Christ.”

Jr. Hebert & the Maurice Playboys, 5/4, FDD, 11:15a: Accordionist Jr. Hebert has won Accordionist of the Year, Male Vocalist of the Year, Best First CD, Best Traditional CD of the Year and Band of the Year at the Annual Le Cajun Music Awards in Opelousas, Louisiana. Although his dad gave him his first accordion when he was in his late 20s he didn’t start playing it until he was in his mid-40s.

Judith Owen & Krewe de Jude, 5/6, LAG, 5:15p: Singer songwriter and pianist Judith Owen is known for her musical variety, which she melds into a stylistic gumbo all her own. She says of her partner Harry Shearer, “I’m with somebody who makes me laugh.” Her latest recording, Somebody’s Child, was released in March.

Julio y Cesar Band, 4/30, LAG, 12:55p: These local brothers do Latin-American music on twin classical guitars, and have lately expanded from duo to band.

K

Kai Knight’s Silhouette Dance Ensemble, 5/7, KID, 1:50p: New Orleans troupe that aims to teach young African-American woman about positive image and self-expression through dance.

Kamau & Spirit of the Drums, 5/4, KID, 11:30p: The story of the African drum, the tambourine, and the bass drum in the street rituals and celebrations of New Orleans is told with original poetry and songs.

Kat Walker Jazz Band: Scat with Miss Kat, 5/5, KID, 11:30p: Kids learn the art of scat singing with a live band, live-action jazz karaoke style.

Kathy Taylor and Favor, 4/28, GOS, 3:55p: Taylor is a singer and choir leader from the Windsor Village United Methodist Church in Houston.

Keep N It Real SA&PC, 4/28, PAR? 12:20p: This young Bayou St. John-based parade club features solid dancers and parades with some of the best brass bands in town.

Keith Frank & the Soileau Zydeco Band, 5/4, FDD, 1:40p: Frank leads his hard-driving zydeco band, which formed in 1990.

Kenny Barron Trio, JAZ, 4:05p: Giant of modern jazz, this pianist made a name for himself backing Dizzy Gillespie in the 1960s. Since then, Barron’s presence on the jazz scene has been almost uninterrupted. With hundreds of records as both leader and sideman under his belt, he is considered onw of the most influential jazz musicians of his era.

Kenny Bill Stinson & the Ark-LA-Mystics, 5/7, LAG, 3:50p: Guitarist and singer Stinson performs a range of Western Louisiana-rooted rock, country and rockabilly.

Kenny Neal, 4/29, BLU, 1:10p: Local guitar-slinger and multi-instrumentalist Neal’s brand of laid-back swamp blues landed him an induction into the Louisiana Music Hall of Fame.

Kenny Wayne Shepherd Band, 5/6, BLU, 5:40p: Shepherd has been impressing audiences with his blues guitar prowess since he was 13. Nearly three decades later he’s earned a reputation as one of the finest guitarists in blues, with seven number one blues albums and five Grammy nominations to his name.

Kermit Ruffins & the Barbeque Swingers, 5/7, ACU, 3:30p: One of New Orleans’ most beloved trumpeters and personalities, Ruffins digs swingin’, smokin’ and partyin’ … traditional style.

Kermit Ruffins’ Tribute to Louis Armstrong, 5/7, ECO, 4:20p: Ruffins shows off his more serious side in this set devoted to his hero, Satchmo.

Khari Allen Lee & the New Creative Collective, 5/7, JAZ, 12:20p: This jazz-trained saxophonist and multi-instrumentalist performs spiritually-inspired music from the collective’s third album New Earth. Lately, Lee has recorded with Dr. John, Terence Blanchard, Bobby Rush and Delfeayo Marsalis.

Kid Simmons’ Local International Allstars, 4/28, ECO, 11:15a: An early devotee of George “Kid Sheik” Cola, trumpeter Simmons has been active in traditional jazz since his arrival in New Orleans in 1966 and cut his teeth in Harold Dejean’s Olympia Brass Band and the Young Tuxedo Brass Band.

KID smART Student Showcase, 4/28, KID, 12:40p: This organization brings arts initiatives to a range of public schools in Orleans and Jefferson Parishes, and its student groups have been a fixture at the kids’ tent.

Kim Carson and the Real Deal, 4/28, LAG, 4:20p: A longtime New Orleans local who now resides in Houston, Carson is a classic-model honky-tonk angel, able to charm with bawdy humor and then break hearts with a ballad.

Kim Che’re, 5/6, GOS, 1p: This local gospel singer (via New York) has worked as Minister of Music for groups including New Home Full Gospel Ministries, Beacon Light of Hammond and Greater Mount Calvary Church; she’s contributed to the Gospel Music Workshop of America since 1978.

Kinfolk Brass Band, 5/6, J&H, 1:40p: Formed in 2006, the Kinfolk are true to the traditional brass-band sound, performing classics like “Bourbon Street Parade” and “I’ll Fly Away” along with their originals.

King James & the Special Men, 5/5, LAG, 5:20p: These purveyors of classic New Orleans R&B are known for digging up and reinvigorating rare gems from the ‘40s and ‘50s in their high-powered, soul-soaked live shows.

Kings of Leon, 5/7, ACU, 3:35p: Comprised of three brothers and one cousin (or maybe one man and three cousins depending on how you look at it) Kings of Leon first rose to prominence with a gritty Southern rock sound. Incorporating alternative and stadium rock into the mix has only increased their popularity, making headlining slots at major festivals a regular occurrence.

Kristin Diable & the City, 4/28, GEN, 11:20a: This deep-voiced Baton Rouge native made a name for herself in New York City’s singer songwriter community before returning to New Orleans. NPR likened her singing on 2015’s Create Your Own Mythology to that of a lighter hearted Amy Winehouse.

Kumbuka African Dance & Drum Collective, 4/28, J&H, 11:20a: Founded in 1983 and based in New Orleans, this troupe brings African music and dance to grade schools throughout Louisiana; members range from ages 10 to 55.

L

Ladies of Unity SA&PC, 4/28, PAR, 4p: These lady steppers hail from Uptown and call the famous Sportsman’s Lounge on 2nd and Dryades their HQ.

Lady & Men Rollers SA&PC, 5/5, PAR, 12:10p: Uptown-based social aid and pleasure club.

Lady Jetsetters SA&PC, 5/7, PAR, 1:45p: Uptown’s Lady Jetsetters Social Aid and Pleasure Club recently celebrated their 25th anniversary.

Lake Area High School “Singing Leopards”, 5/4, GOS, 12:10p: The Singing Leopards are led by choir director Jessica Harvey who also fronts her own gospel group. Lake Area New Tech Early College High School is in the Gentilly area of New Orleans and was established in 2011.

Lake Street Dive, 5/5, GEN, 2:05p: Gifted singer Rachel Price leads this outfit, and her considerable talents are bolstered by three incredible backing musicians. It’s really no surprise that this group, whose pop-tinged sound is reminiscent of ’60s favorites likeMotown and the Beatles, was trained at the prestigious New England Conservatory. See feature in this issue.

Lakou Mizik of Haiti, 4/30, J&H, 2:55p: Lakou Mizik is a collective of Haitian musicians formed in the aftermath of the devastating 2010 earthquake. The group includes elder legends and rising young talents, united in a mission to honor the healing spirit of their collective culture and communicate a message of pride, strength and hope to their countrymen and the world.

Landry Walker Charter High School Choir, 5/4, GOS, 1p: A 40-plus member gospel choir from the West Bank school whose brass band recently won $10,000 in the Class Got Brass competition.

Lars Edegran & the New Orleans Ragtime Orchestra, 5/5, ECO, 12:30p: Formed in 1967 by Swedish-born pianist Lars Edegran, this band plays rags, cakewalks and other classic pieces from the original ragtime era.

The Last Straws, 4/29, ECO, 11:15: This local seven-piece has been playing traditional New Orleans jazz for more than 50 years.

Lawrence Sieberth presents Estrella Banda, 4/30, JAZ, 2:40p: New Orleans-based pianist and composer Sieberth has a knack for blending classical and world music with modern jazz. When he’s not leading his own projects, he performs regularly with Germaine Bazzle, Lena Prima and Gerald French.

Leah Chase, 5/6, JAZ, 1:30p: A classically trained opera singer who turned to jazz, Chase is also the daughter of two of New Orleans’ most famous restaurateurs.

Lee Konitz Quartet, 5/4, JAZ, 3:05p: The saxophonist has played through all jazz ages since the big band era, notably recording on Miles Davis’ Cool sessions. At 89 years old, Konitz released Frescalato in 2017, his 131st record as a leader. See feature in this issue.

Leila Phillips Wild Apaches Mardi Gras Indians, 4/28, KID, 3p: From Mandeville, Louisiana, 15 year old jazz vocalist Leila Phillips is inspired by the repertoire of Ella Fitzgerald, Nina Simone and Amy Winehouse. Accompanying her will be a band coordinated by Damon Batiste.

Leo Jackson & the Melody Clouds, 4/28, GOS, 2:50p: This family group was formed in 1965 and is now led by founder Leo Jackson’s son. It’s known for its rousing vocals and synchronized steps.

Leon Bridges, 4/28, GEN, 3:10p: Leon Bridges’ brings ’50s and early ’60s-style soul and R&B to a younger audience with his captivating voice and confident stage presence. It doesn’t hurt that his mother’s hometown of New Orleans gets plenty of shout outs on his debut album, Coming Home.

Leroy Jones & New Orleans’ Finest, 4/28, ECO, 3p: Jones draws on his experience with the Fairview Baptist Church Brass Band to play traditional New Orleans brass band music in a variety of popular bands around town, most of which perform regularly at Preservation Hall.

Leyla McCalla, 5/5, LAG, 2:20p: This talented multi-instrumentalist and singer draws on the traditions of Haitian, Creole, Cajun and French music on her latest album, A Day For the Hunter, A Day for the Prey. It’s a socially aware and politically minded follow-up to her widely praised 2013 debut.

Lil’ Buck Sinegal Blues Band with special guest Barbara Lynn, 4/30, BLU, 1:20p: Sinegal once led an R&B band that included a young Stanley “Buckwheat” Dural on organ. The blues guitarist seems to slip effortlessly into soulful grooves.

Lil’ Nathan & The Zydeco Big Timers, 4/30, FDD, 12:20p: This young accordion player from Lafayette scored a regional hit with “That L’Argent,” a hip-hop flavored zydeco tune about the power of money. His dad is Nathan Williams of the Zydeco Cha Chas.

Lisa Amos, 5/6, CON, 11:15a: New Orleans R&B, hip hop and pop singer Lisa Amos brings her soulful sound to Jazz Fest. Expect to hear her hit single “You Used to Love Me.”

Little Freddie King Blues Band, 4/30, BLU, 12:10p: The Mississippi Delta-born King is a rocking juke-joint bluesman, a cousin of Lightnin’ Hopkins, one of the snappiest dressers you’ll see onstage, and a true Fest perennial.

Little Freddie King Blues Band, 4/30, BLU, 12:10p: The Mississippi Delta-born King is a rocking juke-joint bluesman, a cousin of Lightnin’ Hopkins, one of the snappiest dressers you’ll see onstage, and a true Fest perennial.

The Lone Bellow, 5/6, FDD, 4:15p: Zach Williams, Kanene Pipkin and Brian Elmquist comprise this popular Brooklyn-based alt-country trio.

Lorde, 4/30, ACU, 5:45p: New Zealand native Lorde was only 16 when she scored a number one hit with her debut single “Royals” in 2013, making her the youngest solo artist to ever pull off the feat. With her 20th birthday now behind her, she’s gearing up to release her sophomore album in June, so expect some new material.

Los Van Van, 5/6, CON, 3:35p: One of the best musical gifts of this year’s Cuban cultural focus, Los Van Van still reigns today as the island-nation’s most popular band of post-revolution era. They’re still going strong even after the death of bassist/bandleader Juan Formell in 2014.

Lost Bayou Ramblers, 4/29, GEN, 11:15a: As their acclaimed Mammoth Waltz demonstrated, this young Cajun band celebrates its genre’s tradition while staying open to new technology and rock influences.

Louis Ford & His New Orleans Flairs, 5/5, ECO, 11:20a: Clarinetist and saxophonist Ford’s father was Clarence Ford, who played with Fats Domino. He leads his old-time New Orleans jazz band through a set of traditional music

Louisiana Repertory Jazz Ensemble, 4/29, ECO, 12:25p: Fred Star leads this local traditional jazz septet with a focus on tight arrangements of tunes by Sam Morgan and other music from the turn of the century.

Loyola University Jazz Ensemble, 5/4, JAZ, 11:20a: Students from Loyola’s jazz program—the oldest in the city—make up this group.

Luke Winslow King, 5/7, LAG, 12:50p: A Michigan native who studied music at UNO, Winslow-King is both a performer and musicologist, combining the sound of early 20th century New Orleans with the street smarts of a modern songwriter.

Luther Kent & Trickbag, 4/30, BLU, 2:40p: This Southern-fried soul man, who fronted Blood, Sweat & Tears for a short stint in the ’70s, is best known for leading the funky Trickbag, which returned in 2013 after a few years’ hiatus.

Lyle Henderson & Emmanu-EL, 4/30, 5:10p: A former radio DJ at R&B station FM98 and gospel station WYLD, Lyle Henderson also coordinates the gospel brunches at the House of Blues.

M

Maggie Koerner, 5/6, GEN, 11:20a: Koerner earned plenty of new fans when she held down the vocal role during a series of Galactic tours a few years back, but her powerful voice and intense stage presence make her solo shows equally exciting. See interview in this issue.

Magnificent 7 with Dave Malone, John Papa Gros, Tommy Malone, Mark Mullins, Robert Mercurio, Raymond Weber, and Michael Skinkus, 4/30, ACU, 1:35p: Members of The Radiators, Galactic, Bonerama and Papa Grows Funk make this supergroup a funky force to reckoned with.

Major Handy and the Louisiana Blues Band, 5/5, BLU, 11:10a: Blues and zydeco expert Handy hails from Lafayette, where he developed his accordion, bass, piano and singing chops.

Marc Broussard, 4/29, ACU, 12:30p: The Lafayette singer/guitarist grew up around vintage swamp-pop, but has since found his niche with a mix of soulful roots music and adult-contemporary pop. He’s opened tours for both the Dave Matthews Band and Maroon 5.

Marcia Ball, 5/4, GEN, 2:15p: A Jazz Fest perennial, the singer/pianist from Texas was recently nominated for the Pinetop Perkins Piano Player of the Year award at the 2014 Blues Music Awards.

Margo Price, 5/5, FDD, 4:15p: Considered by many to be the hottest new thing in country music, Margo Price has real-deal roots. The daughter of a Midwestern farmer, she made that identity the title of country’s biggest debut album of 2016. Now she’s a globally touring, Grammy-nominated artist.

Mariachi Jalisco US, 5/5, J&H, 1:15p: Baton Rouge-based alumni of Cuba’s Mariachi Real Jalisco reunite to perform music from their hometown of Havana.

Mark Braud’s New Orleans Jazz Giants, 4/30, ECO, 1:40p: The musical director of the Preservation Hall Jazz Band, this trumpeter and vocalist leads a different cast of traditional jazz players for a change of pace.

Maroon 5, 4/29, ACU, 5:15p: One of the biggest pop rock bands of the last 15 years, Maroon 5 has been a perennial festival headliner for some time now. The group has sold over 20 million albums, and has featured New Orleans native PJ Morton on keys since 2010. Their sixth studio album is currently in the works.

The Mavericks, 4/30, FDD, 4:20p: During the ‘90s the Mavericks were one of the most successful groups in the country/Americana world, showcasing Raul Malo’s soaring voice on a string of hits like “O What a Thrill” and “There Goes My Heart.” After splitting for a over a decade, the band reunited and have produced two studio albums since.

Maze featuring Frankie Beverly, 5/7, CON, 5:35p: Regular last-set headliner at Congo Square, this classic Philadelphia soul group’s connection with New Orleans goes back to at least 1981, when their live album was recorded at the Saenger Theatre.

McDonogh 35 High School Gospel Choir, 5/4, GOS, 2:45p: Thursdays at Jazz Fest traditionally feature high-school choirs in the Gospel Tent, and this Treme school has been a regular. Directed by Veronica Downs-Dorsey, the choir has been the recipient of OffBeat’s Best of the Beat Award for Best Gospel for the last three years.

Meghan Trainor, 5/6, GEN, 5:45p: The “All About That Bass” singer earned three top 10 singles with her 2015 debut, and one more with her 2016 follow-up.

Men Buckjumpers SA&PC, 5/4, PAR, 1:20p: The Original New Orleans Lady Buckjumpers and Men Buckjumpers have been rolling for more than 30 years.

Men of Class SA&PC, 5/4, PAR, 12:30p: This Uptown-based social aid and pleasure club has been parading for 12 years and counting.

Meschiya Lake & the Little Big Horns, 4/28, ACU, 2:10p: Once a Royal Street performer, now a marquee name in the local traditional jazz scene, Lake and friends are getting more attention worldwide thanks to her vintage sass, great storytelling and gorgeously raw New Orleans feel.

The Meters, 5/7, GEN, 5:30p: The Jazz Fest Meters reunion took place in 2015. Remember the caricatures on the cover of the Jazz Fest Bible? Leo hated his. Formed in 1965 with Art Neville, George Porter Jr., Leo Nocentelli and Zigaboo Modeliste, this band developed the sound that we know today as funk. The Meters acted as the house band for Allen Toussaint’s New Orleans soul classics of the ’60s and are responsible for bringing New Orleans’ second line grooves into popular music.

Mia Borders, 4/30, GEN, 11:20a: A singer songwriter, and guitarist from New Orleans, Borders was named Best Female Vocalist at the last Best of the Beat Awards. She’s an impressive guitarist too.

Michael Skinkus & Moyuba, 4/28, LAG, 11:30a: Percussionist Michael Skinkus explains that “Moyuba means to give thanks or praise.” The band will play music inspired by the Santeria ceremonies of Cuba. See feature in this issue.

Midnite Disturbers, 4/30, J&H, 4:30p: It took drummers Kevin O’Day and Stanton Moore to corral a dozen of New Orleans’ busiest players into one wild brass band. Ben Ellman, Kirk Joseph, Trombone Shorty, Big Sam, Matt Perrine, Skerik and Mark Mullins should all be familiar names to Fest-goers.

Millisia White’s New Orleans Baby Doll Ladies, 4/30, KID, 4:15p: This performance troupe is passionate about continuing the legacy of doll-masquerading during Mardi Gras. The City Of New Orleans honored Millisia White’s New Orleans Baby Doll Ladies’ with an official Mardi-Gras Day Walking Parade.

Miss Sophie Lee & the Parish Suites, 5/6, LAG, 12:55p: One of the proprietors of the Three Muses restaurants, Lee applies a sultry vocal style to her chosen mixture of swing and traditional jazz. Her latest CD Traverse This Universe shows off her songwriting as well as interpretive skills. Her video for “Lovely In That Dress” was nominated for a Best of the Beat Award in 2016.

Mohawk Hunters Mardi Gras Indians, 5/6, PAR, 1:30p: When he’s not sewing or masking, this tribe’s Big Chief, Tyrone Casby, serves as the Principal of the Youth Study Center at Orleans Parish Prison.

Mokoomba of Zimbabwe, 4/28, CON, 3:40p: Hailing from Victoria Falls, Zimbabwe, Mokoomba performs a unique mix of traditional tonga and pan with dashes of rap, ska, soukous and Afro-Cuban music. The members include Mathias Muzaza (lead vocals), Ndaba Coster Moyo (drums), Trustworth Samende (guitar), Donald Moyo (keys), Miti Mugande (percussion) and Abundance Mutori (bass).

Monogram Hunters, 4/30, PAR, 3:30p: Big Chief Tyrone “Pie” Stevenson recently returned to the Indian nation after a 15-year break.

Motel Radio, 5/5, GEN, 11:20a: This young local quintet performs Americana with an indie rock streak. Their debut album Desert Surf Films was released last September.

Mount Hermon Baptist Church Praise Delegation Choir, 5/5, GOS, 1:55p: Singers from this North Broad Street-based congregation have become Jazz Fest regulars in recent years.

Mr. Sipp, 4/28, BLU, 12:30p: Singer songwriter and guitarist Castro Coleman, a.k.a. Mr. Sipp, is from McComb, Mississsippi. He started playing the guitar at age six. He has won several awards for his Malaco recordings and was featured in the James Brown movie Get On Up.

Ms. Lisa Fischer & Grand Baton, 5/4, BLU, 5:45p: Lisa Fischer & Grand Baton’s music is an organic gumbo of progressive rock, psychedelic soul, and African, Middle Eastern, Caribbean rhythms and classical influences. Fischer is featured in the documentary Twenty Feet from Stardom, which shows a live performance of the song “Gimme Shelter” with Mick Jagger. Keith Richards says of Fischer, “has an amazing power, energy, and projection.” She won her first Grammy in 1991.

Muévelo feat. Margie Perez, 5/4, LAG, 1:50p: Muevelo, which means “move it” in Spanish, is a nine-piece Latin music ensemble led by singer Margie Perez and saxophonist Brent Rose. Perez is a versatile singer who performs with many bands and embodies the energy and spirit of Celia Cruz. See food feature with Margie Perez in this issue.

Muggivan School of Irish Dance, 4/29, KID, 1:50p: The Muggivan School of Irish Dance is under the direction of Joni Muggivan. The dancers at the Muggivan School are trained in competitive style Irish dancing, which allows them to compete on local, national, and international stages.

The Mulligan Brothers, 4/29, LAG, 2:20p: This Americana-meets-country trio emphasizes strong melodies and original narratives. Their eponymous 2013 album earned high marks from critics in their hometown of Mobile, Alabama.

N

NAS with guests The Soul Rebels, 4/28, CON, 5:30p:

Combining one of the most respected names in rap with one of the most respected bands in New Orleans brass music was always a great idea. This exciting collaboration made its debut at the Brooklyn Hip Hop Festival in Nas’ hometown, so it’s only natural that its second stop comes in The Soul Rebels’ hometown. See feature in this issue.

Nathan & the Zydeco Cha-Chas, 5/5, FDD, 6p: Nathan Williams sprung from his brother’s club, El Sid O’s in Lafayette, to become one of zydeco’s biggest names—and to write its two greatest hog songs, “Zydeco Hog” and “Everything on the Hog is Good.”

Native Nations Intertribal, 5/5, NAT, 12:55p, 2:30p, 5:35p; 5/6, 12:05p, 1:15p, 3:45p; 5/7, NAT, 1p, 2:20p, 3:45p: The late Barry Langley of Louisiana’s Coushatta Tribe founded this Native American dance troupe and educational collective, which performs Northern and Southern Plains-style dances. The hoop dance is particularly fun to watch.

Naughty Professor, 5/5, ACU, 11:20a: This New Orleans-based six-piece plays a blend of funk, soul and rock that’s earned them a solid following on the jam band scene. Their recent collaborations with Jurassic 5’s Chali 2na, The Revivalists’ David Shaw, Mike Dillon and many more will be compiled in their upcoming album, Identity.

Naydja CoJoe, 4/30, LAG, 11:30a: A New Orleans vocalist inspired by Billie Holiday and Patsy Cline, Naydja CoJoe performs jazz, country and R&B material. She’s also made a few TV appearances, includingone in the made-for-TV movie Christmas Angel where she portrayed Della Reese’s daughter.

New Birth Brass Band, 4/29, GEN, 12:25p: Formed in the mid-’80s and led by bass drummer Cayetano “Tanio” Hingle, this band has made CDs with both Allen Toussaint and George Porter, Jr. Horn men Glen David Andrews and Trombone Shorty are alumni.

New Breed Brass Band, 4/29, J&H, 2:45p: These high school marching band alums fold hip-hop, funk, and soul into the brass tradition at clubs and second lines around the city.

New Generation Brass Band, 5/5, PAR, 12:10p: New Generation Brass Band will be parading with Lady & Men Rollers and Scene Boosters Social Aid & Pleasure Clubs.

New Generation SA&PC, 5/6, PAR, 1:35p: The New Generation Social Aid and Pleasure Club’s annual Sunday parades roll through Uptown.

New Leviathan Oriental Fox-Trot Orchestra, 4/30, ECO, 11:20a: A multi-generational, always-entertaining large ensemble that plays only ’90s music—as in the 1890s, when the shipboard dance music and early jazz they favor was first created.

New Look SA & PC, 4/30, PAR, 4:20p: Kids aged 3-16 make up this branch of the Young Men Olympian, Jr. Benevolent Association.

New Orleans Classic R&B Revue feat. Clarence “Frogman” Henry, Al “Carnival Time” Johnson, and Robert Parker with the Bobby Cure Band, 5/7, GEN, 11:20a: A few years ago OffBeat’s Best of the Beat Awards featured an R&B revue with Al “Carnival Time” Johnson, Robert Parker and many others. Although Robert Parker looked frail, he was amazing when he got on stage and sang his hit “Barefootin’.”

New Orleans Gospel Soul Children, 5/6, GOS, 5:10p: Led by Craig Adams, this long-standing local gospel group delivers energetic and choreographed renditions of gospel standards.

The New Orleans Groove Masters featuring Herlin Riley, Shannon Powell, and Jason Marsalis, 5/6, JAZ, 2:45p: Three of New Orleans’ finest jazz drummers make it look easy with this ensemble.

The New Orleans Guitar Masters with Cranston Clements, Jimmy Robinson, and John Rankin, 5/5, LAG, 12:55p: Started six years ago, this group plays original music and unique versions of New Orleans rock hits. The band consists of guitarists Cranston Clements currently performing with Cyril Neville’s Swamp Band, music teacher at Loyola University John Rankin, and Jimmy Robinson of Woodenhead.

The New Orleans Hip Hop Experience ft. Sqad Up, Denisia, Roca B and T – Ray The Violinist and Dreams 2 Reality, 4/30, CON, 12:30p: An assortment of New Orleans hip-hop artists come together to give outsiders a taste of what the city has to offer.

New Orleans Jazz Vipers, 4/30, ECO, 5:35p: This swinging drum-less quintet brings a mix of still-timely standards like “Brother, Can You Spare a Dime?” and lesser known swing tunes to their long-running weekly gigs at the Spotted Cat.

New Orleans Klezmer Allstars 25th Anniversary with special guests Henry Butler, Frank London and more, 5/7, FDD, 6p: Innovators of a funked-up localized take on traditional Jewish music, this band’s past and present members include scions of the city’s jazz and funk scenes. They’ll celebrate their anniversary with prestigious guests.

New Orleans Mardi Gras Indian Rhythm Section, 5/5, PAR, 2:10p: Mardi Gras Indian parading ensemble.

New Orleans Nightcrawlers Brass Band, 5/4, J&H, 4:25p: This funky brass band represents the genre’s adventurous edge and includes familiar faces from Bonerama and Galactic. Their last album, Slither Slice, combined funk, hip-hop, Indian chants and a general spirit of rejuvenation.

New Orleans R&B Divas featuring The Dixie Cups & Wanda Rouzan, 5/5, BLU, 1:20p: New Orleans’ contribution to the ’60s girl-group sound, the Dixie Cups scored nationally with “Chapel of Love,” the follow-up, “People Say” and the Mardi Gras Indian-derived “Iko Iko.” They are joined by singer, actress and educator and champion of New Orleans’ R&B tradition Wanda Rouzan.

New Orleans Spiritualettes, 4/30, GOS, 1p: Founded a half-century ago by still-current leader Ruby Ray, the Spiritualettes are the longest-active female gospel group in New Orleans.

The New Orleans Suspects, 4/28, ACU, 12:50p: The New Orleans Suspects were formed in 2009 for a jam session at the Maple Leaf. At the time the band consisted of Radiators bassist Reggie Scanlan, Neville Brothers drummer “Mean” Willie Green, Dirty Dozen guitarist Jake Eckert, James Brown’s bandleader saxophonist Jeff Watkins and keyboardist CR Gruver. Recently bassist Eric Vogel has replaced Scanlan, but at last year’s Jazz Fest, Reggie joined the band, so he’ll probably be back this time around. Their latest CD Kaleidoscoped placed number seven in OffBeat’s Top CD of 2016.

New Wave Brass Band, 4/28, PAR, 12:20p: Snare drummer Oscar Washington is at the helm of this updated traditional New Orleans brass band.

Nicholas Payton & Afro-Caribbean Mixtape, 5/7, JAZ, 4:05p: In recent years, the #BAM proponent has shifted from trumpet to the keyboard chair, from which he often plays both instruments together. A savvy producer, he’s been delving into electronic music with an R&B sensitivity lately. The Afro-Caribbean Mixtape has influences of bebop, swing, Mardi Gras Indian and Afro-descended dialects. See feature in this issue.

Nigel Hall, 4/29, CON, 1:55p: Soulful funk keyboardist and singer Hall moved to New Orleans from Maine in 2013 and was quickly welcomed as an ideal match for the sounds of the city. He’s worked with a slew of contemporary jam and funk acts including Soulive, Lettuce and the Warren Haynes Band.

Nine Times Ladies Social Aid and Pleasure Club, 5/6, PAR, 11:45a: The women’s section of the Upper Ninth Ward parade club, the Nine Times.

Nine Times Social Aid & Pleasure Club, 4/29, PAR, 4:15p: Formed in the 1980s, this downtown-based parade club is comprised of the 9 Times Men, 9 Times Ladies and Original 9 Times Ladies divisions.

Nineveh Baptist Church Mass Choir, 5/4, GOS, 5:55p: Led by Reverend Sam Baker, this choir out of Metairie, Louisiana sings a unique blend of traditional gospel with contemporary songs set to a Caribbean beat.

Ninth Ward Black Hatchet Mardi Gras Indians, 4/29, PAR, 3:15p: Mardi Gras Indian parade.

Ninth Ward Hunter Mardi Gras Indians, 4/30, PAR, 3:30p: Big Chief Robbe, who has led four Indian tribes, created this Lower Ninth Ward-based group in the 1940s.

NOCCA Jazz Ensemble, 4/30, JAZ, 11:10a: Student group from the secondary school whose graduates include Harry Connick, Jr., Nicholas Payton, Trombone Shorty and the Marsalis brothers.

O

Ole & Nu Style Fellas Social Aid and Pleasure Club, 5/7, PAR, 12:15p: The Ole & Nu Style Fellas roll through the Sixth Ward each April, coming out at the Ooh Poo Pa Doo Bar.

Omosede Children’s Dance Theatre, 4/30, KID, 11:30a: The group, created by local choreographer, performer, and educator, Mama Baderinwa Rolland, has performed at Jazz Festival’s Kids Tent for many years. Omosede is a Nigerian word that translates to “A child is worth more than a king.” Their work is based on the Haitian Folktale “I’m Tipingi,” and is an interactive performance that integrates theater, music, song, and dance.

One Love Brass Band, 4/28, LAG, 5:40p: This sprawling ensemble mixes the street-parade soul of New Orleans’ brass-band traditions with the Rastafarian vibe of Jamaica, playing a horn-heavy hybrid of reggae with originals and covers of Bob Marley and others.

OperaCréole, 5/4, KID, 1:50p: This vocal ensemble focuses on lost or rarely performed operatic and classical music, often spotlighting the contributions of African-American and Creole artists throughout New Orleans’ history.

Orange Kellin’s New Orleans DeLuxe Orchestra, 5/7, ECO, 12:30p: The clarinetist moved from Sweden to New Orleans in 1966; four years later he played at Louis Armstrong’s 70th birthday show. His group plays classic early jazz by King Oliver, Jelly Roll Morton and others.

Original Big Seven SA&PC, 5/5, PAR, 4:15p: The Original Big 7s formed in 1995 in the St. Bernard housing development. Today, the Big 7 Cultural Heritage Division provides a creative and social center for the community’s youth.

Original CTC Steppers SA&PC, 5/7, PAR, 12:15p: Named for their tradition of parading over the Industrial Canal, the CTC (Cross The Canal) Steppers hold one of the season’s most popular Sunday parades.

Original Dixieland Jazz Band, 5/6, ECO, 12:25p: Bandleader and trumpeter Nick LaRocca leads this traditional New Orleans jazz band, founded nearly a century ago by his father.

Original Four SA&PC, 5/5, PAR, 4:15: Founded in 1986, this social aid and pleasure club takes a unique and long route on its annual parade, marching from downtown all the way uptown through Central City.

Original Lady Buckjumpers SA&PC, 5/7, PAR, 3p: The Original New Orleans Lady Buckjumpers and Men Buckjumpers recently celebrated their 32nd anniversary parade.

Original Pinettes Brass Band, 5/6, J&H, 4:15p: Billed as “The World’s Only All Female Brass Band,” the Pinettes were formed by a group of students at St. Mary’s Academy in 1991. They won the Red Bull Street Kings brass competition in 2013.

P

Palm Court Jazz Allstars with Sammy Rimington, 4/30, ECO, 2:55p: The house band from the Palm Court, long the HQ of trumpeter Lionel Ferbos, brings their brand of traditional New Orleans jazz to the Fest along with English reedman Rimington, a longtime proponent of the genre’s revival.

Palmetto Bug Stompers, 4/28, ECO, 4:15p: Heavy-hitters like trumpeter Will Smith join the inimitable Washboard Chaz Leary in his traditional New Orleans jazz ensemble.

Panorama Jazz Band, 5/6, J&H, 12:20p: Influenced by styles from around the globe, this hip band comprised of top local instrumentalists blends New Orleans jazz traditions with klezmer, Latin and Balkan sounds.

Papo y Son Mandao, 5/4, J&H, 3:05p: Born in Cuba, guitarist Alexis Muñoz Guevara “Papo” is self-taught. He began working as a professional musician in 1993 when he joined the group Trio En Sueño. In 2012 he immigrated to Louisiana. His repertoire encompasses multiple musical genres, including Latin Jazz, salsa, Cha-Cha-Cha and more.

Pastor Douglas Noel & Friendz, 4/29, GOS, 6:05p: From Hazlehurst, Mississippi, Pastor Douglas Noel & Friendz formed the gospel group in the ’90s. They have received numerous awards and recognitions, from President Obama, Governors and more.

Pastor Jai Reed, 5/5, GOS, 5:10p: New Orleans Baptist minister Reed is a soulful singer in the Stevie Wonder tradition, approaching gospel with a contemporary R&B influence.

Pastor Terry Gullage & the Greater Mt. Calvary Voices of Redemption, 4/28, GOS, 6:05p: From a young age, Elder Terry Gullage knew he had a gift for music. He leads the choir from this church in Marrero.

Pastor Tyrone Jefferson, 4/28, GOS, 12:05p: This New Orleans native is the Senior Pastor of the Abundant Life Tabernacle Full Gospel Baptist Church and the CEO of Abundant Life Ministries. His extensive work serving the community has included efforts to improve voting rates, feed the hungry and get more young people enrolled in college.

Pat McLaughlin’s New Orleans Outfit, 4/29, LAG, 3:55p: Born in Waterloo, Iowa singer songwriter Pat McLaughlin was drawn to New Orleans in the ’90s working with drummer Carlo Nuccio. McLaughlin’s compositions have been recorded by Bonnie Raitt, Taj Mahal, Trisha Yearwood, Nanci Griffith and many others.

Patti LaBelle, 5/7, CON, 3:40p: Singer Patti LaBelle began her career in the early 1960s as lead singer for the Bluebelles. In 1974 she formed the band Labelle, which was signed to Epic Records and recorded the Allen Toussaint-produced single, “Lady Marmalade” while backed by Louisiana musicians. The song sold over a million copies. She has been inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame and was named one of the 100 Greatest Singers of all time by Rolling Stone.

Paul Porter, 5/5, GOS, 3:55p: Singer songwriter Paul Porter is a founding member of the gospel group the Christianaires. Hailing from Detroit, Porter’s influences include Sam Cooke, Otis Redding, Stevie Wonder and others.

Paul Sanchez & the Rolling Road Show, 4/28, GEN, 1:45p: Sanchez has blossomed as a songwriter since parting company with Cowboy Mouth, co-writing the post-Katrina musical Nine Lives and launching a number of projects as a leader, including the Rolling Road Show, Minimum Rage and the Write Brothers.

Paulin Brothers Brass Band, 5/4, ECO, 12:30p: Ernest “Doc” Paulin founded this band in the 1920s, and his sons now perform strictly traditional brass-band music, complete with the longstanding black-and-white uniforms and spiffy white caps.

The Pedrito Martinez Group, 4/28, CON, 2:10p; 4/28, CUB, 4:30p; 4/29, CUB, 12:35p, JAZ, 2:40p; 5/4, CUB, 12:10p, 4:30p; 5/5, CUB, 12:15p, 2:55p; 5/6, CUB, 12:30p, J&H, 3p: Formerly of the popular Afro-Cuban band Yerba Buena, singer/drummer Martinez plays a complex but infectious fusion of Afro-Cuban rumba, African Yoruba chants, and Western funk. The group’s latest album, Habana Dreams, was recorded in Cuba and New York.

The Perfect Gentlemen SA&PC, 4/28, PAR, 12:20p: This Uptown social aid and pleasure club celebrated its 25th year in 2016.

Pigeon Town Steppers SA&PC, 5/6, PAR, 4p: Based way (way) Uptown in the Leonidas neighborhood, this club’s annual Sunday parade follows a unique route.

Pine Leaf Boys, 4/28, FDD, 1:35p: This young band has spearheaded the latest revival of Cajun music, bridging new and traditional music and snagging four Grammy nominations. Leader Wilson Savoy is the son of Cajun music’s first couple, Marc and Ann Savoy.

Pitbull, 4/30, CON, 5:35p: Having given up his reggaeton roots for bigger sales as a crossover club music hitmaker, first generation Cuban-American rapper Pitbull is big on shout-outs to ladies, shots, booties and “Mr. Worldwide” (that’s him).

PJ Morton, 5/5, CON, 3:30p: New Orleans gospel singer Peter Morton’s R&B-minded son has made a splash on Lil Wayne’s Young Money label, thanks to his debut album New Orleans. He’s also a keyboardist and backup singer with Maroon 5, and has collaborated with Stevie Wonder, India.Arie and Juvenile, among others.

Pocket Aces Brass Band, 4/28, J&H, 5:45p: This Bridge City brass-hop band began as a few friends who got together for an annual Mardi Gras jam before expanding to a full-time touring outfit.

The Preservation Brass, 4/30, ECO, 12:30p: Featuring bass drummer Tanio Hingle, snare drummer Kerry “Fat Man” Hunter and trumpeter Will Smith, plus a rotating roster of players, Pres Hall Brass aims to serve as the Hall collective’s go-to brass band arm, like the Olympia Brass Band once did.

Preservation Hall Jazz Band, 5/7, GEN, 1:55p: With its 50th anniversary in the rearview mirror, this New Orleans music institution’s profile is higher than ever thanks to heavy touring, and their new release, So It Is. Their guest-heavy Jazz Fest sets are always festival highlights.

Preston Frank and Ed Poullard and Family, 4/28, FDD, 11:15a: Fiddler Ed Poullard and accordionist Preston Frank are vibrant elder statesmen of old-time Creole zydeco. Together with the Family they always have a good time.

Prince of Wales SA&PC, 5/7, PAR, 3p: Uptown’s Prince of Wales is among the oldest parade clubs in the city; their annual Sunday second line struts through the Irish Channel.

Q

Quiana Lynell and the Lush Life Band, 5/4, JAZ, 12:30p: A graduate of LSU’s music program, Lynell is adept at singing both jazz and classical as well as blues. She’s been tapped to perform with artists ranging from Herlin Riley and Don Vappie to the Baton Rouge Symphony Orchestra.

R

Ray Abshire Cajun Band, 4/29, FDD, 11:15a: A Louisiana Folk Artist Hall of Famer, Abshire’s accordion career began in the late ‘60s with the Balfa Brothers; today, his bandmates include his sons, Travis and Brent.

Real Untouchable Brass Band, 4/28, J&H, 1:30p: This local brass crew adds congas to its otherwise street-centric sound.

Rebirth Brass Band, 4/29, CON, 3:25p: Now entering its fourth decade, Rebirth was one of the first bands to modernize and funkify the New Orleans brass band sound. Most of the younger brass bands you hear in town style themselves after the Rebirth, although there are no duplicates for founding bass drum and tuba players Keith and Phil Frazier, or snare drummer Derrick Tabb. They earned a Grammy in 2012.

The Revealers, 4/28, CON, 11:20a: DeRoc Debose and Don Williams lead this long-running New Orleans reggae band, which continues to write new music with drummer Kerry Brown. See feature in this issue.

The Revelers, 4:30, FDD, 2:50p: An Acadian supergroup made up of founding members of Jazz Fest perennials the Red Stick Ramblers and the Pine Leaf Boys. See feature in this issue.

The Revivalists, 5/5, ACU, 3:30p: This increasingly popular New Orleans band has solid songs for the rock ’n’ rollers and free-flowing grooves for the jam band crowd. They were big winners at the most recent OffBeat Best of the Beat Awards.

Revolution SA&PC, 5/4, PAR, 1:20p: One of the biggest parade clubs, the Revolution SA&PC is known for mind-blowing dance moves and multiple costume changes along their annual Sunday parade route.

Rhiannon Giddens, 5/5, BLU, 5:40p: Giddens unleashed a successful solo project after years singing with the Carolina Chocolate Drops, a longtime Fest favorite. A multi-instrumentalist well-versed in multiple American roots music forms (including New Orleans jazz—check out her big-band “St. James Infirmary” collaboration with Tom Jones) her 2015 debut                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0003913-7122fa1f8f90542e04f7f056c2fe720a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001712 00000000000 015020  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        MS Surface Book Review

The Surface Book was all that I anticipated. It's an amazing laptop first and foremost, but it's also an amazing tablet. The specs on this model make all of the applications load quickly and easily. The display is super sharp with vibrant colors. The key board feels a little larger than most, but when compared to an Dell of the same size there really is no difference. As mentioned, the laptop features are first, but with the touch of a button, the display pulls up from the keyboard allowing you to easily care the device in tablet mode. It runs all of the current Office products (Word, Excel, PwrPoint, etc.,) extremely fast and it's very noticeable. However, you must consider the I7 Inter Processor along with the 16 GB of RAM and the super quick 512 GB SSD. All in all, the MS Surface Book is Microsoft's answer to Apple's hardware and software designs. Good job, Microsoft.Read full review

Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned                                                      0003904-a09c79d607bb480175d5f44696c66f76.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012277 00000000000 014724  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        (CNN) — A freshly made white chocolate and raspberry mix is carefully poured into a piping bag by chef Yasumasa Takagi, one of the most renowned patissiers in Japan

After snipping the end of the bag, he squeezes the delicious pink paste into a tray of oblong, white plastic molds.

Surprisingly, Takagi isn't creating an elaborate confection for customers to his fashionable Tokyo cafe; this is something far more modest.

It's a KitKat.

Most of the world knows the KitKat as an ordinary coffee break snack made from wafers and milk chocolate.

In Japan, it's in a completely different league. Here, gourmet versions, pioneered by Takagi, compete with a mind-boggling array of mass-produced flavors that to some palates might border on the bizarre.

Wasabi KitKat anyone? How about lemon vinegar? Or pumpkin pudding, green tea, Shinshu apple or adzuki bean sandwich?

It's a long way from the KitKat's humble origins in 1930s England. Born in the northern city of York, the chocolate treat was relatively unknown globally until local manufacturer Rowntree was bought by Swiss food giant Nestle in the 1980s.

Winning formula

Even as it spread across the planet, success was never guaranteed in Japan -- a market notoriously difficult to break into for non-domestic brands.

So how has it become such a phenomenon?

That's down to some hard work and smart ideas from KitKat's Japanese marketing gurus in the western city of Kobe. And also a lucky quirk of language.

KitKat sounds very similar to "kito kato," which in Japanese means "to surely win."

Chef Takagi mixes up new flavors in his kitchens. CNN

It's a common phrase said to students sitting exams, particularly high-pressure university entrance tests. Soon after they arrived in Japan, KitKats were being given by parents to their children and friends were giving them to each other with hand-written messages -- and not just around exam time.

"There was strong emotional bonding going on and the 'gifting emotion,'" says Ryoji Maki, marketing manager for KitKat in Japan.

Flavor riot

Rainbow of flavors: Japan's KitKat kaleidoscope. CNN

He says Japan's gift-giving tradition and particular culinary habits -- prizing seasonal and regional products -- were tapped into. But it wasn't until the early 2000s that KitKat in Japan began to show its true colors with a riotous expansion in flavors.

Consumers in Japan demand choice and novelty as much as they prize tradition.

According to Maki, about 2,000 new confectionery products are released each year in Japan, so it's not enough to just offer dark or milk chocolate variations.

To date there have been more than 300 different KitKat flavors.

Ingredients are sourced from regions across the country, often produced and sold to coincide with food seasons in limited edition boxes of KitKat minis.

Shizuoka prefecture provides the wasabi. Okinawa gives up its purple potatoes and matcha green tea. Other unlikely flavors are sakura (cherry blossom) and sake (non-alcoholic).

Taking the bars out of the shops and into Japan's eateries has also been another strategy. Tie-ins have gone beyond straightforward desserts like cheesecake, resulting in curiosities like KitKat pizzas and "baking bars," designed to be cooked before eating.

Since 2012, KitKat has started to eclipse homegrown confectionery brands such as Meiji.

Limited edition

Confectionery king: KitKat has become a best seller. CNN

About four million KitKat minis (a smaller, two-finger version of the classic bar) roll out of the chocolate factory each day -- that's close to 1.5 billion each year.

And it doesn't stop there, which is where patisserie supremo Takagi comes in.

"After I gained training at various famous shops in France and Belgium, I thought that it was my mission to fill the gap between Western countries and Japan," says Takagi.

Initially approached about a collaboration with KitKat, he rejected it.

"I believed I couldn't create chocolate freely without ties," he says.

A decade of discussions and negotiations later, convinced he had free rein to experiment within his own high standards, Takagi agreed to open his kitchens to KitKat.

They now produce very limited edition high-quality KitKats, using couverture chocolate, that can only be found in his shops and eight of Japan's high-end department stores through KitKat "Chocolatory" concessions.

"Chocolatory" concessions around Japan sell the exotic bars under KitKat chandeliers. CNN

The first opened in Tokyo in January 2014 and sold out of Chef Takagi's specialty bars in hours. Since then he's been advocating for new flavors and pushing out new products, from the single-finger Sublime range to "special" flavors that include fruit or tea-infused minis.

Visitors to Japan can get their hands on Chef Takagi's current range from under KitKat chandeliers (yes, really) at the Chocolatory concessions. Gift boxes in limited-edition flavors are on sale at major train stations and airports.

There are no concrete plans for export, but if Takagi is able to convince a global food giant operating in one of the most competitive markets in the world to change their approach, don't rule it out.

"What I would most like to achieve is to deliver Japanese KitKat Chocolatory with craftsmanship to the people around the world," he says.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0003756-766640b03600d5a9b63781e9a85c4d45.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002545 00000000000 014623  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Army on Friday released the name of a soldier who died Saturday from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound.

Maj. Troy Donn Wayman, 44, was found in his home in Nolanville, Texas, near Fort Hood. He was pronounced dead by Bell County Justice of the Peace Bill Cooke shortly after 10 p.m. Saturday, according to the statement from First Army Division West officials.

Wayman's death has been ruled a suicide, according to the death report prepared by the Southwestern Institute of Forensic Sciences in Dallas. The report was released to Army Times via an open records request.

Wayman, who was from Lincoln, Nebraska, began his career in the Nebraska Army National Guard, joining in August 1989 as an armor cannon crewman. He was commissioned as a second lieutenant and entered active-duty service in May 1998. He had been assigned to First Army Division West, on Fort Hood, since October 2014.

"This is a terrible loss, and we are grieving the loss of this valued teammate," said Maj. Gen. Jeffrey Colt, commanding general of First Army Division West, in a statement. "We remain fully committed to supporting Maj. Wayman's family and friends and want to reinforce no one should ever feel like they're alone or without our support."

Wayman served two tours in Saudi Arabia, including during Desert Shield and Desert Storm. He also deployed twice to Iraq and once to Kosovo.                                                                                                                                                           0003788-8564f5cae7b51fb63cc6fafacde76e65.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002177 00000000000 015521  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The widening wealth gap in the United States is a worrisome sign that millions of families nationwide do not have enough in assets to offer better opportunities for future generations. Wealth allows families to make investments in homes, in education, and in business creation. On the basis of data collected using the National Asset Scorecard for Communities of Color (NASCC) survey, we report that, when analyzed by race, wealth accumulation is vastly unequal. By means of the NASCC survey, researchers have collected, for the first time, detailed data on assets and debts among subpopulations, according to race, ethnicity, and country of origin—granular detail ordinarily unavailable in public datasets. In this analysis we focus on estimates for U.S. born blacks, Caribbean blacks, Cape Verdeans, Puerto Ricans, and Dominicans in the Boston Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA). Our analysis shows that with respect to types and size of assets and debt held, the data collected on white households and nonwhite households exhibit large differences. The result is that the net worth of whites as compared with nonwhites is staggeringly divergent.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0003826-619eb9f9f785b7e0d8585696303eeb75.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001644 00000000000 015022  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        If you don’t live within an hour of the Village of Lake Placid in the Adirondack North Country, then you’d better hurry up and get in your car or on your bike. Now. This haste is required if you want to catch the free Rusted Root concert scheduled for 7:00 p.m. tonight on Mirror Lake in Lake Placid.

Tonight’s concert is part of the Songs at Mirror Lake Music Series, a seven week summer concert series highlighting an array of local, regional, and national musical talent hosted at the scenic setting of Mids Park, on the shore of Mirror Lake, Main Street in Lake Placid.

Songs at Mirror Lake is a volunteer, not for profit organization that features emerging artists in a variety of musical genres. The concerts are held on Tuesday evenings from 7:00-9:00pm during July and August and all are free to the public.

Oh and we’ll need you to chant, “Rain, rain, go away!” so the concert can be held outside as planned.                                                                                            0003917-e3b94dbc611580be96f7b8a1cb79dd25.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004614 00000000000 015263  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A Colombian resort which is currently promoting a prostitute-filled “sex island experience” has had its steamy promotional video removed from YouTube.

The Good Girls Company’s YouTube account, which was suspended by the site’s moderators as of Friday morning, was advertising its sex-filled getaway with footage of scantily clad women dancing, partying on a yacht, and offering their services to a guest.

The on-screen text also promised “unlimited sex” would be included in the price of admission, and that there would be “60 girls” for the 30 guests.

NEIGHBOR'S 'MORTIFIED' BY RAUNCHY SEX AT NYC'S PUBLIC HOTEL

“Each ticket includes the company of two girls each day for unlimited amounts of sex during the four days of the event,” the company’s website explains of the getaway, which runs from Nov. 24 through Nov. 27 . “At any moment you can switch girls with the other 30 guests.”

According to The Independent, guest will also be invited to partake in an orgy on the first day of the getaway, and on the second day, each will have the opportunity for a 30-minute solo encounter with 16 prostitutes at once. The last two nights are reserved for boat parties.

CUBA BRINGING BACK 'LOVE MOTELS' TO DISCOURAGE PUBLIC SEX

Despite the marketing video being removed from YouTube, tickets to the “experience” are still available online, and cost $5,000 apiece, per the Sex Island website.

The website further promises “surprise sexual activities,” “unlimited condoms,” free alcohol and food, luxury yacht parties, and pick up and drop off services from the airport in Cartagena, all included in the price.

The resort and the prostitutes are said to be “drug friendly,” as well.

Newshub reports that while prostitution is legal in Colombia, facilitating a sexual experience, or pimping, is not. Marijuana and cocaine are also decriminalized in Colombia, so long as users are not carrying more than 20 grams of marijuana or 1 gram of cocaine for personal use.

FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS

This isn’t the first time the Good Girls Company has made headlines for their risqué services. Earlier this year, the brothel entered the global hospitality industry when it debuted all-inclusive packages to its resort in Cali, Colombia, that included horseback riding, golf, and prostitution services. Prices ran between $599 and $1499, depending on which package a guest purchased.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    