0236009-a372e740b63c27ea7b03bad3cd8fdb06.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011265 00000000000 015314  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As of Laravel 4.1, the framework now uses StackPHP's implementation of Symfony's HttpKernel. This means we can add our own middleware to our HTTP layer!

What is middleware good for? Well, lots of things - any logic you might stick between the request/response life cycle that's not necessarily part of your application logic. For example:

Adding session support Parsing query strings Implementing rate-limiting Sniffing for bot traffic Adding logging Parsing request JSON Anything else related to the request/response lifecycle

Laravel's Implementation

The first thing to know is that to add Middleware to our request/response cycle, the Decorator Pattern is in use.

Whether you understand the design pattern or not, this basically just means that each middleware (decorator) we use must implement HttpKernelInterface .

Next, we need to know how to add middleware to our app. Luckily, the Foundation/Application has this functionality built-in for us:

/** * Add a HttpKernel middleware onto the stack. * * @param string $class * @param array $parameters * @return \Illuminate\Foundation\Application */ public function middleware($class, array $parameters = array()) { $this->middlewares[] = compact('class', 'parameters'); return $this; }

Let's create some middleware of our own.

Simple Rate Limiting Example

For the sake of a quick and dirty example (this is both), let's rate limit our site by IP address (you hopefully will come up with a much better or more interesting idea on your own).

First, create the rate-limiting class implementing HttpKernelInterface . This will be our middleware. I created this example one within my application library code under the namespace Fideloper\Http :

<?php namespace Fideloper\Http; use Symfony\Component\HttpKernel\HttpKernelInterface; use Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Request as SymfonyRequest; class RateLimiter implements HttpKernelInterface { /** * The wrapped kernel implementation. * * @var \Symfony\Component\HttpKernel\HttpKernelInterface */ protected $app; /** * Create a new RateLimiter instance. * * @param \Symfony\Component\HttpKernel\HttpKernelInterface $app * @return void */ public function __construct(HttpKernelInterface $app) { $this->app = $app; } /** * Handle the given request and get the response. * * @implements HttpKernelInterface::handle * * @param \Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Request $request * @param int $type * @param bool $catch * @return \Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Response */ public function handle(SymfonyRequest $request, $type = HttpKernelInterface::MASTER_REQUEST, $catch = true) { // Handle on passed down request $response = $this->app->handle($request, $type, $catch); $requestsPerHour = 60; // Rate limit by IP address $key = sprintf('api:%s', $request->getClientIp()); // Add if doesn't exist // Remember for 1 hour \Cache::add($key, 0, 60); // Add to count $count = \Cache::increment($key); if( $count > $requestsPerHour ) { // Short-circuit response - we're ignoring $response->setContent('Rate limit exceeded'); $response->setStatusCode(403); } $response->headers->set('X-Ratelimit-Limit', $requestsPerHour, false); $response->headers->set('X-Ratelimit-Remaining', $requestsPerHour-(int)$count, false); return $response; } }

Because we implement HttpKernelInterface , we need to have a handle method in our class.

The handle method will first call the handle method on the previous middleware to get a response object. Understanding why we do this will come from understanding the Decorator Pattern. For now, if that's confusing just know that we get a response which we can act on by calling $this->app->handle() in our handle method (non-negotiable).

Then we can do some logic around rate limiting. I rate limit based on the IP address, creating a unique cache key based on user IP address. This key will expire after one hour (60 minutes), so our rate count will be valid for that long. After the hour, the count will reset back to zero.

If we reach the rate limit, we set the content and status code of the response and return that for the next middleware (or the app) to finally use.

Service Provider

Once we have a middleware in place, we need to use it. For that, I rely on the trusty old service providers. I chose to create this in the same namespace:

<?php namespace Fideloper\Http; use Illuminate\Support\ServiceProvider; class HttpServiceProvider extends ServiceProvider { /** * Register the binding * * @return void */ public function register() { $this->app->middleware( new RateLimiter($this->app) ); } }

Note that I call the middleware method on the Application object. I add in the RateLimiter class and pass it an instance of the application, as required by the class.

That's it! We've added some HTTP middleware to our application!

Resources                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0236106-486fa0a625c27e72da592d716acd8163.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004164 00000000000 015033  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        To survive, we all need to satisfy our cravings for water. The benefits of doing so are many: water flushes the body of waste, cushions joints, helps deliver oxygen to cells, aids in digestion, and is required by the brain to function properly. Without water, basic physical processes begin to fail and we die in a matter of days.

Now, a team of scientists from Columbia University has identified two distinct set of neurons in the brain that control thirst: one set triggers the need to drink, and the other signals the body when to stop. The neurons reside in the subfornical organ (SFO) of the brain, according to findings published in Nature this week.

To determine the function of these neurons in the brains of mice, lead author Yuki Oka and colleagues used optogenetics to control specific sets of neurons. As the name suggests, optogenetics is a technology that combines genetics and optics to control cell function within the brain using light—in this case, by inserting molecules that are light-activated into specific SFO neurons. When a light is shined on these molecules with a laser, nerve impulses can be turned “on” or “off.”

The researchers found that activation of CAMKII neurons evoked thirst, while VGAT neurons suppressed it. “It’s a very elegant study using optogenetics to identify separate cell populations that clearly act in opposite ways on thirst,” said Joseph Verbalis of Georgetown University, who was not involved in the study.

CAMKII neurons are in red, VGAT neurons in green. Credit: Charles Zukar Lab.

The SFO is situated outside the blood-brain barrier and is only one of a few neurological structures that are exposed to bodily fluids. “These cells might then have the opportunity to directly sense electrolyte balance in body fluids," said Charles Zuker, one of the study's researchers, to HHMI News.

Further research may one day help individuals whose sense of thirst is weakened, such as the elderly who often become dehydrated. As Dr. Oka adds: The SFO's ideal position near the blood-brain barrier "raises the possibility that it may be possible to develop drugs for conditions related to thirst.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0236065-16ebdd310c620542d58613ed1ee58c12.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000050604 00000000000 015017  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        by Chris Kantack

(This page last updated: October 26, 2015)

Have you ever wanted to play a quick game of chess while waiting to board your plane at the airport? Are you a daily bus or rail commuter who would love to play a game en route to or from work? Do you ever find yourself torn between playing a game of chess or going outside and enjoying the sunshine and fresh air of a beautiful day? Chess programs for smartphones, tablets, e-readers, portable gaming systems, and handheld chess computers, make it easy to start or resume a game of chess almost anywhere anytime. Handheld chess can be a lot of fun. Best of all, there are no pieces to lose!

This page is divided into 3 main sections. First a few chess programs for Apple's iOS platform are reviewed. Secondly, chess apps/tablets for the Android platform are listed. Finally, older dedicated chess handheld units and programs are discussed.

A Few Chess Options for Apple Products

I've owned an iPad since April 2010 and have found it to be my favorite device for portable chess. Apple's iOS platform, which consists of the iPad, iPad-Mini, iPod-Touch, and iPhone, are all capable of running much of the very best portable chess software available. Immediately below is a brief description of the chess programs on my iPad.

Stockfish

There's an old saying that goes "the best things in life are free". This may be true when you're talking about chess programs for the iPad. I say this because of Stockfish. Stockfish is one of the very best chess programs for the iPad and it doesn't cost a cent. Stockfish has an extremely wide level of difficulty settings. The strength of the computer engine can be adjusted in 50 Elo point increments from 0 to 2500. That's 50 different strength levels! "Permanent brain" (a feature that controls whether the computer "thinks" on your time), can be easily switched on or off. Additionally, 6 different playing styles are offered: "Passive, Solid, Active, Aggressive, Suicidal, and Random". In my own testing, Stockfish has proven to be a formidable opponent even against desktop computer programs rated 2500 Elo and higher! I sometimes believe that the strength levels listed in Stockfish may be a bit too conservative. That is, if one plays Stockfish at the Elo setting of 1000, that corresponds more accurately to an Elo setting of 1200 or 1300 on other chess programs.

As with the other chess programs reviewed on this page, Stockfish allows you to easily set up a position for analyses or for solving chess puzzles from books. However, the implementation of this feature, at least on my iPad, seems a bit odd. When "Edit position" is selected, a much smaller representation of the chessboard appears where you can add/remove pieces as needed. It would have been much easier if Stockfish would have allowed you to directly edit the full size chessboard represented on your device's screen rather than on a miniaturized board. I can imagine that on an iPad-mini, editing a position with Stockfish might be pretty tough!

Stockfish can also be used like a regular chess board (you move both sides), and as an analysis tool. Stockfish comes with a very rich set of features including the ability to automatically record and email your game. The email feature automatically formats your game into PGN format for easy importing into other chess programs. Stockfish is optimized to take full advantage of both the iPhone and iPad platforms. It does a great job of supporting multiple finger gestures and there are numerous options for customizing the board colors and piece sets. You can even select to turn on/off "figurine notation" if desired. If you own an Apple portable device and love chess, you've got nothing to lose by downloading and giving Stockfish a try.

Chess Pro - with coach, Chess Lite - with coach, & Chess Free - with coach

Developed by Christophe Theron, author of Chess Tiger, "Chess Pro - with coach" is a first rate program that can be used at all levels of chess play. Players, who are brand new to the game of chess, will find everything they need to learn the game. Experienced chess enthusiasts, who wish to perform extensive analysis of their games, will also find this program to be invaluable.

Originally this program was designed only for the iPhone in mind. However, "Chess Pro - with coach" has received a major update that takes advantage of the iPad's larger and sharper screen. This program offers the best "visual thinking" feature that I've ever seen in any chess program. If selected, the program will display the best moves being considered (or recommended) using a series of green arrows. The most favored moves are displayed with the thickest and brightest arrows. Less favored moves with thinner and dimmer arrows.

The "Enable variations" functionality in "Chess Pro - with coach" is extremely useful. You can try out an unlimited number of variations when analyzing a game and then easily get back to the "main line" when ready. Even if you don't use the advanced functionality of "Enable variations", I find this program to be the best program for easily navigating forward and backwards thru a chess game. When I just want access to a "virtual chessboard", I'll set this program to human vs human mode with its computer analyses turned off.

This program offers all the usual features and functionality that one expects in a high-quality modern chess program. You can import and export games, select a wide selection of strength and playing style settings, choose from a number of different chess boards and piece styles, set up human vs human, human vs computer, or computer vs computer games. As with Stockfish, Chess Pro - with coach makes it very easy to email a game in PGN format. This comes in very handy when you wish to send your completed game to another computer for further analyses. Whether you're an absolute beginner or expert player, you'll find a lot to like in this program. Prices vary throughout the year. "Chess Pro - with coach" typically retails around $10. Sometimes you can find it on special for around $4.

There are also two lower-cost options. With "Chess Lite - with coach" you don't have as wide of strength levels to play against. Otherwise it is pretty much full featured and typically retails for $4. "Chess Free - with coach" gives you a chance to try out the program for a limited time at no cost at all.

Note: Sometime soon, I plan on having a more detailed review of "Chess Pro - with coach" posted at this site.

Another chess app I frequently use is Chess.com. With this program you can play chess online against other opponents, play against the computer, analyze games, watch a number of different instructional chess videos, or practice chess tactics with Chess.com's "Tactics Trainer" offering.

Indeed, "Tactics Trainer" is my favorite Chess.com feature. This selection allows you to practice various chess tactics and (optionally) be scored on how quickly you solve the various puzzles presented to you. Hundreds of different tactical puzzles are available that explore the whole range of different situations you may find yourself in. Sometimes you are looking to win material, other times you're going for checkmate. Many of the puzzles involve sacrificing significant material before the combination pays off. I have enjoyed many hours in "Tactics Trainer".

How much you can do with Chess.com depends on your Chess.com membership level. The free membership level is actually pretty good in that you can play against the computer and do a limited number of tactical exercises per day. (It seems to me that if you turn off your internet access before launching Chess.com, you'll be able to do additional tactical exercises beyond what is normally offered by the free membership level.)

Chess.com's paid membership options range from "Gold" membership at $5 per month to "Diamond" which costs $14 per month. You can save money if you pay by the year with Gold costing $29/year and Diamond at $99 per year. There's also a "Platinum" level membership at $49 per year, but only Diamond level gives you access to the training videos. I find the free option to be adequate for my needs but I have had an opportunity to sample a number of the training videos and they are pretty good.

The board graphics in Chess.com are excellent and customizable. There are 10 different strength level settings for the computer opponent with 5 different styles of play available. These selections should be more than adequate for beginners and casual players. However, strong club players, (those rated over 1600), may need to look elsewhere as the computer opponent in Chess.com is not particularly strong. If you're looking for the option of playing against extremely strong computer opponents, consider using Stockfish or "Chess Pro - with coach".

Shakki

Shakki (Note: The below summary is based on the original version of Shakki. An update for Shakki was released in mid-June 2013. I've already discovered a few bugs that were not there in the original version. I do not recommend Shakki at this time. I'll update this review again if another version of Shakki ever gets released.)

Shakki is Finnish for "chess" and is the title for a chess program developed by Ulf Bierkamper. What attracted me to Shakki was its look on the iPad. In its default setting, the graphics are razor sharp and stand out very beautifully against a jet black background. Though green is the default, you can choose from just about any color under the rainbow. You can also opt to reverse the colors. That is, have the chess graphics superimposed on a pure white background. Shakki also employs some clever graphics on its main "Settings" navigation page. "Behind" the buttons where you can start a new game, resume the current game, edit the board, or load a previous played game, you will see chess pieces randomly drifting across the screen in the background. It's certainly not essential to have such a feature in the program, but it is a nice touch that shows some serious work went into the creation of the graphics for this program. Though Shakki only offers one piece type for the chess pieces themselves, it is the Merida style which is my personal favorite for 2D chess piece representation.

Unfortunatey Shakki's graphics are probably the best part of the program. The chess engine itself, while strong enough for beginners and casual chess players, is no match for a strong club player or even a 10 year old handheld chess computer. I played Shakki against Excalibur's Talking LCD handheld in a series of games that tested all 8 levels of Shakki's strength settings. When I limited the Excalibur unit to thinking ahead by 3 ply (3 half-moves), it was able to beat Shakki across its first 4 levels. Shakki's higher levels could beat the Excalibur unit at 3 ply but when I set the Excalibur unit to 4 ply, it continued to beat Shakki even at Shakki's highest setting. Currently I estimate Shakki's maximum chess playing strength to be around 1600 Elo.

With Shakki you can choose to play white or black against the computer, but there is no "human vs human" setting that would allow you to use Shakki for playing both sides. Thus you can't use Shakki for playing against another person or for following chess games from books. When playing against the computer, Shakki shows its thinking process by using arrows to show the move it currently thinks is best. A nice feature except there is no way to switch it off. Shakki also lists the lines of play it is considering above the chess board while evaluating its moves. However, you can't turn it off and it does so using only "from/to" rank and file notation and not the more common algebraic notation that most programs employ. There's also an arrow indicator showing "at a glance" which side currently has the advantage. Unfortunately, this advantage indicator appears to only take into account material advantage and not the overall evaluation of the position by the program.

You can save and email games from Shakki. Generally I found this feature to work well but I have seen cases where pawn promotions are not accurately recorded. Thus I have had to manually correct a few PGN files before I could import a Shakki generated PGN file into another program for analyses. I've also encountered a "low memory error" with Shakki. In my 3 years of owning and using an iPad, I've never had to worry about memory capacity errors until I started using Shakki.

There have been no updates to Shakki in over a year and a half. Though I can't be sure, my gut feeling is that we won't be seeing any further updates to this program. My recommendation: avoid this program. There are better places where you can spend your chess dollars.

Apple's iOS platform is by far the most popular mobile applications platform and it shows in the many (over 100?) chess programs available. Feel free to send me an email if you find a chess program you really like that is not discussed here.

Chess for Android!

Phones and tablets that have access to the Google Play Store are capable of running a huge selection of chess programs. Here are a couple of Android chess applications, I've gotten familiar with:

iChess

iChess is a superb chess tactics exerciser program developed by Asim Pereira. Now available for both Android and Apple systems, I find iChess to have several advantages over the tactics trainer found in Chess.com's iPad app. First of all, each tactics exercise comes from a real life game. (You'll see the players and date of the game listed just above the chessboard.) Secondly, if you make a mistake, you don't have to start completely over with the combination as you would have to do with Chess.com's trainer. Instead, you just keep trying at the step where you're at. Thirdly, you have some control over the amount of effort it takes to solve each puzzle you encounter. Difficulty levels offered are: Normal, Advanced, and Master. Finally, you don't have to have an active online internet connection when playing. Nor do you need to pay a monthly fee to have access to additional tactical exercises.

One of iChess's best features is that you can easily add more exercises. Additional packages are 99 cents each and typically contain anywhere from 200 to 300 puzzles. Some of these packages have a particular theme to them. For example, there is a 300 puzzle package on "Endgame Tactics", another 300 puzzle package covering the Sicilian Najdorf (Be2), and a 275 puzzle package titled "Magic of Mikhail Tal". Currently a dozen additional packages are offered with more being made as time goes on.

All good tactical trainer programs offer a "hints feature" for those times when you are truly stuck but don't want to skip the problem or see the whole solution. iChess offers a simple but very effective means of providing hints. If you get stuck, pressing the Hint button will outline the target square of the desired move.

iChess features sharp graphics and the piece style used is one of my favorites. 6 different pairs of board colors are offered--and they are all excellent color combinations. There are also multiple ways offered of progressing thru each puzzle set. You can configure the program to offer each challenge sequentially, randomly, or, via a "bird's eye view" feature, you can directly choose a particular puzzle by number.

You can easily email a puzzle (as a ".jpg" file) or share a puzzle via Twitter or Google+. iChess also offers "one button integration" with Analyze This (described more below). You can even import a PGN file of your choice into the program and use iChess as an "opening exerciser"! All in all, I find iChess to be the best tactical chess trainer I've yet encountered and I highly recommend it! The free version shows a small ad at the bottom of the screen. You can eliminate ads by purchasing the paid version for only $1.49.

Analyze This

Once I have completed playing a chess game, I always put it on a computer for analyses. I find it interesting to see what other lines I could have played, tactics I've missed, and how well the computer rates my overall play as well as my opponent's. I've often used ChessMaster on a desktop system to analyze a game overnight. I then save and play back the results at a later time.

There is another way of analyzing your game with a computer that doesn't require several hours of pre-processing. By putting a chess program in "analyses mode" or by using a program developed specifically for analyzing chess positions, you can interactively study your game. This type of analyses has the computer engine displaying its best thinking lines in real time as well as providing you with an overall score of who is ahead. Asim Pereira has developed just such a program called Analyze This.

There are two key features with Analyze This that really help it standout amongst other programs that perform chess analyses. First of all, it comes with not one but two first rate chess engines. Both Critter and the latest version of Stockfish are included with Analyze This. You can run one or both engines simultaneously. Secondly, this program provides you with excellent visual queues as to the current best line computed by each engine. A line is shown from the source to the target square for the best move currently evaluated. Each line is color coded to a specific engine. Thus you can easily see, at a glance, which engine is favoring a particular move. The program also does an excellent job of displaying each engine's favored move, even if they both favor the same move. Sometimes, you may wish to see multiple lines of play from one or more of the chess engines. This can be done "on the fly" just by pressing the "+" key to add a line or the "-" key to remove a line. Additional lines will be shown below the chessboard. Though only the most favored move, from each engine, will be visually shown on the chessboard.

Some basic settings are offered. You have the ability to switch on/off the board coordinates. As with iChess, you can choose one of 6 different pairs of board colors. You can easily and quickly reset the board to the starting position, clear the board to quickly set up your own position, and flip the board so black is playing from the bottom.

As with his other chess programs, Asim Pereira offers Analyze This in both free and non-free "Pro" versions. The Pro version offers the ability to import additional UCI chess engines into the program and costs only $1.99! Whether you just opt for the free version or spend a couple of bucks to go "Pro", you'll find Analyze This to be an excellent study partner for improving your chess!

Archived Handheld Chess Overview Material

Much of the rest of the material on this page (immediately below) was written 9 to 14 years ago. It covers some of the dedicated chess handheld computers that were available then. In general, the dedicated chess units tend to have screens that work well outdoors or in other brightly lit environments, but provide poor visibility indoors in comparison to a modern smartphone or tablet. You can still find several of the models mentioned below for sale at various retailers on the internet. Be careful when shopping for older chess computers handheld or otherwise. Prices for the same model can vary dramatically from one place to the next. For some hard-to-find models you may end up purchasing your dedicated chess computer from smaller (less well-known) retailers or individuals.

ChessMaster for the Nintendo GameBoy

Probably the first widely available handheld LCD chess program was the ChessMaster cartridge for the original Nintendo GameBoy. It was quite successful and when the Color GameBoy was introduced, a newer version of GameBoy ChessMaster soon followed. As for program strength, Id give the color cartridge a rating of around 1700 to 1800 Elo when played at classical tournament time controls (40 moves in 2 hours). Unfortunately, the GameBoy suffers from a too small and murky display for many people to comfortably use for long periods of time. Also, it is extremely difficult to save a game for future play. (Saving and retrieval of a previously saved game requires the entry of a ridiculously long and cryptic password!) Additionally, the GameBoy suffers from very short battery life. Long games are best done with an AC adapter attached. This defeats the portability aspect of the unit. Finally, because the original GameBoy ChessMaster cartridges are no longer being manufactured, they are becoming extremely hard to find. Your best bet for locating a cartridge is at an internet auction site such as Ebay. You can learn a lot more about GameBoy ChessMaster on a web page where Ive compared it with the Excalibur LCD handheld unit. Just click on this link: LCD Chess versus GameBoy ChessMaster

Programs for the Nintendo GameBoy Advance                                                                                                                            0236069-3c94119c58d677e9beb47ec22dd10702.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011275 00000000000 015050  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        This is like deja vu. A simple click on Twitter will reveal that a veritable army of bots and zombies continue to promulgate the lie that “Roger Stone knew” in advance about the WikiLeaks disclosures and specifically the hacking of John Podesta’s email.

The persistent insistence that I knew of Russian assistance to Assange and advised Trump of it is a lie. Roger Stone, Paul Manafort, and Donald Trump were working for the Russians? Please. It’s tedious and no evidence in the possession of our vaunted Intelligence Agencies proves this.

The claim by John Podesta that my tweets somehow proved that I had advance knowledge of the WikiLeaks hacking of his email account and that I had specific prior knowledge of the subject matter of WikiLeaks’s ultimate disclosures, is an example of claiming 2+2=6.

My specific tweet on August 16th, 2016 saying “Podesta’s time in the barrel will come soon enough.” needs to be seen in context. I posted this at a time that Podesta and his allies were savaging Paul Manafort with a series of leaks and false claims regarding his business activities in Ukraine. I knew from my own research that Podesta had been involved in money laundering for the Clinton Foundation and the Russian Mob. My tweet is a specific reference to an article I posted online on Stone Cold Truth.com on October 13th. It’s important to note that none of the information regarding Podesta’s activities in this article comes from WikiLeaks in their subsequent releases. The two are not connected.

I candidly admitted that Julian Assange and I shared a mutual friend who told me that Assange was in possession of “unspecific political dynamite” that would “adversely effect the Clinton campaign.” The claim that I knew the specific subject matter of the subsequent WikiLeaks disclosures or that I had special knowledge of the timing of these disclosures is false. In fact, Assange had already said on the record that he had information that was potentially politically damaging for Hillary Clinton.

Therefore the entire theme that “Stone knew” repeated by Podesta on CNN before the election (again with CNN affording me no opportunity to respond) and recycled by Podesta and the Clintonistas after the election in the fake news Washington Post and amplified by CNN, was as false after the election as it was before.

In fact, the entire “Russians hacked the election” media frenzy led by CNN and the New York Times was and is a false narrative. A close examination of the Intelligence services heads’ testimony before Senator John McCain’s Armed Services Committee show that the CIA’s claim that Putin had personally directed an effort to hack and influence the American election was based on an “assessment” of the agency and that members of the Senate Intelligence Committee had been “briefed” meaning that no one had yet seen actual evidence of the claimed Russian hacking.

Referring to the so-called “Special Report ” prepared by the Intelligence services On January 7th, 2017 the New York Post reported:

No evidence was presented to back up that conclusion, with officials saying that information had to remain secret.

“This document’s conclusions are identical to the highly classified assessment, but this document does not include the full supporting information, including specific intelligence on key elements of the influence campaign,” the report said.

That Obama’s CIA Director John Brennan, who refused to be sworn into office with a Bible, insists that there is no link between Islam and terrorism and has a long documented history of activism in the US Communist Party “predicted” the Russian hacking before the election and insists it happened now gives one little comfort. This creep is likely a Saudi mole.He’s the progenitor of this report without proof.

More likely there are no attachments because they don’t exist. The FBI wasting the President’s time now with a clearly fabricated memo accusing Trump of sexual impropriety supposedly while visiting Moscow that was allegedly written by a British Secret Agent with zero documentation shows the depths they will descend to use the official status of their agencies to smear Trump. 007 should learn how to spell, by the way.

The increasingly demented John McCain’s role moving this piece of poison by obtaining it and passing onto the deeply compromised FBI Director James Comey is beneath contempt. I would tell Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell that either the Senate Republicans censure McCain or Trump will withdraw the appointment of Mrs. Mitch McConnell to be Secretary of Transportation , a stupid appointment anyway given that she was the longest-serving member of the failed Bush cabinet who has prospered in the swamp.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0236058-6e1436a6a8a6c5708837df9520acc941.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003102 00000000000 014756  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Turkey with 40 Cloves

serves 4

Ingredients

4 turkey thighs, bone-in and skin-on

2 heads of garlic, peeled

of garlic, peeled 1/2 cup olive oil, plus 2 teaspoons

1/2 cup, dry white wine

2 lemons, zest removed and juiced

salt

pepper

Directions

Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.

Peel garlic (see Saveur's trick: http://www.saveur.com/article/Video/video-How-to-Peel-a-Head-of-Garlic-in-Less-Than-10-Seconds), remove zest in long strips with a vegetable peeler, and juice the lemons. Combine 1/2 cup olive oil, approximately 1/4 cup lemon juice and 1/2 cup wine. Set aside.

Preheat an oven-safe skillet (it will need a tight-fitting lid) over medium high heat. Pat turkey thighs dry with paper towels and season liberally with salt and pepper. Add 2 teaspoons of olive oil to preheated pan and add thighs, skin-side down. Cook 5-7 minutes until well-browned. If the skin sticks to the pan, leave it to cook undisturbed for a minute or two more. It should release at that point. Flip over and brown the other side for 5 minutes.

Turn off burner and pour the olive oil, lemon juice, and wine mixture around the thighs avoiding the skin. Add lemon zest, and garlic cloves around the turkey thighs.

Cover and place in oven. Bake for 1 hour and 45 minutes. Remove lid and continue cooking uncovered for 15 minutes. This will re-crisp the turkey skin.

Remove turkey from the oven, let rest for 15-20 minutes. Turkey can be de-boned for plating, if desired. Place the garlic and pan juices into a bowl for drizzling over the turkey.

We enjoyed our turkey with jasmine rice and lemon scented broccoli.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0236123-3a61eb9d5712fa4dcf8ca7bb6bc83b29.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003543 00000000000 015410  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The disturbance visible at the outer edge of Saturn's A ring in this image from NASA's Cassini spacecraft could be caused by an object replaying the birth process of icy moons.

The image is adapted from one in a paper in the journal Icarus, reporting the likely presence of an icy body causing gravitational effects on nearby ring particles, producing the bright feature visible at the ring's edge. The object, informally called "Peggy," is estimated to be no more than about half a mile, or one kilometer, in diameter. It may be in the process of migrating out of the ring, a process that one recent theory proposes as a step in the births of Saturn's several icy moons.

This image is a portion of an observation recorded by the narrow-angle camera of Cassini's imaging science subsystem on April 15, 2013. The bright feature at the edge of the A ring is about 750 miles (about 1,200 kilometers) long.

This view looks toward the illuminated side of the rings from about 53 degrees above the plane of the rings. It was obtained from a distance of approximately 775,000 miles (1.2 million kilometers) from Saturn, with a sun-Saturn-spacecraft, or phase, angle of 31 degrees. The scale is about 4 miles (about 7 kilometers) per pixel.

The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA, the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency. NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the mission for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington. The Cassini orbiter and its two onboard cameras were designed, developed and assembled at JPL. The imaging operations center is based at the Space Science Institute in Boulder, Colo.

For more information about the Cassini-Huygens mission visit http://saturn.jpl.nasa.gov and http://www.nasa.gov/cassini. The Cassini imaging team homepage is at http://ciclops.org.                                                                                                                                                             0236093-8f68f3daf7b650ddefb86528dff53639.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004742 00000000000 015320  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Smoke from a forest fire in the Brazilian Amazon. NASA Earth Observatory "Save the rain forest" is a mantra we've all grown up with, and for good reason.

About 17% of the Amazon rain forest has been lost in the last 50 years, according to the World Wildlife Fund. While the annual rate of deforestation has slowed in recent years, cattle ranching and other forms of agriculture remain serious threats to the rain forest.

But another, less talked-about issue the rain forest faces, is the threat of wildfires. While fires are a natural part of many forest life cycles, drier years can lead to particularly severe fire seasons that can damage the forests and threaten the wildlife that lives there. Additionally, human activities related to deforestation and logging can also set destructive fires in the rain forest.

A stunning data visualization from InfoAmazonia shows where forest fires have occurred in the Amazon rain forest between January 2012 and December 2014 using satellite data collected by NASA.

While the full visualization shows a complete timelapse over the past two years, the clip below shows fires in January and February of 2014. The small red and yellow dots popping up show where fires cropped up during this time, with the red dots representing any fires hotter than 116 degrees Fahrenheit and the yellow dots representing particularly high-intensity fires. The static orange and yellow patches on the map show how frequently fires occur — the brighter the yellow, the more frequent the fires.

Typically, this time of the year is relatively quiet with few fires, as you can see in the graphic.

InfoAmazonia.org This clip is from later in the year, starting in May 2014. As the region approaches the hot summer season, forest fires start to become a bit more common.

InfoAmazonia.org Peak season for forest fires is in September, according to NASA. The gif below, which shows forest fires in August and September 2014, clearly demonstrates how widespread the fires can become during this part of the season.

InfoAmazonia.org According to NASA, years with less rainfall mean the region becomes less humid, making forest vegetation drier and more likely to burn. Aside from the loss of biodiversity that can occur as a result of a severe fire, burning fires can release large amounts of climate-changing carbon into the atmosphere — so monitoring the fires and keeping them under control is a big concern for forest managers.

View the complete two-year data visualization at InfoAmazonia's website.                              0236003-b5d62e7060af88e31330ec4b680591ca.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000046711 00000000000 015023  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        “If you are protected from dark things,” Neil Gaiman said in the context of his fantastic recent adaptation of the Brothers Grimm, “then you have no protection of, knowledge of, or understanding of dark things when they show up.” Maurice Sendak was equally adamant about not shielding young minds from the dark. Tolkien believed that there is no such thing as “writing for children” and E.B. White admonished that kids shouldn’t be written down to but written up to. In her wise reflection on the difference between myth and deception, Margaret Mead asserted that “children who have been told the truth about birth and death will know … that this is a truth of a different kind.”

And yet we hardly tell children — nor ourselves — those truths. Half a century after children’s literature patron saint Ursula Nordstrom lamented that “some mediocre ladies in influential positions are actually embarrassed by an unusual book,” most books for young readers still struggle to validate children’s darker emotions and make room for difficult, complex, yet inescapable experiences like loss, loneliness, and uncertainty.

* * *

UPDATE: For three more recent additions, see Cry, Heart, But Never Break by Danish duo Glenn Ringtved and Charlotte Pardi, The Heart and the Bottle by Oliver Jeffers, Michael Rosen’s Sad Book , illustrated by the great Quentin Blake.

Here are some proudly unusual books addressing these all too common yet commonly shirked emotional realities.

1. MY FATHER’S ARMS ARE A BOAT

For more than a decade, Brooklyn-based Enchanted Lion — an independent one-woman children’s book powerhouse — has been churning out some of the bravest and most sensitive picture-books of our time, championing foreign writers and artists who create layered universes of experience outside the unimaginative bounds of the pantheon. Among them is My Father’s Arms Are a Boat (public library) by writer Stein Erik Lunde and illustrator Øyvind Torseter (of The Hole fame), translated by Kari Dickson.

This tender Norwegian gem tells the story of an anxious young boy who climbs into his father’s arms seeking comfort on a cold sleepless night. The two step outside into the winter wonderland as the boy asks questions about the red birds in the spruce tree to be cut down the next morning, about the fox out hunting, about why his mother will never wake up again. With his warm and comforting answers, the father watches his son make sense of this strange world of ours, where love and loss go hand in hand.

Above all, it is story about the quiet way in which boundless love and unconditional assurance can embolden even the heaviest of spirits to rise from the sinkhole of anxiety and anguish.

Lunde, who also writes lyrics and has translated Bob Dylan into Norwegian, is a masterful storyteller who unfolds incredible richness in few words. Meanwhile, Torseter’s exquisite 2D/3D style combining illustration and paper sculpture, reminiscent of Soyeon Kim’s wonderful You Are Stardust, envelops the story in a sheath of delicate whimsy.

2. THE FLAT RABBIT

When death comes and brings grief with it, as Joan Didion memorably put it, it’s “nothing like we expect it to be.” What we need isn’t so much protection from that engulfing darkness as the shaky comfort of understanding — a sensemaking mechanism for the messiness of loss.

That’s precisely what Faroese children’s book author and artist Bárður Oskarsson does in The Flat Rabbit (public library) — a masterwork of minimalist storytelling that speaks volumes about our eternal tussle with our own impermanence.

The book, translated by Faroese language-lover Marita Thomsen, comes from a long tradition of Scandinavian children’s books with singular sensitivity to such difficult subjects — from Tove Jansson’s vintage parables of uncertainty to Stein Erik Lunde’s Norwegian tale of grief to Øyvind Torseter’s existential meditation on the meaning of something and nothing.

The story, full of quiet wit and wistful wonder, begins with a carefree dog walking down the street. Suddenly, he comes upon a rabbit, lying silently flattened on the road. As the dog, saddened by the sight, wonders what to do, his friend the rat comes by.

“She is totally flat,” said the rat. For a while they just stood there looking at her. “Do you know her?” “Well,” said the dog, “I think she’s from number 34. I’ve never talked to her, but I peed on the gate a couple of times, so we’ve definitely met.”

The two agree that “lying there can’t be any fun” and decide to move her, but don’t know where to take her and head to the park to think.

The dog was now so deep in thought that, had you put your ear to his skull, you would have actually heard him racking his brain.

Embedded in the story is a subtle reminder that ideas don’t come to us by force of will but by the power of incubation as everything we’ve unconsciously absorbed clicks together into new combinations in our minds. As the dog sits straining his neurons, we see someone flying a kite behind him — a seeming aside noted only in the visual narrative, but one that becomes the seed for the rabbit solution.

Exclaiming that he has a plan, the dog returns to the scene with the rat. They take the rabbit from the road and work all night on the plan, hammering away in the doghouse.

In the next scene, we see the rabbit lovingly taped to the frame of a kite, which takes the dog and the rat forty-two attempts to fly.

With great simplicity and sensitivity, the story lifts off into a subtle meditation on the spiritual question of an afterlife — there is even the spatial alignment of a proverbial heaven “above.” It suggests — to my mind, at least — that all such notions exist solely for the comfort of the living, for those who survive the dead and who confront their own mortality in that survival, and yet there is peace to be found in such illusory consolations anyway, which alone is reason enough to have them.

Mostly, the story serves as a gentle reminder that we simply don’t have all the answers and that, as John Updike put it, “the mystery of being is a permanent mystery.”

Once the kite was flying, they watched it in silence for a long time. “Do you think she is having a good time?” the rat finally asked, without looking at the dog. The dog tried to imagine what the world would look like from up there. “I don’t know…” he replied slowly. “I don’t know.”

The Flat Rabbit was one of the best children’s books of 2014.

3. DAVEY MCGRAVY

If grief is so Sisyphean a struggle even for grownups, how are tiny humans to handle a weight so monumental once it presses down? Poet David Mason offers an uncommonly comforting answer in Davey McGravy (public library) — a lyrical litany of loss for children of all ages. Across a series of poems, accompanied by early-Sendakesque etchings by artist Grant Silverstein, we meet a little boy named Davey McGravy living in the tall-treed forest with his father and brothers. A few tender verses in, we realize that Davey is caught in the mire of mourning his mother.

Without invalidating the deep melancholy that has set in, Mason makes room for the mystery of life and death, inviting in the miraculous immortality of love. With great gentleness, he reminds us that whenever we grieve for someone we love, we grieve for our entire world, for the entire world; that whenever one grieves, the whole world grieves.

THE KITCHEN He walked to where his father stood

and hugged him by a leg

and wept like the babe he used to be

in the green house by the lake He wept for the giants in the woods

for the otter that swam in the waves.

He wept for his mother in the fog

so far away. And then he felt a hand,

a big hand in his hair.

“It’s Davey McGravy,” his father said.

“I’m glad you’re here.” “Davey McGravy,” he said again,

“How’s that for a brand new name?

Davey McGravy. Not so bad.

I like a name that rhymes.” And there was his father on his knees

holding our boy in his arms.

And Davey McGravy felt the scratch

of whiskers and felt warm. “Nobody else has a name like that.

It’s all your own.

Davey McGravy. Davey McGravy.

You could sing it in a song. And then his father kissed him,

ruffled his hair and said,

“Supper time, Davey McGravy.

Then it’s time for bed.”

TO LOVE May I call you Love? Very well, then, you are Love,

and this is a tale about a boy

named Davey. Never mind the rest of his name.

You need only know that he was born

in the land of rain

and the tallest of tall trees — great shaggy cedars like the boots

of giants covered in green,

and where the giants had gone

no one could ever tell. Only their boots remained

on the wet green grass,

surrounded by ferns on the shore

of a long, cold, windy lake. That’s where Davey was born, Love.

That’s where you must imagine him,

a wee squall of tears and swaddling,

a babe, as you were too a babe, with parents and the whole canoe,

the whole catastrophe

we call a family —

the human zoo.

Only a rare poet can merge the reverence of Thoreau with the irreverence of Zorba the Greek to create something wholly unlike anything else — and that is what Mason accomplishes in Davey McGravy.

4. WE ARE ALL IN THE DUMPS WITH JACK AND GUY

The 1993 masterwork We Are All in the Dumps with Jack and Guy (public library), which I’ve covered extensively here, is the darkest yet most hopeful book Maurice Sendak ever created, as well as one of his most personal. It’s an unusual fusion of two traditional Mother Goose nursery rhymes — “In the Dumps” and “Jack and Gye” — reimagined and interpreted by Sendak’s singular sensibility, and permeated by many layers of cultural and personal subtext.

On a most basic level, the story follows a famished black baby, part of a clan of homeless children dressed in newspaper and living in boxes, kidnapped by a gang of giant rats. Jack and Guy, who are strolling nearby and first brush the homeless kids off, witness the kidnapping and set out to rescue the boy. But the rats challenge them to a rigged game of bridge, with the child as the prize. After a series of challenges that play out across a number of scary scenes, Jack and Guy emerge victorious and save the boy with the help of the omniscient Moon and a mighty white cat that chases the rats away.

Created at the piercing pinnacle of the AIDS plague and amid an epidemic of homelessness, it is a highly symbolic, sensitive tale that reads almost like a cry for mercy, for light, for resurrection of the human spirit at a time of incomprehensible heartbreak and grimness. It is, above all, a living monument to hope — one built not on the denial of hopelessness but on its delicate demolition.

But the book’s true magic lies in its integration of Sendak’s many identities — the son of Holocaust survivors, a gay man witnessing the devastation of AIDS, a deft juggler of darkness and light.

Jack and Guy appear like a gay couple, and their triumph in rescuing the child resembles an adoption, two decades before that was an acceptable subject for a children’s book. “And we’ll bring him up / As other folk do,” the final pages read — and, once again, a double meaning reveals itself as two characters are depicted with wings on their backs, lifting off into the sky, lending the phrase “we’ll bring him up” an aura of salvation. In the end, the three curl up as a makeshift family amidst a world that is still vastly imperfect but full of love.

We are all in the dumps

For diamonds are thumps

The kittens are gone to St. Paul’s!

The baby is bit

The moon’s in a fit

And the houses are built

Without walls Jack and Guy

Went out in the Rye

And they found a little boy

With one black eye

Come says Jack let’s knock

Him on the head

No says Guy

Let’s buy him some bread

You buy one loaf

And I’ll buy two

And we’ll bring him up

As other folk do

In many ways, this is Sendak’s most important and most personal book. In fact, Sendak would resurrect the characters of Jack and Guy two decades later in his breathtaking final book, a posthumously published love letter to the world and to his partner of fifty years, Eugene Glynn. Jack and Guy, according to playwright Tony Kushner, a dear friend of Sendak’s, represented the two most important people in the beloved illustrator’s life — Jack was his real-life brother Jack, whose death devastated Sendak, and Guy was Eugene, the love of Sendak’s life, who survived him after half a century of what would have been given the legal dignity of a marriage had Sendak lived to see the dawn of marriage equality. (Sendak died thirteen months before the defeat of DOMA.)

All throughout, the book emanates Sendak’s greatest lifelong influence — like the verses and drawings of William Blake, Sendak’s visual poetry in We Are All in the Dumps with Jack and Guy is deeply concerned with the human spirit and, especially, with the plight of children. See more of it here.

5. LOVE IS FOREVER

In Love is Forever (public library), writer Casey Rislov, who holds a master’s degree in elementary education and has an intense interest in special needs, and artist Rachel Balsaits unpack the complexities of loss with elegant simplicity.

The sweet verses and tender illustrations tell the story of Little Owl, who loves her Grandfather Owl very much. With the help of her parents and baby brother, Little Owl processes the profound sadness over her grandfather’s death by learning to keep his love alive forever.

Our love is a gift, a treasure to hold,

a story in our hearts forevermore. This gift of love we have been given

is one that is pure, constant and sure.

The final pages feature a short guide for parents and teachers to the basic psychological phenomena that the mourner experiences and how to address those in children.

6. NICOLAS

Nicolas (public library), the debut of Quebecois cartoonist Pascal Girard, is a kind of children’s book for grownups chronicling the many faces and phases of grief in a series of autobiographical sketches that unfold over the decades since the childhood death of Girard’s younger brother, Nicolas. With great subtlety, honesty, and unsentimental sensitivity, he explores the multitude of complex emotions — sadness, numbness, restlessness, anxiety, even boredom, in Kierkegaard’s sense of existential emptiness — and their disorienting nonlinear flow.

From the confusing first days after Nicolas’s death from lactic acidosis in 1990, to Girard’s teenage years awkwardly telling kids in high school about his loss, to life as an adult paralyzed with dread over having a child of his own on account of everything that might go wrong, this moving visual narrative is at once utterly harrowing and tenaciously hopeful, told with gentle humor and great humanity.

Woven throughout the deeply personal story are the common threads of mourning, universal to the human experience — how we cling to the illusion that understanding the details of death would make processing its absoluteness easier, how we channel our restlessness into an impulse to do something (there is Girard as a boy, fundraising for lactic acidosis research in his neighborhood; there he is as a teenager, numbing the unprocessed grief with drugs), how bearing witness to the mourning of others rekindles our own but also makes more deeply empathetic (Nicolas, one realizes midway through the book, died exactly eleven years before the 9/11 attacks, the news of which resurfaces Girard’s grief as he is bowled over with empathy for the tragedy of others), and most of all how “the people we most love do become a physical part of us, ingrained in our synapses.”

What emerges is the elegant sidewise assurance that while grief never fully leaves us, we can be okay — more than that, in the words of Rilke, we can arrive at the difficult but transformative understanding that “death is our friend precisely because it brings us into absolute and passionate presence with all that is here, that is natural, that is love.”

7. LITTLE TREE

Pop-up books have a singular magic, but even the pioneering vintage “interactive” picture-books of Italian graphic designer Bruno Munari can’t compare to the beauty, subtlety, and exquisite elegance of those by Japanese graphic designer and book artist Katsumi Komagata.

When his daughter was born in 1990, Komagata expanded his graphic design studio, One Stroke, into publishing and began making extraordinary picture-books — including some particularly thoughtful and beguiling masterpieces for children with disabilities, from tactile pop-up gems to sign-language stories.

In 2008, Komagata released Little Tree (public library) — a most unusual and immeasurably wonderful story tracing the life-cycle of a single tree as it explores, with great subtlety and sensitivity, deeper themes of impermanence and the cycle of all life.

I received this delicate treasure as a gift from a dear friend, who had met Komagata at the Guadalajara International Book Fair. The book, she said, was inspired by a young child struggling with making sense of life and death after the loss of a beloved father, one of Komagata’s own dear friends.

On each spread of this whimsical trilingual story — told in Japanese, French, and English — a different stage of the tree’s growth unfolds, beginning with the tiny promise of a seedling poking through the snow.

No one notices such a small presence … be still here in the snow

Slowly, it grows into the recognizable shape of a tree and makes its way through the season — shy leaves greet the world in spring, a lush crown bathes in summer’s sunshine and turns a warm yellow, then a glowing red, as autumn embraces it.

A family of birds packs its nest, preparing to fly away for the winter.

When winter descends — that philosophical staple of intelligent children’s books — the mood darkens.

Clouds cover the sky

The wind blows hard, almost breaking the branches

Sheets of rain fill the darkness … be still here in the dark

But spring eventually returns, and the whole cycle repeats and repeats, until the tree grows “tall enough to look around when at the beginning it was too small and everything was big.”

Indeed, the book is very much a study in perspective — the existential through the spatial — as the tree’s height increases and its shadow shifts. With his gentle genius, Komagata casts the shadows of all peripheral characters and objects — a street lamp, a man walking his dog, a bird — not from the perspective of the reader but from that of the tree, appearing upside-down on the page. (To capture Komagata’s intended vignettes, I photographed the book from the top of the page facing down, following the tree’s viewpoint.)

And so the cycle of life continues — a new crow takes the nest built by last year’s bird, and as it observes these rhythms, the tree’s “point of view keeps changing.”

The man who lost a friend lays a flower down

It can’t be helped … be still here

But as wistful as the story is, the book is ultimately optimistic — a beautiful allegory for the same notion found in Rilke’s philosophy of befriending death in order to live more fully. At the end, the seed spurs a new turn of the cycle of life, going back to the beginning.

The seed was carried somewhere unknown

Surely it will exist for someone even though no one notices such a small presence at the beginning

* * *

For a grownup counterpart, see Meghan O’Rourke’s moving memoir of learning to live with loss, Anne Lamott on grief and gratitude, Atul Gawande’s indispensable Being Mortal, and Joanna Macy on how Rilke can help us befriend our mortality.                                                       0236054-b44b1aa19dd3a363a3fc1af3befc08e8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002723 00000000000 015450  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        (The title of this post is satirical. It is not a direct quote from Senator Clinton.)

Anybody watch Step It Up And Dance last night? HOT STUFF!

Anyway gang, I just read something remarkable. "Remarkable" as in, "It is remarkable that my eyeballs are still in my head after reading that."

In an interview with the editorial board of the Sioux Falls Argus-Leader today, Hillary Clinton brought up Bobby Kennedy's June, 1968 assassination as an argument against her dropping out of the Democratic primary.

"My husband did not wrap up the nomination in 1992 until he won the California primary somewhere in the middle of June, right? We all remember Bobby Kennedy was assassinated in June in California. I don't understand it," she said, dismissing calls to drop out.

She has a point: June is a great month for political assassinations.

Why drop out of the race before all the assassins have had their say?

After all, we know Barack Obama has received multiple death threats -- because he is black, of course, and because some of our fellow citizens think he's a secret Muslim terrorist who is going to take the oath of office on the Koran and make us all pray to Mecca five times a day with that screechy music coming over the loudspeakers(?) and then he'll crash Air Force One into the White House(?) and force our wives to wear those Muslim beekeeper helmets(?).

And the truth is, Obama has consistently failed to win over those voters who want to see him murdered.

UPDATE (5:45 PM):                                             0236067-a09e5c2f55750a4e39db2d86564e15d0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002466 00000000000 015045  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        WESLEY CHAPEL, Fla., Feb. 18 (UPI) -- Police in Florida said a late-night drunken brawl between a couple began when the husband got out of bed to use the restroom and missed the toilet.

Pasco County Sheriff's deputies said they arrived at the mobile home of Deanne Elsholz, 44, and David Elsholz, 50, in Wesley Chapel late Monday night and found both spouses drunk and with slightly different accounts of the evening's confrontation, the St. Petersburg (Fla.) Times reported Thursday.

Deanne told deputies she asked her husband what he was doing when she heard his urine splashing on the floor and he struck her in the head with a towel. She said she then threw the glass that struck him in the nose, causing blood to flow onto his chest and arms.

The deputies' report says Deanne then "ran into the bathroom and slipped on David's pee." She then claims he kicked her in the ribs while she was on the ground.

David's account differs in that he denies hitting his wife with the towel, saying she threw the glass at him while he was attempting to go back to bed. He also made no mention of kicking his wife.

Deanne Elsholz was deemed the aggressor in the conflict and arrested for domestic battery, a charge David has faced twice in recent years. Deputies said she was examined by a doctor who determined her ribs were not injured.                                                                                                                                                                                                          0236131-3ca497bf504770ffad4d156a3325093a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002421 00000000000 015013  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Former Obama speechwriter Jon Lovett appeared on CNN this morning and took a moment to critique the network for putting “stupid” people defending President Trump on the air.

Brian Stelter asked about his issues with cable news, and Lovett said that while Stelter in particular has consistently called out Sean Hannity, CNN comes out with panels that are “smart person, smart person, smart person, stupid person, smart person, smart person, smart person, bullshit factory.”

RELATED: CNN’s Fareed Zakaria: Trump ‘Has Succeeded by Bullshitting’

He said he’s not insulting all Trump supporters, just saying that the pro-Trump people who appear on CNN are “terrible representatives of the views of conservatives” and they’re “not intellectually honest people.”

“The same criticism you direct at Hannity,” Lovett told Stelter, “you could direct at the people that CNN puts on the air.”

In talking about the kind of discussion people are hungry for these days, Lovett said he wants a “no-bullshit conversation about politics” on his podcast. (And if you’re wondering, he was not censored either time he said it.)

Watch above, via CNN.

[image via screengrab]

— —

Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac

Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0236039-c539cfc4f472d6d018bce42e97f6afbe.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004162 00000000000 015431  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry suggested on Thursday that the expansion of fossil fuel use in Africa would help protect people there from sexual assault, a comment that drew a swift rebuke from environmental activists.

U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry speaks to reporters during a briefing at the White House in Washington, U.S., June 27, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque - RC1D9F60B890

Perry, a former Texas governor who has pushed to expand U.S. oil, gas and coal output and exports, made the remark while discussing a trip he made to South Africa last week.

He said a young woman from a village told him that electricity was important to her not only because it would free her from having to read by the light of a fire with choking fumes, but also from the standpoint of sexual assault.

“When the lights are on, when you have light, it shines the righteousness, if you will, on those types of acts,” Perry, a Republican, told the event hosted by Axios and NBC News.

“From the standpoint of how you really affect people’s lives, fossil fuel is going to play a role in that,” he said.

The Sierra Club, an environmental group that campaigns for increased use of wind and solar power, called for Perry to resign after his comments.

“To suggest that fossil fuel development will decrease sexual assault is not only blatantly untrue, it is an inexcusable attempt to minimize a serious and pervasive issue,” said the group’s director, Michael Brune.

Many advocates of renewable electricity say increased use of wind and solar can bring power to many remote areas faster than centralized and expensive fossil fuel plants or liquid fuel generators. Efficient storage of renewable power in batteries can be a hurdle, however.

The Energy Department did not immediately respond to a question about reaction to Perry’s comments.

South Africa satisfied less than 2 percent of its energy demand with renewable sources in 2016, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, the independent statistics arm of the Energy Department. Coal provided 70 percent of its energy, oil 22 percent, and natural gas, 4 percent.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0236138-71aaeca0ad6520323c068d39136c1193.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004535 00000000000 014731  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        I do not write much on Quora. But the question is very tempting for me. I had a very wonderful experience with Dravid which I will cherish for lifetime.A year back, my friend was seriously ill with Cancer. He was a huge fan of Dravid. So much that whenever he batted he recalled Dravid's shots and tried to emulate them.One day a couple of us went to see him in hospital. He was being treated for blood cancer. His condition was critical and chances of recovery were negligible. We used to discuss cricket a lot. Even during his critical condition, when it was extremely difficult for him to utter simple words, he would relish any discussion on cricket. When we were leaving, he expressed a desire to talk to Dravid. We started contacting Dravid from all the possible sources we could. Though we did not hope that we will get any reply from Dravid.A few days later, one of us got a call from Veejeta, Dravid's wife. Dravid had gone through our emails. She was definitely touched by our efforts and expressed Dravid's desire to have a Skype chat. We were unsure if Dravid could make it because of his busy schedule.But he did. Dravid talked with my friend in the hospital for almost an hour. He apologized for not able to come in person. The smile on my friend's face was precious. He was beaming with happiness. Not just that, Dravid talked with his parents, his doctors and all other patients in the ward. Dravid made sure that he left my friend and his parents motivated after the conversation. After that hour there was positive vibe in hospital.We recorded the entire conversation. Unfortunately, my friend could not survive the harshness of cancer. The gesture which Dravid showed definitely made him gather courage for some part of his fight with cancer. When I watch the video I see my friend's face smiling and content. I feel proud that during his last days we were able to make him smile.In case you read this, thank you Rahul Dravid!I am glad to see such a response. There are a couple of request to share the video. But I will resist. This is personal and I would like it to be that way. I do not mind sharing a screenshot.The video is now accessible to public on YouTube. We hope that the message reaches Rahul Dravid and other people who are working to make the world a better place by their kind acts.

This has been an emotional journey for all of us. You can find more details at                                                                                                                                                                   0236111-339da5c2019899449ddb6fd1bc7464c1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016400 00000000000 015035  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Submitted by Darius Shahtahmasebi via TheAntiMedia.org,

Given the strong link between leadership and psychopathy, questioning the sanity of our future leaders might not be so preposterous. One study, for example, found high rates of superficiality, insincerity, and an inability to empathize in a number of business CEOs (one in five).

In order to be successful at the level of a world-renowned politician or head of a powerful conglomeration, one often has to take actions that can severely affect others. Being able to do so without feeling guilt or remorse is an advantage in both the business and political world.

When it comes to Hillary Clinton, she not only displays traits one would likely regard as psychotic, but she also seems to be completely off-balance in other aspects of her mental constitution, such as in documented instances where she has appeared to have lost complete control of her faculties or has compulsively lied and barked like a dog.

Let’s take a look at the evidence.

1. Execution of Muammar Gaddafi

Clinton’s leaked emails confirmed the long-held “conspiracy theory” that the plan to take out Libya’s then-dictator, Muammar Gaddafi, was motivated not by human rights concerns, but by Gaddafi’s plan to introduce a gold-backed currency that would unite the entire African continent. This currency would then be used to sell oil in the global market, and the African continent would be less reliant on the American dollar, strengthening Africa’s position in the world economy to the detriment of the NATO empire.

When Gaddafi was summarily executed by al-Qaeda-affiliated rebels on the streets of Sirte, Clinton’s response in a subsequent interview was to say “We came. We saw. He died,” before breaking out into Riddler-style laughter.

Anyone who has watched the videos of Gaddafi being captured by al-Qaeda-linked rebels can admit it is no Adam Sandler movie (considering how painful an Adam Sandler movie can be, this should illustrate the brutality of Gaddafi’s execution). Many reports indicated Gaddafi was raped by a bayonet.

Hilarious, Hillary.

2. Boko Haram

But Hillary Clinton clearly has empathy for others, her supporters might claim. What about the time she issued grandiose urgings to “Bring back our girls” after the savage terror group Boko Haram kidnapped 276 schoolgirls in Nigeria? Surely that shows her humanitarianism.

Yet the fact anyone could fall for such charade demonstrates how manipulative Hillary Clinton can be — a hallmark characteristic of someone who is psychologically unwell. It was Hillary Clinton who refused to put Boko Haram on the U.S. official terror list in the first place despite repeated requests from the CIA. Further, her policies in Libya led to the growth of Boko Haram, as the terror group was able to capitalize on the instability in Libya and receive a number of advanced stolen weapons.

Clinton’s policies allowed a terror group to grow like wildfire yet she is confident enough to pretend to care about its victims.

Does that sound like the conduct of someone who is mentally balanced?

3. Iran

In a 2012 interview with Charlie Rose, this time discussing what to do with the “threat” of Iran, James Baker stated that if the administration couldn’t get to Iran the way they were planning to, then they “ought to take them out.” Clinton is then given the opportunity to respond, during which she erupts into an enormous fit of laughter (again), as if war is a hilarious joke.

Generally speaking, people who laugh while contemplating or after committing murder are on the receiving end of a life-term imprisonment sentence.

4. Fits of Rage

A number of inside staffers who worked with Hillary Clinton have gone on record to say Clinton would often erupt into fits of rage. For example, Hillary Clinton reportedly once threw a Bible at the back of a Secret Service agent’s head and was subsequently told doing so was not acceptable behavior.

This kind of behavior led Secret Service agents to believe being assigned to Hillary Clinton was “a form of punishment handed down by passive-aggressive middle management.”

As stated by former agent, Gary Byrne:

“Most of us knew to brace for her inevitable eruptions. They didn’t happen every day, but behind closed doors we learned about them fast. In public, she was everyone’s best friend. Privately, she was her normal self.”

But wait, there’s more:

“One day, UD [Uniformed Division] officers met to review events at their respective posts. A bewildered new officer arrived. ‘Hey you’ll never believe it, but I passed the First lady and she told me to go to hell!’ A second young officer responded, ‘You think that’s bad? I passed her on the West Colonnade, and all I said was ‘Good morning, First Lady.’ She told me, ‘Go f— yourself.’ ‘Are you serious?’ ‘Go f— yourself!’ He imitated her, pointing a finger.”

It is normal for people to become enraged when they are frustrated, though it is likely not as normal to throw heavy objects at others and curse them out for saying hello. Perhaps there is a direct reason for Clinton’s heightened frustration in that she is not all there upstairs. Senior aide Huma Abedin’s emails disclosed Hillary Clinton is often “confused” and in constant need of careful guidance to understand her own schedule.

5. Acting Presidential

As a prominent political figure, lying is almost unavoidable for someone of Clinton’s stature. However, not many politicians have the ability to lie as often or as systematically as Clinton. For example, Clinton claims to be named after New Zealand-born Mt. Everest climber, Sir Edmund Hillary despite the fact he climbed Mt. Everest six years after she was born. She lied about her infamous email scandal and continues to joke about it to this day. She consistently lied about what happened in Benghazi, claiming a controversial video incited the violence that resulted in the deaths of American personnel on that fateful day.

She even lied about being under sniper fire in the Bosnian war zone. This turned out to be a complete fabrication.

However, what’s most concerning is not her ability to lie, as this would not separate her from any politician in our current climate, but her ability to display behavior that most people tend to find unnerving.

Seriously, see for yourself.

Click this link to see Hillary Clinton bobbing her head frantically like she is auditioning to play a DC supervillain before she completely ignores the question being asked and recommends an iced chai beverage. Click this link to see Hillary Clinton making a face so ridiculous one should question whether the person behind the wheel has taken a permanent vacation. Click this link to see Hillary Clinton barking like a dog to her constituents. Click this link to see Hillary Clinton referring to Donald Trump as her husband.

Luckily, we have an explanation for all of this behavior, as explained in December of last year. (She might have a drinking problem.)

For maximum effect, watch all of the footage in one go, one after the other, starting with a video of Muammar Gaddafi screaming — and Hillary Clinton’s reaction — up until she barks like a dog. Then see how confident you are at the voting booths this November.

Or, perhaps, she simply has a serious condition that requires stringent medical attention.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0236100-49a51fd25ccb3ce60270dae2303284e9.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004720 00000000000 015066  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Jamie Carragher believes Fernando Torres failed to give his best in his final days at Liverpool, but insists Luis Suarez will not follow that lead if he remains at Anfield next season.

Suarez has stated his desire to leave Liverpool this summer after a series of high-profile incidents which have marred his spell in English football.

However, Carragher is convinced the Uruguayan will give everything to the Reds' cause if he does not secure a big-money move in the coming weeks.

"I do believe that Suarez is a slightly different character to Fernando Torres," said Carragher at a Sky TV event.

"The thing about keeping unhappy players is an issue because we had that experience with Torres and keeping him wasn't the right thing to do. Torres wasn't the same player for about 18 months and that's certainly what you don't want.

"There were times, I believe, when Torres wasn't giving his best on the pitch for Liverpool and that is why it was a mistake to keep him.

"I don't think that will happen with Suarez, simply because of the player he is, but it is something you must be aware of. Obviously, it is a difficult situation if a player has had his head turned, but someone at the club would have to deal with it."

Carragher went on to concede the prospect of a move to Real Madrid would unsettle any player, but he is urging his now former employers to do all they can to keep Suarez at the club.

"Luis is one of the best players in the world and when Real Madrid come calling, it will obviously turn a player's head," he stated. "He's obviously had his head turned, but which player wouldn't.

"They are probably the most famous club in world football, they have the record of winning all those European Cups and let's not forget, they took Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United and United had just been in the Champions League final.

"It's not easy for any club when Real Madrid want one of your players and it's a difficult situation for the club, but if Luis went, it would be top money.

"If he was to be sold, it would be up to the club to make sure that the money was spent in the right way, after maybe not doing that when Torres went.

"If a player wants to go, it doesn't mean the club has to accept it. He signed a contract, so it's the club's decision more than Luis's. They either wait for a bid they think is acceptable or they decide to keep him because he is Liverpool's best player and they want to build a team around him. It's not in Luis's court, it's in Liverpool's court."                                                0236012-75144e11fa99bd10d2d6bc6a8410e4c9.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004372 00000000000 015100  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The ‘will it, won’t it’ speculation about Apple moving into original TV content in a significant way continues today with a WSJ report claiming that the company is planning to offer ‘original scripted TV content’ by the end of the year. Apple is also said to be ‘considering’ the idea of offering original movies, though these plans are said to be less advanced.

Apple is planning to build a significant new business in original television shows and movies, according to people familiar with the matter […] Executives at Apple have told people in Hollywood they hope to start offering original scripted content by the end of 2017.

While speculation has so far focused on the idea of Apple offering subscription TV packages, today’s report suggests more of a continuation of the company’s approach to date …

NordVPN

Rather than a separate subscription fee for TV shows, the WSJ report suggests that original programming would be offered as part of the existing Apple Music subscription. The plan is said to be geared to helping the service catch up with Spotify’s larger subscriber base. It was reported in December that Apple Music had 20M paying subscribers, around half that of Spotify.

Apple is said to be considering a small number of high-profile shows.

The shows Apple is considering would likely be comparable to critically acclaimed programs like Westworld on Time Warner’s HBO or Stranger Things on Netflix .

Apple was originally thought to be planning a web TV service to compete with cable companies, but these plans reportedly stalled as the company struggled to negotiate deals with networks.

Today’s report contradicts a statement by Eddy Cue last year that Apple was ‘not in the business of trying to create TV shows,’ though he did add that the company might ‘help and guide’ shows that were considered complementary to Apple Music.

Apple has so far offered a limited amount of music-focused original content, including its first documentary, ‘808’ about the influence of Roland’s TR-808 drum machine. Apple also acquired the rights to Carpool Karaoke, similarly expected to be offered to Apple Music subscribers. Additionally, the company is working on Planet of the Apps, a reality TV show focused on competitive app development.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0236096-235873e65ce9a7b6905e03130cea2da0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002122 00000000000 015020  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A federal appeals court in New York has thrown out a $655.5 million verdict rendered last year that had held the Palestinian Authority and the Palestine Liberation Organization liable for their roles in supporting terrorist attacks in Israel that claimed American lives.

In reversing the verdict on Wednesday in the case, which drew the attention of the Obama administration, the appeals court did not minimize the impact of the six terrorist attacks, which occurred from 2002 to 2004, but it held that the Federal District Court in Manhattan had lacked the jurisdiction to hear the case.

“The terror machine-gun attacks and suicide bombings that triggered this suit and victimized these plaintiffs were unquestionably horrific,” said a three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, in Manhattan.

“But the federal courts cannot exercise jurisdiction in a civil case beyond the limits prescribed by the due process clause of the Constitution,” the court added, “no matter how horrendous the underlying attacks or morally compelling the plaintiffs’ claims.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0236082-99cb1762d80d569f95b5ce07210539ed.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000061150 00000000000 014774  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Navigate this page:

Overview

Over the past 20 years, the United States has granted permanent residency status to an average of about 1 million immigrants each year. These new “green card” recipients qualify for residency in a wide variety of ways – as family members of current U.S. residents, recipients of employment visas, refugees and asylum seekers, or winners of a visa lottery – and they include people from nearly every country in the world. But their geographic origins gradually have been shifting. U.S. government statistics show that a smaller percentage come from Europe and the Americas than did so 20 years ago, and a growing share now come from Asia, sub-Saharan Africa and the Middle East-North Africa region.

With this geographic shift, it is likely that the religious makeup of legal immigrants also has been changing. The U.S. government, however, does not keep track of the religion of new permanent residents. As a result, the figures on religious affiliation in this report are estimates produced by combining government statistics on the birthplaces of new green card recipients over the period between 1992 and 2012 with the best available U.S. survey data on the religious self-identification of new immigrants from each major country of origin.

While Christians continue to make up a majority of legal immigrants to the U.S., the estimated share of new legal permanent residents who are Christian declined from 68% in 1992 to 61% in 2012. Over the same period, the estimated share of green card recipients who belong to religious minorities rose from approximately one-in-five (19%) to one-in-four (25%). This includes growing shares of Muslims (5% in 1992, 10% in 2012) and Hindus (3% in 1992, 7% in 2012). The share of Buddhists, however, is slightly smaller (7% in 1992, 6% in 2012), while the portion of legal immigrants who are religiously unaffiliated (atheist, agnostic or nothing in particular) has remained relatively stable, at about 14% per year.1

Unauthorized immigrants, by contrast, come primarily from Latin America and the Caribbean, and the overwhelming majority of them – an estimated 83% – are Christian. That share is slightly higher than the percentage of Christians in the U.S. population as a whole (estimated at just under 80% of U.S. residents of all ages, as of 2010).2

These are among the key findings of a new study by the Pew Research Center’s Forum on Religion & Public Life examining recent trends in the geographic origins and religious affiliation of immigrants to the United States. (For information on religion among migrants not just in the U.S. but globally, see the Pew Research Center’s 2012 report “Faith on the Move: The Religious Affiliation of International Migrants.”)

About the Estimates

The U.S. government does not collect data on the religious affiliation of immigrants. However, estimates can be made using information gathered by the Department of Homeland Security on the countries of origin of new green card recipients. To estimate the religious breakdown of immigrants from each country, the Pew Research Center relied primarily on the New Immigrant Survey, a nationwide survey conducted in 2003 by scholars at the RAND Corporation, Princeton University, New York University and Yale University that asked more than 8,500 recent legal immigrants about their religion, among other questions.3

The use of survey data along with country-of-origin data improves the reliability of the estimates because, in some cases, the religious makeup of migrants differs from the religious composition of the overall population in their country of birth. This study does not automatically assume, for example, that if the population of Country A is 75% Muslim, then 75% of migrants from Country A to the United States must be Muslim. On the contrary, the study uses data from the New Immigrant Survey on the religious breakdown of new U.S. green card recipients to estimate the religious affiliation of the vast majority (95%) of legal immigrants.

On the other hand, the use of a single survey conducted at one point in time (albeit roughly in the middle of the 20-year period under examination) may introduce some time-related bias. In the absence of survey data on new immigrants from other years, this study assumes that throughout the period from 1992 to 2012, the religious breakdown of legal immigrants to the U.S. from each country of origin was the same as in 2003, at the time of the survey. For example, if the New Immigrant Survey found that 60% of new green card recipients from Country B were Christian and 40% were Buddhist, then those percentages were applied to the number of new green card recipients from Country B in every year from 1992 to 2012. This means that all of the estimated change in the religious makeup of legal immigrants reported in this study is a result of shifts in their geographic origins. This study is unable to capture any changes that may have occurred in the religious mix of migrants from a particular country.

Other evidence attests to some of the broad patterns identified by the study, however. For example, Pew Research Center surveys of U.S. Muslims in 2007 and 2011 suggest that the number of Muslims living in the United States rose in that four-year period by about 300,000 adults and 100,000 children, to a total of about 2.75 million Muslims of all ages – a rate of increase that is in line with the estimates in this report and would be difficult to explain without rising immigration. Similarly, a Pew Research Center survey of Asian Americans in 2012, combined with U.S. Census data, suggests that the number of Hindus in the United States has been increasing in large part due to rising immigration over the past two decades.

To reflect some of the uncertainty inherent in the estimates, all population numbers in this report are rounded to the nearest 10,000 and percentages are rounded to whole numbers.

For more explanation of how the estimates were calculated, see the methodology.

Geographic Origins

The geographic origins of new permanent residents have shifted markedly during the past two decades, according to U.S. government data. In 1992, a total of 41% of new permanent residents came from the Asia-Pacific region, the Middle East-North Africa region or sub-Saharan Africa. By 2012, more than half (53%) of new green card holders were from those regions.

Conversely, the annual percentage of legal immigrants coming from Europe and the Americas has decreased. In 1992, well over half (59%) of all new legal immigrants came from Europe, Latin America and the Caribbean or North America. By 2012, fewer than half (47%) came from those regions.

Religious Affiliation

The number of immigrants who are granted legal permanent residency fluctuates from year to year, but generally has been increasing since 1945.4 It rose from about 250,000 annually in the 1950s to an average of about 1 million per year over the last two decades. In 1992, for example, there were approximately 970,000 new green card recipients. Of these, an estimated 650,000 were Christians (68%), 180,000 belonged to other religious groups (19%) and 130,000 were religiously unaffiliated (14%).5

In 2012, by comparison, approximately 1,030,000 immigrants received permanent residency status, including an estimated 620,000 Christians (61%), 260,000 people of other faiths (25%) and 140,000 religiously unaffiliated immigrants (14%).

Christians remain by far the largest religious group among legal U.S. immigrants, though their estimated share has decreased from 68% in 1992 to 61% in 2012. Over the past two decades, the U.S. has admitted an estimated 12.7 million Christian immigrants.

The second-largest religious category among legal immigrants is the unaffiliated, which includes atheists, agnostics and people who do not identify with any particular religion. In recent years, the share of immigrants who have no religious affiliation has held fairly stable, at about 14%. Since 1992, the U.S. has admitted an estimated 2.8 million religiously unaffiliated immigrants.

Over the same period, the estimated share of legal Muslim immigrants entering the U.S. each year has roughly doubled, from about 5% of legal immigrants in 1992 to about 10% in 2012. Since 1992, the U.S. has admitted an estimated total of about 1.7 million Muslim immigrants.

Hindu immigrants also have increased in number over the past 20 years, rising from about 3% of new permanent residents in 1992 to 7% in 2012. In that span, the U.S. has admitted nearly a million Hindu immigrants, according to the Pew Research Center’s estimate.

By contrast, the annual share of Buddhist immigrants has dipped somewhat, going from an estimated 7% of legal immigrants in 1992 (near the end of a wave of refugees from Southeast Asia that began during the Vietnam War) to about 4% annually a decade ago and about 6% in 2012. Over the past two decades, the U.S. has admitted an estimated total of about 1 million Buddhist immigrants – approximately the same as the number of Hindus.

The estimated share of immigrants of all other religious groups – including Jews, Sikhs and adherents of Chinese folk religions – has remained relatively stable over the past 20 years, at roughly 3% of new permanent residents. Since 1992, the U.S. has admitted an estimated 600,000 immigrants who belong to these groups.

This report focuses mainly on legal immigrants, or legal permanent residents, admitted to the United States between 1992 and 2012. About half of LPRs are granted permanent residency status while already living in the U.S., typically on temporary visas. The other half receive permission for permanent residency before entering the U.S. from a foreign country. Under immigration laws originally enacted in 1965 and subsequently amended several times, permanent visas are allocated to four main groups of immigrants: family members of U.S. citizens and residents (in recent years, about 65% of LPRs), people in the U.S. on temporary employment visas (about 15% of LPRs), refugees and asylum seekers (about 15% of LPRs) and winners of diversity lotteries from countries with low rates of immigration to the U.S. (about 5% of LPRs). Although international students and some workers also can reside legally in the U.S., they are generally considered temporary migrants and are not included in the figures for legal immigrants in this report.

Comparisons With Unauthorized Immigrants

The United States has a total of about 43 million foreign-born residents. Roughly three-quarters of them are legal immigrants, and a quarter are in the country without legal permission. The religious makeup of the legal permanent residents is quite different from that of the unauthorized immigrants.6

Of the approximately 11.1 million unauthorized immigrants living in the U.S. in 2011, an estimated 9.2 million (83%) are Christians, mostly from Latin America. Many of the remaining 17% are religiously unaffiliated, and fewer than one-in-ten unauthorized immigrants are estimated to belong to non-Christian religious groups.7 Due to insufficient data on religious affiliation within this hard-to-measure population, this report is unable to estimate the number of unauthorized immigrants who belong to specific non-Christian groups.

The remainder of this report provides more detail on the estimated size and geographic origins of the major religious groups among legal permanent residents in the U.S.

Christian Immigrants

Over the past two decades, an estimated average of about 600,000 Christian immigrants became permanent U.S. residents each year. Annual levels of legal Christian immigration appear to have been lower in the late 1990s (around 430,000 per year), while the recent peak (more than 800,000) was in 2006. The number of legal Christian immigrants per year has declined somewhat since 2006, and is estimated at 620,000 for 2012.

From 1992 to 2012, an estimated 12.7 million Christians received green cards. By comparison, the total Christian population in the U.S. was about 247 million in 2010.

Over the past 20 years, roughly six-in-ten legal Christian immigrants have come from Latin America and the Caribbean (an average of about 370,000 each year). At the same time, more Christian immigrants have been coming from sub-Saharan Africa. In 2012, an estimated 11% of Christian immigrants came from sub-Saharan Africa, compared with just 3% in 1992. Meanwhile, the percentage of Christian immigrants from Europe has been declining. In 2012, about 9% of new Christian immigrants were from Europe, down from an estimated 15% in 1992.

Religiously Unaffiliated Immigrants

The number of religiously unaffiliated immigrants (which includes atheists, agnostics and people who do not identify with any particular religion) has been fairly stable over the past two decades. In 1992, an estimated 130,000 new permanent residents had no religious affiliation. The estimate for 2012 is 140,000.

Since 1992, the U.S. has admitted nearly 2.8 million religiously unaffiliated legal permanent residents. By comparison, the U.S. population in 2010 included more than 40 million people with no religious affiliation.8

The geographic origins of unaffiliated immigrants also have not changed much during the past 20 years. More than half come from countries in the Asia-Pacific region, including China and Vietnam. About a quarter come from nations in the Americas, such as Mexico and Canada. Another significant share of unaffiliated immigrants were born in Europe, although that percentage has decreased since 1992.

Muslim Immigrants

The estimated number of new Muslim immigrants varies from year to year but generally has been on the rise, going from roughly 50,000 in 1992 to 100,000 in 2012. Since 2008, the estimated number of Muslims becoming U.S. permanent residents has remained at or above the 100,000 level each year.

Between 1992 and 2012, a total of about 1.7 million Muslims entered the U.S. as legal permanent residents. That constitutes a large portion of the overall U.S. Muslim population (estimated at 2.75 million as of 2011).

In the early 1990s, the great majority of Muslim green card recipients came from Asia and the Pacific or the Middle East-North Africa region. The most common countries of origin among Muslim immigrants in 1992 included Pakistan, Iran and Bangladesh. Those countries, as well as Iraq, also were among the most likely birthplaces of Muslim immigrants to the U.S. in 2012.

In recent years, a higher percentage of Muslim immigrants have been coming from sub-Saharan Africa. An estimated 16% of Muslim immigrants to the U.S. in 2012 were born in countries such as Somalia and Ethiopia. In 1992, only about 5% of new Muslim immigrants came from sub-Saharan Africa.

Hindu Immigrants

The number of Hindus becoming permanent residents in the U.S. has increased in recent years. An average of about 30,000 Hindus were admitted each year in the 1990s; by contrast, the U.S. admitted an estimated 70,000 Hindu immigrants in 2012.

During the past 20 years, nearly 1 million Hindu immigrants have entered the U.S. as permanent residents, substantially increasing the total American Hindu population, estimated at about 1.8 million as of 2010.

The great majority of Hindu immigrants come from India and neighboring countries with significant Hindu populations, such as Nepal and Bhutan. The share coming from the Caribbean (or “West Indies”) has decreased significantly, dropping from an estimated 16% of all Hindu immigrants to the U.S. in 1992 to 5% in 2012.

Buddhist Immigrants

The number of Buddhists receiving permanent residency in the U.S. decreased sharply during the 1990s, following a wave of refugees that began during the Vietnam War. In recent years, the estimated number of Buddhist immigrants has rebounded somewhat, but it still was not as high in 2012 (60,000) as in 1992 (70,000).

Between 1992 and 2012, slightly more than 1 million Buddhists received green cards. Overall, there were an estimated 3.6 million Buddhists in the U.S. as of 2010.

Nearly all Buddhist immigrants come from Asia. In 1992, the most common countries of origin for Buddhist immigrants to the U.S. included Vietnam, Laos, Taiwan and China. In 2012, Myanmar (formerly Burma) also was a major source of Buddhist immigrants.

Immigrants of Other Religions

An estimated average of 30,000 immigrants belonging to other religions have become legal permanent residents of the U.S. each year since 1992. They include Sikhs and Jains from India, followers of folk religions from China and Hong Kong, followers of African traditional religions from sub-Saharan Africa and Jews from the former Soviet Union, among others.

From 1992 to 2012, an estimated 600,000 legal immigrants belonging to other religions entered the U.S. By comparison, the total population in the U.S. belonging to other faiths was about 8.2 million in 2010.

Nearly half of legal immigrants belonging to other religions are from the Asia-Pacific region. Europe and the Middle East-North Africa region are the other two major areas of origin for these immigrants, many of whom are Jews from Eastern Europe and Israel.

Methodology

Numerous data sources were used in compiling the estimates included in this report. Data were collected first on the geographic origins of immigrants. Later, religious distributions were applied to the flows of immigrants from each origin country.

Origin data

Tables showing the countries of birth of new legal permanent residents were downloaded from the Department of Homeland Security’s website (http://www.dhs.gov/immigration-statistics).

In these tables, data points for a few countries (cells) either were missing or could not be broken down by religious affiliation, typically because they are either newly recognized countries (such as South Sudan and Kosovo) or countries that have dissolved and been superseded by other entities (such as the former Soviet Union and Czechoslovakia). Undisclosed cells for origin countries with small populations were assumed to be zero.

Data on the origins of unauthorized immigrants living in the U.S. in 2011 (or total stock) were prepared by Jeffrey Passel of the Pew Hispanic Center. Methods used to calculate these estimates can be found at http://www.pewhispanic.org/2011/02/01/appendix-b-methodology/.

Religion data

Religion information for U.S. immigrants was drawn primarily from the New Immigrant Survey (NIS).9 The NIS interviewed new legal immigrants who entered the U.S. or adjusted their status to permanent residency in 2003. The survey had a 69% response rate and included more than 8,500 respondents. Interviews were conducted in each immigrant’s preferred language; about a quarter were in Spanish. Interviewers asked each respondent about his or her religious affiliation.

Almost all of the religion estimates (about 95% of the total immigrant population) for both legal and unauthorized immigrants in the U.S. included in this report rely on the New Immigrant Survey for religious breakdowns by country of birth. However, the religious breakdowns for a few countries with small numbers of immigrants in the U.S. (about 5% of the total immigrant population) were drawn from the 2012 Pew Research Center report “The Global Religious Landscape.” For this latter group, the religious breakdown of immigrants in the U.S. is assumed to be the same as the general population in their country of origin in 2010.10

Immigrant religion estimates

Religious distributions were applied to the origins of immigrants (both legal and unauthorized) regardless of which year they came to the U.S. Consequently, it is assumed that the religious distributions for the origins of immigrants were the same for all years between 1992 and 2012. The religious breakdown of immigrants from a particular country may fluctuate over a 20-year period, but it is expected that these shifts would be small and gradual and would not result in major changes to overall estimates. To allow for slight changes over time, the population counts in this report are rounded to the nearest 10,000, while percentages are rounded to whole numbers. All numbers for religious groups in this report are estimates.

Robustness of estimates

As a check on the robustness of the estimates in this study, Pew Research Center demographers examined various other survey data as well as estimates of the growth of minority religious groups in the United States, particularly Muslims and Hindus. These additional sources of information also indicate that Muslims and Hindus have made up a rising share of legal immigrants, consistent with the estimates presented here.

For example, the Pew Research Center’s 2011 survey of U.S. Muslim adults found that 63% were born abroad. The largest single country of origin was Pakistan (9%), followed by a number of other countries, including Iran, Bangladesh, Yemen, Jordan and Iraq. U.S. government statistics show that the number of legal immigrants from these countries has either held steady or grown substantially in recent years. For example, nearly 15,000 new immigrants came from Pakistan in 2012, compared with about 10,000 in 1992. More than 20,000 Iraqis received permanent residency status in the U.S. in 2012, compared with about 4,000 in 1992. And nearly 15,000 new green card recipients in 2012 were from Bangladesh, compared with fewer than 4,000 in 1992.

Data from the Pew Research Center’s 2011 survey of Muslim Americans also show that a rising share of Muslims have arrived in more recent years. Among the foreign-born Muslim adults surveyed, 12% came before 1980, 16% came during the 1980s, 31% came during the 1990s, and 40% came since 2000.

Number of New Permanent Residents from Selected Countries, 1992 vs. 2012 Country 1992 2012 Bangladesh 3,740 14,705 Iran 13,233 12,916 Iraq 4,111 20,369 Jordan 4,036 4,099 Pakistan 10,214 14,740 Yemen 2,056 2,620 Total 37,390 69,449 Source: Office of Immigration Statistics, Department of Homeland Security

Among Hindus, the Pew Research Center’s 2012 survey of Asian Americans found that the overwhelming majority of Hindu adults in the U.S. were born abroad (96%), and that most come from India (87%). U.S. government statistics show rising rates of immigration from India over the past two decades. In 1992, about 40,000 people born in India became legal permanent residents. In 2012, the figure was nearly 70,000.

Data from the 2012 Asian American survey also indicate that a rising share of Hindus have arrived in more recent years. Among foreign-born Hindu adults surveyed, about 9% came before 1980, 18% came during the 1980s, 27% came during the 1990s, and 44% came since 2000.

Footnotes:

1 The change among religious minorities as a whole (up 6 percentage points) does not equal the sum of the changes among individual groups (Muslims up 5 points, Hindus up 4 points, Buddhists down 1 point, other groups stable) because of rounding to whole numbers. (return to text)

2 For more information on the share of Christians in the population of the United States and other countries, see the Pew Research Center’s 2011 study “Global Christianity: A Report on the Size and Distribution of the World’s Christian Population.” (return to text)

3 For more information on the New Immigrant Survey, see http://nis.princeton.edu/. The survey was designed and conducted by scholars at several academic institutions (not by the Pew Research Center) and was supported in part by a grant from The Pew Charitable Trusts. (return to text)

4 For a description of trends in legal immigration from 1900 to 2012, see http://www.dhs.gov/sites/default/files/publications/ois_lpr_fr_2012_2.pdf. (return to text)

5 Percentages are calculated from unrounded numbers and may not add to 100 due to rounding. (return to text)

6 Data on the annual number of unauthorized immigrants entering the U.S. are very limited. Consequently, it is not possible to estimate how the religious composition of the unauthorized immigrant population may have changed in recent decades. The figures on unauthorized immigrants in this report are for the entire population of unauthorized immigrants living in the U.S. as of 2011 (stocks), not the number entering the country in any particular year (flows). (return to text)

7 For more information on estimates of the unauthorized immigrant population, see the Pew Research Center report “Unauthorized Immigrants: 11.1 Million in 2011.” (return to text)

8 For more information on the number of Americans who are religiously unaffiliated, see the Pew Research Center’s 2012 report “Nones on the Rise: One-in-Five Adults Have No Religious Affiliation.” (return to text)

9 For more information on the New Immigrant Survey, see http://nis.princeton.edu/. (return to text)

10 For more information on the religious composition of countries around the world, see the Pew Research Center’s 2012 study “The Global Religious Landscape: A Report on the Size and Distribution of the World’s Major Religious Groups as of 2010.” (return to text)

Photo Credit: © Getty Images                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0236144-5ab2398c2b47feab2f4cc8cbf2e31a30.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003433 00000000000 015373  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Looking for news you can trust?

Subscribe to our free newsletters.





Measles is making a comeback: The extremely contagious and potentially deadly disease was eliminated in the United States in 2000, thanks to a highly effective vaccine and laws requiring kids to be vaccinated before starting school. But in recent years, it has become easier for parents to opt out—and vaccination rates are slipping. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported a major spike in cases in 2014, and 2015 might be even worse—in just over a month, there have been 102 cases (and counting) reported across 14 states, mostly connected to December’s Disneyland outbreak.

As we reported yesterday, Anne Schuchat, an assistant surgeon general and the director of the CDC’s National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases, stressed that measles could get “a foothold in the United States and [become] endemic again” if people don’t get vaccinated.

Overall, national vaccination rates seem high: The median rate of coverage for the measles, mumps, and rubella (MMR) vaccine, administered to most before entry into kindergarten, was 94.7 percent for the 2013-14 school year. But, as Schuchat points out, the rate is lower in communities where unvaccinated families tend to cluster. In some areas, low rates might have more to do with access to clinics than with beliefs about vaccinations.

“The national estimates hide what’s going on state to state. The state estimates hide what’s going on community to community. And within communities there may be pockets,” Schuchat said. “It’s one thing if you have a year where a number of people are not vaccinating, but year after year in terms of the kids that are exempting, you do start to accumulate.”

Note: This second map has been revised.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0236042-92c9b901badd106b2ba95af01237ac39.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000022410 00000000000 015140  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Most of us have more things expected of us than we can possibly do. As breadwinners, as parents, as Church workers and members, we face many choices on what we will do with our time and other resources.

I. We should begin by recognizing the reality that just because something is good is not a sufficient reason for doing it. The number of good things we can do far exceeds the time available to accomplish them. Some things are better than good, and these are the things that should command priority attention in our lives. Jesus taught this principle in the home of Martha. While she was “cumbered about much serving” (Luke 10:40), her sister, Mary, “sat at Jesus’ feet, and heard his word” (v. 39). When Martha complained that her sister had left her to serve alone, Jesus commended Martha for what she was doing (v. 41) but taught her that “one thing is needful: and Mary hath chosen that good part, which shall not be taken away from her” (v. 42). It was praiseworthy for Martha to be “careful and troubled about many things” (v. 41), but learning the gospel from the Master Teacher was more “needful.” The scriptures contain other teachings that some things are more blessed than others (see Acts 20:35; Alma 32:14–15). A childhood experience introduced me to the idea that some choices are good but others are better. I lived for two years on a farm. We rarely went to town. Our Christmas shopping was done in the Sears, Roebuck catalog. I spent hours poring over its pages. For the rural families of that day, catalog pages were like the shopping mall or the Internet of our time. Something about some displays of merchandise in the catalog fixed itself in my mind. There were three degrees of quality: good, better, and best. For example, some men’s shoes were labeled good ($1.84), some better ($2.98), and some best ($3.45).1 As we consider various choices, we should remember that it is not enough that something is good. Other choices are better, and still others are best. Even though a particular choice is more costly, its far greater value may make it the best choice of all. Consider how we use our time in the choices we make in viewing television, playing video games, surfing the Internet, or reading books or magazines. Of course it is good to view wholesome entertainment or to obtain interesting information. But not everything of that sort is worth the portion of our life we give to obtain it. Some things are better, and others are best. When the Lord told us to seek learning, He said, “Seek ye out of the best books words of wisdom” (D&C 88:118; emphasis added).

II. Some of our most important choices concern family activities. Many breadwinners worry that their occupations leave too little time for their families. There is no easy formula for that contest of priorities. However, I have never known of a man who looked back on his working life and said, “I just didn’t spend enough time with my job.” In choosing how we spend time as a family, we should be careful not to exhaust our available time on things that are merely good and leave little time for that which is better or best. A friend took his young family on a series of summer vacation trips, including visits to memorable historic sites. At the end of the summer he asked his teenage son which of these good summer activities he enjoyed most. The father learned from the reply, and so did those he told of it. “The thing I liked best this summer,” the boy replied, “was the night you and I laid on the lawn and looked at the stars and talked.” Super family activities may be good for children, but they are not always better than one-on-one time with a loving parent. The amount of children-and-parent time absorbed in the good activities of private lessons, team sports, and other school and club activities also needs to be carefully regulated. Otherwise, children will be overscheduled, and parents will be frazzled and frustrated. Parents should act to preserve time for family prayer, family scripture study, family home evening, and the other precious togetherness and individual one-on-one time that binds a family together and fixes children’s values on things of eternal worth. Parents should teach gospel priorities through what they do with their children. Family experts have warned against what they call “the overscheduling of children.” In the last generation children are far busier and families spend far less time together. Among many measures of this disturbing trend are the reports that structured sports time has doubled, but children’s free time has declined by 12 hours per week, and unstructured outdoor activities have fallen by 50 percent.2 The number of those who report that their “whole family usually eats dinner together” has declined 33 percent. This is most concerning because the time a family spends together “eating meals at home [is] the strongest predictor of children’s academic achievement and psychological adjustment.”3 Family mealtimes have also been shown to be a strong bulwark against children’s smoking, drinking, or using drugs.4 There is inspired wisdom in this advice to parents: what your children really want for dinner is you. President Gordon B. Hinckley has pleaded that we “work at our responsibility as parents as if everything in life counted on it, because in fact everything in life does count on it.” He continued: “I ask you men, particularly, to pause and take stock of yourselves as husbands and fathers and heads of households. Pray for guidance, for help, for direction, and then follow the whisperings of the Spirit to guide you in the most serious of all responsibilities, for the consequences of your leadership in your home will be eternal and everlasting.”5 The First Presidency has called on parents “to devote their best efforts to the teaching and rearing of their children in gospel principles. … The home is the basis of a righteous life, and no other instrumentality can take its place … in … this God-given responsibility.” The First Presidency has declared that “however worthy and appropriate other demands or activities may be, they must not be permitted to displace the divinely-appointed duties that only parents and families can adequately perform.”6

III. Church leaders should be aware that Church meetings and activities can become too complex and burdensome if a ward or a stake tries to have the membership do everything that is good and possible in our numerous Church programs. Priorities are needed there also. Members of the Quorum of the Twelve have stressed the importance of exercising inspired judgment in Church programs and activities. Elder L. Tom Perry taught this principle in our first worldwide leadership training meeting in 2003. Counseling the same leaders in 2004, Elder Richard G. Scott said: “Adjust your activities to be consistent with your local conditions and resources. … Make sure that the essential needs are met, but do not go overboard in creating so many good things to do that the essential ones are not accomplished. … Remember, don’t magnify the work to be done—simplify it.”7 In general conference last year, Elder M. Russell Ballard warned against the deterioration of family relationships that can result when we spend excess time on ineffective activities that yield little spiritual sustenance. He cautioned against complicating our Church service “with needless frills and embellishments that occupy too much time, cost too much money, and sap too much energy. … The instruction to magnify our callings is not a command to embellish and complicate them. To innovate does not necessarily mean to expand; very often it means to simplify. … What is most important in our Church responsibilities,” he said, “is not the statistics that are reported or the meetings that are held but whether or not individual people—ministered to one at a time just as the Savior did—have been lifted and encouraged and ultimately changed.”8 Stake presidencies and bishoprics need to exercise their authority to weed out the excessive and ineffective busyness that is sometimes required of the members of their stakes or wards. Church programs should focus on what is best (most effective) in achieving their assigned purposes without unduly infringing on the time families need for their “divinely appointed duties.” But here is a caution for families. Suppose Church leaders reduce the time required by Church meetings and activities in order to increase the time available for families to be together. This will not achieve its intended purpose unless individual family members—especially parents—vigorously act to increase family togetherness and one-on-one time. Team sports and technology toys like video games and the Internet are already winning away the time of our children and youth. Surfing the Internet is not better than serving the Lord or strengthening the family. Some young men and women are skipping Church youth activities or cutting family time in order to participate in soccer leagues or to pursue various entertainments. Some young people are amusing themselves to death—spiritual death. Some uses of individual and family time are better, and others are best. We have to forego some good things in order to choose others that are better or best because they develop faith in the Lord Jesus Christ and strengthen our families.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0236068-7b6ea43f2f6d5d825931a797b18645b6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013701 00000000000 015000  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        $\begingroup$

Hmm, if we look at $g(x) = f(f(x)) = x^2-2$ and find the fixpoints $t_0=-1,t_1=2$ then we might assume a solution $h(x)$ for $g(x) = h(x-2)+2 $ and then from this we search for the half-iterate of $h(x)$ defining $h(x-2)+2 = w(w(x-2))+2$ and shall have a solution of the problem by $f(x)=w(x+2)-2$, hopefully having nonzero range of convergence at least in the vicinity of the fixpoint $t_1$.

With this ansatz we find that $$h(x) = g(x+2)-2 = (x+2)^2-4 = 4x+1x^2$$ could be a replacement for $g(x)$ and from this we get the leading terms for the power series of its half-iterate $$w(x) = 2 x + 1/6 x^2 - 1/90 x^3 + 1/720 x^4 - 7/32400 x^5 \\ + 161/4276800 x^6 - 391/55598400 x^7 + O(x^8) $$ by standard algebraic manipulations. (To check this insert $w(x)$ for $x$ in that leading terms)

Thus $f(x)$ can be written as a power series around (fixpoint) $2$: $$f(x) = 2+ 2 (x-2) + 1/6 (x-2)^2 - 1/90 (x-2)^3 + 1/720 (x-2)^4 - 7/32400 (x-2)^5 \\ + 161/4276800 (x-2)^6 - 391/55598400 (x-2)^7 + O(x^8) $$ (The link gives a confirmation using WolframAlpha and a $\cosh()$ /$\text{arccosh}()$-formula, see my other answer)

By the first $64$ terms it looks as if $w(x)$ has a positive range of convergence; and computing a couple of examples gives $$ \begin{array} {c|c|c|c} x &g(x)=h(1-t_1)+t_1 & f(x) = w(x-t_1)+t_1 & f(f(x))=w(w(x-t_1))+t_1\\ \hline\\ 1 & -1 & 0.17942912356439677341 & -1.0 \\ 1.5 & 0.25 & 1.0431497617870845281 & 0.25 \\ 2.5 & 4.25 & 3.0403583699367069623& 4.25 \\ \end{array}$$ while the results for $f(x)$ are only (but well) approximated because I've only the truncation to say 32 or 64 terms so far and not yet an analytical description for the coefficients which only would allow an exact result.

For the time being here is a plot taken on base of the power series for $f(x)$ truncated to 32 terms. I plotted $y=x,y=f(x),y=f(f(x))=g(x),y=g(f(x))$ to show more pattern. Unfortunately I don't know the Pari/GP-plot facility well enough to make the picture selfexplanatory. But I think one recognizes the $y=x$ straight line and the $y=g(x)$ parabola (red). The $y=f(x)$ curve (green) is that in between and the $y=g(f(x))$ (green) is that beyond the parabola:

This is additional information according to the request in the comment of @dfeuer

More Explanations

1) Generalities (Remark: $f(x)$ is meant here in general, not yet your sought function)

There is consent (see for instance L. Comtet, "Advanced Combinatorics", pg 144-148) that for power series without constant term there is a meaningful fractional iterate using the Bell-polynomials based on the formal power series for the function. One can express this more elegantly and concise in terms of Bell/Carleman matrixes (see wikipeda but for convenience I use the Carleman matrix here in transposed form) , which have a form such that for a function $f(x)$ we have $$ V(x) \cdot B = V(f(x)) \\ V(x) \cdot B^2 = V(f(f(x))) \\ \cdots\\ V(x) \cdot B^n = V(f^{[n]}(x)) \\ $$ where the notation $V(x)=[1,x,x^2,x^3,...]$ and thus $V(f(x))=[1,f(x),f(x)^2,f(x)^3,...]$ means infinite vectors of an indeterminate argument $x$.

This notation allows to isolate the required coefficients of the power series of $f(x)$ into the (infinite, lower triangular) matrix $B$ . Then for the operation of composition and self-composition (aka iteration) via the Bell-polynomials it suffices to denote powers of the matrix $B$ - because they implicitely define that required Bell-polynomial driven operations on the formal powerseries .

If the power series for $f(x) = \sum_{k=1}^\infty b_k\cdot x^k$ has no constant term, then the associated Bell-/Carleman-matrix is lower triangular, and powers of it can be computed also on the finitely truncated versions - giving exact coefficients which are valid also for the untruncated/infinite-size case.

Moreover this is also possible for fractional powers, and in particular for the square-root, which provides then the solution that you are searching.

2) How this concerns your problem (here $f(x)$ means your function)

The procedure is now to find an equivalent power series (or polynomial) for your function (let's call it $g(x)=f(f(x))$) which has no constant term - by shifting the $x$ and $y$-coordinate, such that $g(x) = x^2-2 $ which has a constant term, is rewritten as $h(x) = 4x + x^2$ which has no constant term and then we have modeled for any number of iterations $$g(x) = h(x-2) + 2 \\ g(g(x)) = h(h(x-2))+2 \\ \cdots$$.

Then for the function $h(x)$ we build the (lower triangular) Carleman-matrix $H$ which begins as $$ H= \small \begin{bmatrix} 1 & . & . & . & . & . \\ 0 & 4 & . & . & . & . \\ 0 & 1 & 16 & . & . & . \\ 0 & 0 & 8 & 64 & . & . \\ 0 & 0 & 1 & 48 & 256 & . \\ 0 & 0 & 0 & 12 & 256 & 1024 \end{bmatrix} \qquad \text{ matrix H is of infinite size} $$ and obviously the dot product with a $V(x)$-vector evaluates then to a $V(h(x))$-vector: $$ V(x) \cdot H = V(h(x))$$

Then the squareroot (let's call it $W$) of $H$ such that $W^2 = H$ can be determined by solution of an infinite equation system or by diagonalization.

One solution is again lower triangular and instead of a polynomially function like $h(x)$ it provides the coefficients of a power series. It begins like $$ W = \small \begin{bmatrix} 1 & . & . & . & . & . \\ 0 & 2 & . & . & . & . \\ 0 & 1/6 & 4 & . & . & . \\ 0 & -1/90 & 2/3 & 8 & . & . \\ 0 & 1/720 & -1/60 & 2 & 16 & . \\ 0 & -7/32400 & 1/540 & 1/30 & 16/3 & 32 \end{bmatrix} \qquad \text{ matrix W is of infinite size}$$ (You can check it by hand when you compute the square of W)

The second column gives the coefficients for the power series of $w(x)$ with the property $w(w(x-2))+2 = g(x)$ and thus gives an acceptable solution $f(x)=w(x-2)+2$.

Additional remark: Often with fractional iterates the occuring power series have very small or zero range of convergence - then additional measures must be introduced to make the solution usable and meaningful, but the powerseries for $w(x)$ here seems to have a convergence-radius of about $4$ and can be used for a not-too-small range of $x$ -values.                                                               0236066-427dda695838f056cc6e09261ef78485.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006053 00000000000 014731  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A Florida woman who police describe as a cult leader is accused of murdering multiple children over several decades.A year's worth of digging revealed Anna Elizabeth Young is responsible for the torturous abuse and deaths of multiple children. "I think the extent of how long this took place, going clear back into the 60's, is the most shocking thing here," said Art Forgey with the Alachua County sheriff's office.Young was indicted by a grand jury this week for the unlawful death of Emon Harper, also known as Moses, who deputies say Young was related to.Young was arrested in Georgia Thursday night. It's unclear when she will be extradited to Florida.Deputies say they have reason to believe Young's been hiding an even darker past."It's not just one isolated incident of beatings," Forgey said. "There were numerous children that were beaten, locked in solitary confinement, food withheld."The matriarch of a cult-like boarding school, Young was charged with felony child abuse in 1992. She fled from Florida, but was captured eight years later. In 2001, she was sentenced to six months and 12 days in jail for bathing a 12-year-old girl in a steel tub with chemicals, causing severe burns.Several people came forward within the last year, accusing Young of torturing, punishing, caging, and starving children at the House of Prayer, which authorities are calling the House of Horrors. "The arrest is no means going to close this case, because there is so much more and so many more potential victims and witnesses," Forgey said.

A Florida woman who police describe as a cult leader is accused of murdering multiple children over several decades.

A year's worth of digging revealed Anna Elizabeth Young is responsible for the torturous abuse and deaths of multiple children.

Advertisement

"I think the extent of how long this took place, going clear back into the 60's, is the most shocking thing here," said Art Forgey with the Alachua County sheriff's office.

Young was indicted by a grand jury this week for the unlawful death of Emon Harper, also known as Moses, who deputies say Young was related to.

Young was arrested in Georgia Thursday night. It's unclear when she will be extradited to Florida.

Deputies say they have reason to believe Young's been hiding an even darker past.

"It's not just one isolated incident of beatings," Forgey said. "There were numerous children that were beaten, locked in solitary confinement, food withheld."

The matriarch of a cult-like boarding school, Young was charged with felony child abuse in 1992. She fled from Florida, but was captured eight years later.

In 2001, she was sentenced to six months and 12 days in jail for bathing a 12-year-old girl in a steel tub with chemicals, causing severe burns.

Several people came forward within the last year, accusing Young of torturing, punishing, caging, and starving children at the House of Prayer, which authorities are calling the House of Horrors.

"The arrest is no means going to close this case, because there is so much more and so many more potential victims and witnesses," Forgey said.

AlertMe                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0236150-31d1f5c58dceab9558ee252c4f33d854.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002220 00000000000 015170  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        An off-duty police officer in New York reportedly shot his young son by accident on Tuesday night while unloading his gun at home.

The New York Post reported on Wednesday that Jon Gigantiello, an officer with the Metropolitan Transit Authority, was at their home in Smithtown, N.Y. and unloading the gun when it suddenly fired, wounding his own hand and hitting his 3-year-old son.

The toddler was admitted to St. Catherine of Siena Medical Center before being moved to Stony Brook University Hospital for surgery. According to Newsday, police revealed that the boy suffered “grazing bullet wounds to his belly and arm” but was expected to survive.

Gigantiello, an 11-year veteran of the force who works in its K-9 unit, was also treated at Stony Brook University Hospital for his injuries. According to an MTA spokesman, Gigantiello is currently on sick leave.

“We are aware of the shooting incident involving the off-duty MTA Police Officer, which is being investigated by the Suffolk County Police Department,” said MTA spokesman Salvatore Arena. “The MTA PD Internal Affairs Bureau will investigate once the Suffolk PD completes its investigation.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0236013-67c96b3dbf3e39211ab396c58825996e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005751 00000000000 015002  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        12th May, 2014 by Amy Hopkins

Buffalo Trace has claimed that its Bourbon shortages “still remain” and there is “no way to predict” when supply will catch up with booming demand.

The distiller issued a statement last week updating the industry and consumers on its Bourbon inventory shortages.

After first admitting to a shortage of stocks last year, Buffalo Trace has undertaken various initiatives to increase supply, but the distiller claims that the entire Bourbon industry is now “feeling the full effects” of an inability to meet demand.

Numerous distillers have since admitted to a shortage of stocks in recent months as the popularity of Bourbon soars globally.

While Mark Brown, CEO of Sazerac, Buffalo Trace’s parent company, said that a continuing high demand for Bourbon meant that the distillery was still around “100,000 barrels short of where it needed to be”, Maker’s Mark controversially said it would lower its abv to stretch supplies – a decision swiftly reversed.

Harlen Wheatley, master distiller at Buffalo Trace, said in the recent statement: “We’re making more Bourbon every day. In fact, we’re distilling more than we have in last 40 years. Still, it’s hard to keep up.”

“Although we have more Bourbon than last year when we first announced the rolling blackouts, we’re still short and there is no way to predict when supply will catch up with demand.”

Fans urged to be patient

In order to help push production, Buffalo Trace has added more bottle lines and hired more staff, including a full-time barrel allocation manager to balance stock inventories with sales volumes.

“We taste, approve and bottle what barrels we have available each month,” said Kris Comstock, Bourbon marketing director at Buffalo Trace.

“There are shortages, because Buffalo Trace, Eagle Rare, and Blanton’s sell out quickly, but no shortage should last more than one month before reinforcements arrive.”

“We’re asking for continued patience from our fans. The recent surge in demand is quite flattering, but we just need to keep in mind these Bourbons were put into the barrel many years ago.”

Comstock added that other highly allocated whiskeys such as Pappy Van Winkle and the Antique Collection will continue to be released annually every fall.

Angel’s share

The company also said since many of its barrels are aged for eight to 20 years, a significant portion of its liquid is lost due to evaporation.

“The increase in sales, coupled with the aging process and evaporation loss, leads to a shortage with no end in sight,” its statement concluded.

A widespread shortage of American oak has added further problems for Bourbon distillers to negotiate.

A shortfall in the amount of lumber delivered to cooperages over the past six months has heavily impacted the number of new American oak barrels available to distilleries.

The Spirits Business recently reported that Bourbon distillers predict the shortage will be “short lived”, but is expected to last two years.                       0236033-f1ffb9dd201562d3cc8be33449bec107.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000021507 00000000000 015243  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Now that the 2016 NFL Draft is in the books, teams are scrambling to sign the best undrafted rookie free agents. Here is a list of players who have signed or agreed to terms with teams.

Editor's note: This page will be updated as transactions officially occur, or are reported by news outlets.

Arizona Cardinals

WR Jeff Beathard, CB Eli Bouka, LS Kameron Canaday, WR Amir Carlisle, QB Jake Coker, OT Clay DeBord, LS Daniel Dillon, S Matthias Farley, DB Trevon Hartfield, WR Chris Hubert, WR Chris King, LB Lamar Louis, T Givens Price, P Garrett Swanson, TE Hakeem Valles, CB Ronald Zamort





Atlanta Falcons

DE Josh Dawson, DT Gerald Dixon Jr., OL Cody Elenz, OL Alex Fifita, LB Torrey Green, DT Cory Johnson, WR Daje Johnson, CB Devonte Johnson, WR Malachi Jones, DT Chris Mayes, WR J.D. McKissic, LB Ivan McLennan, CB David Mims II, CB Sharrod Neasman, TE Joshua Perkins, DB Brian Poole, FB Will Ratelle, OL Jake Reed, WR David Richards, K Nick Rose, CB Jordan Sefon, RB Brandon Wilds, OL Shabaz Ahmed, WR David Glidden, DE Brandon Williams





Baltimore Ravens

G Jarrell Broxton, DT Trevon Coley, OL Anthony Fabiano, LB Cavellis Luckett, K Wil Lutz, OT Stephane Nembot, DL Victor Ochi, LB Maro Ojemudia, LB Patrick Onwuasor, DT Michael Pierce, C Matt Skura





Buffalo Bills

DE Bryson Albright, WR Davonte' Allen, WR Gary Chambers, LS Reid Ferguson, FB Glenn Gronkowski, C Robert Kugler, OL Jamison Lalk, G Marquis Lucas, OL Keith Lumpkin, DE Claudell Louis, K Marshall Morgan, LB Eric Striker, CB Julian Whigham, DT Justin Zimmer





Carolina Panthers

FB Andrew Bonnet, S Jeremy Cash, WR Keyarris Garrett, RB Devon Johnson, TE Jake McGee, LB Jared Norris, WR Jenson Stoshak





Chicago Bears

OL Dan Buchholz, TE Ben Braunecker, DB Taveze Calhoun, LB Don Cherry, WR Derek Keaton, OL John Kling, DE Roy Robertson-Harris, TE Joe Sommers





Cincinnati Bengals

DE Ryan Brown, RB Tra Carson, OL Alex Cooper, DT David Dean, WR Alex Erickson, WR Antwane Grant, LB Darien Harris, CB Darius Hillary, QB Matt Johnson, RB Dy'Shawn Mobley, C Alex Redmond, WR Alonzo Russell, OL John Weidenaar





Cleveland Browns

LB Dominique Alexander, K Andrew Baggett, CB Kenya Dennis, TE J.P. Holtz, CB Tracy Howard, RB Paul James, RB, RutgersDT Nile Lawrence-Stample, DT Kyle Rose, FB Patrick Skov, LS Kirk Willis





Dallas Cowboys

DE Caleb Azubike, C Jake Brendel, WR Chris Brown, DT Rodney Coe, CB Arjen Colquhoun, WR/KR Ed Eagan, OT David Hedelin, WR Andy Jones, LB Deon King, OT Ryan Mack, CB Jeremiah McKinnon, DT Jason Neill, OG Boston Stiverson





Denver Broncos

WR Bralon Addison, DE Vontarrius Dora, WR Mose Frazier, S Antonio Glover, OT Lars Hanson, DL Calvin Heurtelou, TE Henry Krieger-Coble, DE Shaneil Jenkins, LB Kyle Kragen, DT David Moala, OT Justin Murray, G Aaron Neary, LB Dwayne Norman, WR Durron Neal, TE Anthony Norris, NT Kyle Peko, WR Khalif Raymond, LB Frank Shannon, LB Sadat Sulleyman, LS Nathan Theus, CB John Tidwell, DE Eddie Yardbrough





Detroit Lions

CB Adairius Barnes, WR Jace Billingsley, WR Quinshad Davis, OT Chase Farris, TE Adam Fuehne, WR Jay Lee, DL James DeLoach, CB Charles Washington, CB Ian Wells, TE Cole Wick, OL Andrew Zeller, DE Deonte Gibson





Green Bay Packers

WR Geronimo Allison, LB Beniquez Brown, DB Kentrell Brice, QB Joe Callahan, CB Makinton Dorleant, C Jacob Flores, LB Reggie Gilbert, TE David Grinnage, CB Josh Hawkins, RB Don Jackson, T Josh James, CB Randall Jette, DL Tyler Kuder, P Peter Mortell, WR Dennis Parks, LB Manoa Pikula, DT Brian Price, WR Devonte Robinson, WR Herb Waters

Houston Texans

K Ka'imi Fairbairn, WR Tevin Jones, FB Soma Vainuku, WR Richard Mullaney, TE Stephen Anderson, WR Wendall Williams, OT Arturo Uzdavinis, DE Ufomba Kamalu, LB Shakeel Rashad, DE Joel Heath, LB Jalen Jefferson, LB Brennan Scarlett, LB Eric Lee, CB Duke Thomas, CB Cleveland Wallace, CB Richard Leonard





Indianapolis Colts

WR Daniel Anthrop, DE Sterling Bailey, G Isiah Cage, CB Daniel Davie, RB Josh Ferguson, TE Darion Griswold, OT Davante Harris, WR Marcus Leak, LB Curt Maggitt, S Stefan McClure, WR MeKale McKay, TE Mike Miller, CB Christopher Milton, G Adam Redmond, WR Chester Rogers, LB Anthony Sarao, DE Delvon Simmons, WR Tevaun Smith, LB Ronald Thompson, CB Darius White and S Andrew Williamson





Jacksonville Jaguars

QB Max Wittek, K Jaden Oberkrom, TE Braedon Bowman, CB Mike Hilton, OT Pearce Slater, OT Rashod Hill, WR Jamal Robinson, CB Briean Boddy-Calhoun, S Jarrod Wilson





Kansas City Chiefs

WR Mitch Mathews, OL Jake Bernstein, WR Brandon Eakins, RB Chris Hairston, DB Trey Wesley, G Siaosi Aiono, LS Dylan Detwiler





Los Angeles Rams

K Taylor Bertolet, LB Brandon Chubb, DB Morgan Fox, S Maurice Gaines, RB Aaron Green, LB Nicholas Gribsby, DB Michael Jordan, LB Darreon Herring, LB Cory Littleton, S Jordan Lomax, WR Paul McRoberts, OL James Murphy, WR Marquez North, LB/FB Kache Palacio, DB Brian Randolph, CB Winston Rose, DE Ian Seau, WR Nelson Spruce, OT Jordan Swindle





Miami Dolphins

WR Rashawn Scott, LB Tyler Gray, K Marshall Koehn, TE Gabe Hughes, LB Akil Blount, DE Farrington Huguenin, WR Brandon Shippen, LS Ryan DiSalvo, LB James Burgess, C Ruben Carter, CB Lafayette Pitts, DB A.J. Hendy





Minnesota Vikings

DB Keith Baxter, TE Kyle Carter, DE Theiren Cockran, LB Jake Ganus, WR Marken Michel, DE Denzell Perine, RB Jhurell Pressley, RB Brandon Ross, QB Joel Stave





New England Patriots

CB V'Angelo Bentley, WR D.J. Foster, DL C.J. Johnson, TE Steven Scheu, TE Bryce Williams, DT Woodrow Hamilton, CB Jonathan Jones, Cre'Von LeBlanc





New Orleans Saints

OL Ryker Mathews, CB De'Vante Harris, G Landon Turner, WR Jared Dangerfield, CB Ken Crawley, OT Avery Young, C Marcus Henry, LB Dillon Lee, DE Mitchell Loewen, WR Tommylee Lewis, G Joseph Cheek, DL D.J. Pettway, FS Trae Elston, LB Jeff Schoettmer, C Jack Allen, LB Dominique Tovell, WR Jordan Williams, FB Sione Houma, S Mike Caputo





New York Giants

WR Roger Lewis, CB Donte Deayon, DT Greg Milhouse, QB Josh Woodrum, DB Andrew Adams, DE Romeo Okwara, DE Mike Rose, TE Ryan Malleck, CB Michael Hunter, TE Cedrick Lang, WR Darius Powe, DT Melvin Lewis, RB Marshaun Coprich, WR KJ Maye





New York Jets

DB Doug Middleton, WR Jalin Marshall, P Tom Hackett, DT Claude Pelon, WR Quenton Bundrage, QB Jason Vander Laan, OL Kyle Friend, WR Robby Anderson, K Ross Martin, DE Lawrence Thomas, DT Tarow Barney, DE Helva Matungulu, DE Julien Obioha





Oakland Raiders

OL Oni Omoile, OL Denver Kirkland, WR Johnny Holton, WR Max McCaffrey, TE Ryan O' Malley, DE Drew Iddings, DE James Cowser, WR Marvin Hall, DT Darius Latham, WR KJ Brent, OL Terran Vaughn, LB Kyrie Wilson, DB Antonio Hamilton, RB Jalen Richard, LB Perez Ford





Philadelphia Eagles

DE Aziz Shittu, DE Connor Wujcizk, RB Byron Marshall, WR Hunter Sharp, LB Quentin Gause, CB C.J. Smith, DT Destiny Vaeao, RB Cedric O'Neal, LB Myke Tavarres, LS John DePalma, C Bruce Johnson, WR Marcus Johnson, TE Dillon Gordon, G Darrell Greene, WR Cayleb Jones, WR Paul Turner, DT Connor Wujciak





Pittsburgh Steelers

DL Johnny Maxey, LB Tyriq McCord, P Will Monday, DL Giorgio Newberry, RB Christian Powell, TE David Reeves, TE Jay Rome, OL Quinton Schooley, WR Canaan Severin, DL Devaunte Sigler





San Diego Chargers

QB Mike Bercovici, CB Terrell Chestnut, RB Kenneth Farrow, OT Tyler Johnstone, G Sebastian Johansson, WR Jamaal Jones, OLB Chris Landrum, G Mike McQueen, S Adrian McDonald, OLB Tyler Marcordes, DE Ian Seau, C Spencer Pulley, LB Shaq Petteway, OT Zeth Ramsay, WR Deandre Reaves, CB Larry Scott, RB Chris Swain, WR Dominique Williams, CB Trevor Williams, DE Carlos Wray





San Francisco 49ers

DT Darren Lake, S Jered Bell, DT Demetrius Cherry, WR Bryce Treggs, LB Kevin Anderson, DE Lenny Jones, DE Jay Fanaika, K John Lunsford, WR Devon Cajuste, G Alex Balducci, G Blake Muir, T Norman Price





Seattle Seahawks

QB Trevone Boykin, DT Brandin Bryant, CB DeAndre Elliot, TE George Fant, LB Christian French, DL Lars Koht, LB Steve Longa, RB Tre Madden, S Tanner McEvoy, OL Lene Maiava, LB Montese Overton, LB David Perkins, S Tyvis Powell





Tampa Bay Buccaneers

RB Peyton Barber, TE Kivon Cartwright, FB/TE Alan Cross, OT Taylor Fallin, RB Russell Hansbrough, S Traveon Henry, S Isaiah Johnson, WR Anthony Kelly, DE DaVonte Lambert, LB Cassanova McKinzy, LB Luke Rhodes, S Elijah Shumate, WR Dez Stewart, DL Channing Ward, LB Micah Awe, DT Travis Britz, WR Andre Davis, T Kelby Johnson





Tennessee Titans

OL Golden Ukonu, OT Tyler Marz, TE Alex Ellis, OT Nick Richter, K Aldrick Rosas, DB Lamarcus Brutus, DB Morgan Burns, OL Samuel Carlson, DE Mehdi Abdesmad, DL Antwaun Woods, FB Quayvon Hicks, DL Terrell Lathan





Washington Redskins

DE Anthony Lanier, LB Ejiro Ederaine, WR Reggie Diggs, S Tevin Carter, OT Dominick Jackson, TE Michael Cooper, WR Maurice Harris, LS Kelly Mason, RB Rob Kelley, DE Shiro Davis, RB Johnta Herbert, CB Lloyd Carrington, LB Reggie Northrup





See all of the selections for the 2016 NFL Draft here.                                                                                                                                                                                         0236031-5b138cdb49147c13f0f49594b7c2fd63.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013576 00000000000 015045  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        DOJ Admits It's Still Destroying Evidence In NSA Case; Judge Orders Them (Again) To Stop; DOJ Flips Out

from the hey-you-guys dept

In its TRO, the Court ordered the government to refrain from any further destruction of evidence pending final resolution of the parties’ dispute over the government’s evidence preservation obligations: “Accordingly, it is HEREBY ORDERED that Defendants, their officers, agents, servants, employees, and attorneys, and all those in active concert or participation with them are prohibited, enjoined, and restrained from destroying any potential evidence relevant to the claims at issue in this action, including but not limited to prohibiting the destruction of any telephone metadata or ‘call detail’ records, pending further order of the Court.” ECF No. 189 at 2 (emphasis added). In its Amended Minute Order, the Court reiterated that the TRO’s prohibition on any evidence destruction remains in effect until the Court has finally decided the evidence preservation dispute: “The Court extends the temporary restraining order issued on March 10, 2014 until a final order resolving the matter is issued.” ECF No. 206 at 1.



In communications with the government this week, plaintiffs learned to their surprise that the government is continuing to destroy evidence relating to the mass interception of Internet communications it is conducting under section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. This would include evidence relating to its use of “splitters” to conduct bulk interceptions of the content of Internet communications from the Internet “backbone” network of AT&T, as described in multiple FISC opinions and in the evidence of Mark Klein and J. Scott Marcus....

On June 5, 2014, the Court received an emergency filing from Plaintiffs in which they contend that the government may be in violation of the Court’s restraining order. Defendants shall file a response to Plaintiffs’ emergency filing by no later than 12:00 noon PST on Friday, June 6, 2014. At that time, the Court shall decide whether and when to have a hearing on this matter. In the interim, the restraining order remains in effect: Defendants are ordered not to destroy any documents that may be relevant to the claims at issue in this action, including the Section 702 materials

Undersigned counsel have been advised by the National Security Agency that compliance with the June 5, 2014 Order would cause severe operational consequences for the National Security Agency (NSA’s) national security mission, including the possible suspension of the Section 702 program and potential loss of access to lawfully collected signals intelligence information on foreign intelligence targets that is vital to NSA’s foreign intelligence mission.

It is not credible that, as the government contends, simply refusing to destroy during the next 18 hours the communications it has intercepted will cause “the possible suspension of the Section 702 program.”... How can the preservation of these intercepted communications cause a “loss of access to lawfully collected signals intelligence information”? ... That information will remain accessible even though it is being preserved.



More fundamentally, the unspoken but unmistakable foundation of the government’s position is a contention that it never understood before this afternoon that the Court’s TRO required it to preserve evidence relating to its interception of Internet communications. This, too, lacks any credibility, especially in light of the extensive discussions between Court and counsel at the March 19, 2014 hearing on the evidence preservation dispute. The government’s disregard for the past three months of its obligations under the Court’s TRO should not be retroactively blessed by granting a stay that permits the government to continue destroying evidence.

So, remember how we wrote about the big EFF filing in the Jewel v. NSA case, about how the NSA and DOJ had been knowingly destroying key evidence bythat they thought the preservation orders only applied to one kind of spying, and not the kind that was approved by the FISA Court (despite at other times admitting that the surveillance at issue in the case was approved by the FISA Court)? Yeah, so, yesterday, the EFF realized that despite the big kerfuffle this whole thing had caused, the NSA and DOJ, and sprinted over to the court to file for an emergency temporary restraining order on the government.Ridiculously, the DOJ claimed that it did not believe the original TRO covered internet content interceptions, and thus was still destroying such evidence. It just said it believed the court was still determining if the TRO applied to such evidence. It took very little time for the court to respond, telling the DOJ to file an immediate response and in the meantime toThis is pretty damn egregious. There is simply no way that the DOJ could properly read the original TRO to mean that it can continue to destroy this evidence. To pretend that's a possible reading, especially given all the clear notifications of both EFF's and the court's concerns, is clearly the DOJ and NSA just playing dumb for the sake of being able to destroy more evidence.And while the DOJ had until today to file its response, late yesterday it filed a very short response, demanding the judge issue an emergency stay on the TRO it had just issued, saying that complying with it would "cause severe operational consequences."It also promises to file a more complete response today, which we'll try to add here once it's out. This response seems bizarre. It's unclear why an order towould mean that the Section 702 program would need to be suspended entirely. Either way, EFF lawyers had to stay up late last night, rushing out their own reply to the DOJ's frantic freakout.I imagine there will be more very soon.

Filed Under: destruction of evidence, doj, evidence, jewel v. nsa, nsa, section 702, surveillance, tro

Companies: eff                                                                                                                                  0236071-59dc5c8fb2dd48e01ae9c693a2d64b9f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014700 00000000000 015346  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Company Uses Bogus Polls And Gag Orders To Protect Image Of License Plate Scanning

from the despite-all-these-efforts,-still-rather-reviled dept

Vigilant, one of the nation's largest automatic license plate reader (ALPR) contractors, is trying to keep its public image as untarnished as possible. At this point, Vigilant has nearly 2 billion license plate records stored in its databases, which can be accessed by hundreds of law enforcement agencies.



Very recently, Vigilant took the state of Utah to court for violating its First Amendment right to take pictures and make money (photography/Citizens United, for those trying to keep score) by not allowing it to set up shop within its borders. As that news surfaced, so did a press release from the ALPR contractor which featured glowing comments from law enforcement officers who claimed the database helped track down bad guys (the baddest of the bad, too -- pedophiles) and did nothing more than anyone with a camera could do -- take photos of license plates.



Now, it has issued a very questionable poll that claims its technology has widespread support from the American public.

The survey asked seven questions, the first of which was the following: "In your opinion has license plate recognition—the ability for law enforcement to take photographs of license plates with a data and time stamp—helped to solve crimes?"



The results showed that 62 percent of respondents said yes, 10 percent said no, and 29 percent said they were unsure. What conclusion did Vigilant and Zogby draw from this result? It touted that "by a 6-1 margin, Californians say that license plate recognition technology helps police solve crimes."

The survey also asked: "Do you agree or disagree that license plates reveal nothing about me. People who see my license plate cannot determine my name or where I live."



Roughly 24 percent of respondents said that they strongly agree; 30 percent somewhat agree; 21 percent somewhat disagree; 17 percent strongly disagree and 8 percent were not sure.

Vigilant Solutions, founded in 2009, claims to have the nation’s largest repository of license-plate images with nearly 2 billion records stored in its National Vehicle Location Service (NVLS). Despite the enormous implications of the database for the public, any law enforcement agency that signs up for the service is sworn to a vow of silence by the company’s terms of service.



Vigilant is clear about the reason for the secrecy: it’s to prevent customers from “cooperating” with media and calling attention to its database.

You shall not create, publish, distribute, or permit any written, electronically transmitted or other form of publicity material that makes reference to LEARN [Law Enforcement Archival and Reporting Network] or this Agreement without first submitting the material to LEARN-NVLS and receiving written consent from LEARN-NVLS. This prohibition is specifically intended to prohibit users from cooperating with any media outlet to bring attention to LEARN or LEARN-NVLS. Breach this provision may result in LEARN-NVLS immediately termination of this Agreement upon notice to you [sic].

That bit of exclusionary math notwithstanding (6-4 would be more accurate), it's not clear whether many of the respondents even knew what a license plate reader was or how much data these readers are capable of collecting (up to 60 plates per minute). The respondents may also have been unaware that the plate readers collect far more than photos of license plates. They also collect time/date/location data. So, when those polled responded to the following question, they may not have had any idea how easily the supposedly-innocuous ALPRs can connect a person with a license plate.There's some iffy wording here as well -- the polling company provided no information that shows just how many agencies and entities have access to Vigilant's LPR databases along with access to other driver data from other locations, all of which is linked by license plate numbers. Even without this information, the margin of "victory" for Vigilant is slim: 54% to 46%. But Vigilant has used this flawed poll to claim that Californians support the use of LPRs.But that's not the only way Vigilant is trying to maintain a positive PR front. The other aspect is more insidious than a small sampling of Californians answering badly-worded questions Vigilant isn't the only manufacturer of law enforcement surveillance/tracking technology to try to keep cops from talking about their shiny new tools. As you'll recall, Harris, manufacturer of the cell tower spoofer called the Stingray, made law enforcement agencies sign the same sort of non-disclosure agreement at the time of sale, one that also prohibited disclosure to not just the media, but to otheras well. This worked out well for law enforcement officers, giving them a reason to skip seeking warrants… right up until all of this was made very public by a court battle.Here's the actual wording in Vigilant's contract, as uncovered by the EFF:Vigilant knows the public would undoubtedly have issues with its multi-billion license plate collection and the fact that several hundred thousand new records are being generated every day. If it had any belief in its product's ability to instill public confidence it wouldn't be suing states, publishing questionable polls and swearing those with inside knowledge to secrecy.: After these terms became public, Vigilant has now updated the terms to make them slightly less crazy...Law enforcement agencies know this as well, but have been willing to let their silence speak volumes. In most cases, technology like that provided by Harris and Vigilant goes into service well before the public even hears about it. Only when it's exposed are any moves made to introduce privacy protections, minimization procedures or anything else that should have been present before the tech hit the streets.The ultimate hypocrisy of it all is that both Vigilant and law enforcement agencies defend the mass capture of license plate/location data as just gatheringinformation. But when it comes to their info, everything's a secret, enforced by contract if necessary. Then they go even further and claim theinformation gathered isand can't be released , even to the owner of the license plates captured. It's a one-way street of data that's disingenuous, dishonest and, above all, an insult to the very public these agencies are meant to serve.

Filed Under: gag orders, license plate scanning, polls, statistics, terms of service

Companies: vigilant                                                                0236097-31f1ab7e81435dfe96c4e046956fc9ab.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012112 00000000000 015206  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        925.2k SHARES Facebook Twitter

A 13-year-old boy fended off two hardened felons who were attempting to break into his house by using his mother’s gun to protect himself while home alone.

The boy saw the men breaking into the back of his home, “at which time he feared for his safety,” and grabbed his mother’s gun, the document states. He began firing at them, and the Sheriff’s office reported that they returned fire.

In a heated shootout, the boy shot Brown three times, and Bennett drove him to the hospital where he later died. The gray Chevy Sonic they were driving had bullet holes in it from the boy chasing them, the affidavit states.

Where was the media coverage of this brave young man’s heroic act, how about a Tweet from President Obama commending his bravery. Without the protection of his mothers gun the boy, and his mother, who was due home later that afternoon, would both be dead.

According to reports the young boy, who is not being identified, was home alone when he grew suspicious of a car that pulled up outside around 1:30 p.m. Moments later, the two suspects went to the back of the house and attempted to break in, at such time, the boy, fearing for his safety, grabbed his mother’s handgun.

take our poll - story continues below

Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story?

Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? * Yes, they've gotten so much wrong recently that they're bound to be on their best behavior. No, they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Jussie who?

Email *

Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Truth Uncensored updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

As the suspects tried to break into the back of the house, the boy opened fire, but the suspects reacted by returning fire before fleeing from the scene.

The boy chased the suspects out of the home and continued to fire as they fled in their vehicle. The boy, who was uninjured, then called his mother, who instructed him to call the police.

Neighbor Debbie Griffin said she called police after hearing about six shots ring out. She added that her son was outside at the time and heard more shots and witnessed the attempted burglary. He told her he saw the suspects’ car parked behind the house.

Investigators combed the area around the boy’s home and discovered a Colt .45 pistol, which was believed to belong to the suspects.

A short time later, one of the suspects, who was later identified as Lamar Anthwan Brown, 31, was dropped off outside the emergency room of a nearby hospital. Brown, who was shot three times, died at the medical facility.

The second suspect, Ira Bennett, 28, later turned himself in to authorities. He was charged with first-degree burglary and possession of a weapon during the commission of a violent crime.

Lamar Anthwan Brown, (L) 31, of Summerville, died at Trident Medical Center of gunshot wounds. Bennett, 28, (R) of North Charleston has been charged with first-degree burglary and possession of a weapon during the commission of a violent crime.

What’s truly amazing about this story is that the two men were no strangers to crime, with both having extensive criminal histories.

Brown was convicted six times on felony drug charges, in addition to unlawful carrying of a weapon, disorderly conduct and trespassing.

Bennett was previously convicted of assault with intent to kill, pointing a firearm at a person and third-degree burglary, in addition to drug convictions that included possession of a controlled substance, manufacturing and distributing a controlled substance and possession of marijuana.

The boy’s mother, who is just thankful her son is safe, said she kept the gun in the home for personal protection, but she never taught her son how to use it.

“I tell my kids that if anything ever happens to call 911, but I also tell them to protect themselves if they have to,” the mother said. “I never would have dreamed that this would have been a part of our day today.”

The boy, who homeschools and is typically home with another family member during the day, did not wish to talk with reporters, but according to neighbor Debbie Griffin, who witnessed part of the attempted burglary, the boy wished the shooting never would have occurred.

Imagine what the outcome could have been for him and his mother when she returned home from work if he had not been smart enough to use the gun to defend himself and his home.

While Democrats and liberals insist that guns are not safe and stricter gun control is needed – there is ample proof, as in this case, that there is more need for gun safety to be taught rather than instilling fear. Obviously, this boy was taught how to use the gun and it saved his, and probably his mothers life as well.

If anything, the boy deserves recognition for taking hardened criminals off the street.

Photos: Google                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0236172-e35079cf01213a3de913177c19603b10.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014320 00000000000 014566  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Activist Post

The weekend of the 10th Anniversary of 9/11, has caused many to reflect on the event itself, as well as the decade that we have experienced since. There have indeed been many casualties to recall. One of the saddest casualties is the First Amendment to the nation’s founding document; it is effectively dead in 33 states according to a ACLU compilation of incident reports across America. A targeted program of surveillance and harassment has become fully centered on the population itself.

This was first made evident in the 2009 MIAC report, which cited supporters of prominent political candidates like Ron Paul, as well as an assortment of other activists who support peace, freedom and liberty, as potential threats. Law enforcement has been directed to treat such “dangers” with suspicion and extreme caution.

The ACLU has compiled an interactive map of those states which have logged incidents of police harassment and surveillance of Americans engaging in other apparently un-American activities, namely: peaceful protest, photographing public servants while on duty, questioning American leadership and policy, recording one’s surroundings while in public, and having certain religious or political affiliations that could apparently be tied to extremism.

Here are just a few examples among dozens of incident reports cited by the ACLU that show the range of First Amendment violations.



Maine — FBI Intercepts and Stores E-mails Planning Peaceful Protests.

The FBI intercepted and stored e-mail communications pertaining to protests at the Brunswick Naval Air Show and against the christening of an Arleigh Burke Class destroyer organized by Veterans for Peace and co-sponsored by Pax Christi Maine, PeaceWorks, WILPF, Peace Action Maine, Smilin’Trees Disarmament Farm, Global Network Against Weapons & Nuclear Power in Space, Maine Coalition for Peace & Justice, Island Peace & Justice, Winthrop Area People for Peace, and Waldo County Peace & Justice

New York — Police Detain Muslim-American Journalism Student for Taking Photos for a Class Assignment.

Mariam Jukaku, a 24-year old Muslim-American journalism student at Syracuse University, was stopped by Veterans Affairs police in New York for taking photographs of flags in front of a VA building as part of a class assignment. After taking her into an office for interrogation and taking her driver’s license, the police deleted the photographs from her digital camera before releasing her.

Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?



Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets

North Carolina — Pentagon Surveils Veteran.

Debbie Clark, who was honorably discharged from the US army after eight years of active duty and who is married to an active duty military man, found herself under Pentagon surveillance when she participated in a protest at Fort Bragg in March 2005 led by veterans and military families.

Texas — Fusion Center Describes Conspiracy to Spread Tolerance.

In February 2009, a DHS-supported North Central Texas Fusion System intelligence bulletin described a purported conspiracy between Muslim civil rights organizations, lobbying groups, the anti-war movement, a former U.S. Congresswoman, the U.S. Treasury Department, and hip hop bands to spread tolerance in the U.S. The bulletin was reportedly distributed to over 100 different agencies.

Colorado — FBI JTTF Monitors American Indian Movement, Peace Groups, and Environmental Groups.

In August 2005, the ACLU obtained the documents in response to a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request containing information on the Colorado American Indian Movement and the Rocky Mountain Peace and Justice Center. The files show that JTTF agents opened “domestic terrorism” investigations after they read notices on web sites announcing an antiwar protest in Colorado Springs in 2003 and a protest against Columbus Day in Denver in 2002.

Arizona Maricopa County Sheriff Department Surveils Political Enemies.

An internal report accuses the Maricopa County’s Chief Deputy Sheriff of using Maricopa’s anti-corruption unit to conduct politically motivated investigations and of surveiling Maricopa County Sheriff Arpaio’s political rivals.

California — Military Monitors Campus Anti-Recruiting Protests. Two Department of Defense (DOD) Threat and Local Observation Notices (TALON) from April 2005 describe anti-recruiting protests by students at the University of California campuses of Berkeley and Santa Cruz. The source for both TALON reports, a “special agent of the federal protective service, U.S. Department of Homeland Security,” relayed protest information he received through email alerts.

Undercover Campus and County Sheriffs Attend Cal State Fresno Lecture on Veganism. On November 10, 2004, the California State Fresno student group Campus Peace and Civil Liberties Coalition (CPCLC) hosted an on-campus lecture by a speaker formerly employed by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA). The lecturer addressed approximately 60 people about the benefits of a vegan diet. Six of those 60 attendees were undercover police officers—three from the county sheriff’s de­partment and three from the campus police department.





Survival Solar Battery Charger - Free Today! The scope of the incidents compiled on the ACLU map reflects a new America; one where the Bill of Rights and Constitution have been re-defined as the most serious threat, rather than the greater threat that exists from promoting an atmosphere of hysteria and fear that is inevitably leading to the eradication of protections afforded by those very documents. First, do you believe that it is only 33 states? Do you believe that the principles of freedom outlined in the Bill of Rights and Constitution make America less safe in The Age of Terror? Are these incident reports examples of your tax dollars well-spent? Please use the comment section below to give us your thoughts, as well as other incidents that exemplify the loss of our Constitutional rights. For additional information to the examples cited above, please consult the source article at the ACLU located HERE var linkwithin_site_id = 557381; linkwithin_text=’Related Articles:’                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0236184-6a1adf72d9e462c73a35c7fafc9bc44b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003576 00000000000 015427  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Falling in Love Takes One-Fifth of a Second

Love is…like a hit of cocaine.

It takes a fifth-of-a-second for the euphoria-inducing chemicals to start acting on the brain when you are looking at that special someone.

That’s one of the conclusions of Stephanie Ortigue, who has co-authored a review of neuroscience research on love.

The brain imaging studies of love they covered also suggested that 12 different areas of the brain are involved (Ortigue et al., 2010).

When looking or thinking about a loved one, these areas release a cocktail of neurotransmitters across the brain, including oxytocin, dopamine, vasopressin and adrenaline.

The brain gets a similar ‘hit’ from love as it does from a small dose of cocaine.

Types of love

Of course love comes in many varieties.

One common distinction is between passionate love and the companionate kind, with the latter growing between couples over time.

This review of the research found that passionate love activates the areas of the brain involved in reward–after all we have to be motivated to overcome all the obstacles that can get in the way of love.

But it’s not just about motivation: passionate love also makes us think about our body image, about how we appear socially to the other person and it makes us focus our attention.

Passionate love also had the effect of dampening down activity in areas of the brain associated with grieving, fear and anxiety.

The authors conclude:

“Together, these results show that love is more than a basic emotion. Love is also a complex function including appraisals, goal-directed motivation, reward, self-representation, and body-image. Interestingly different types of love call for different brain networks that carry a broad variety of basic and complex mechanisms…”

Falling in love may feel as easy as falling off a log, but your brain is working overtime.

Image credit: Brandon Warren                                                                                                                                  0236177-4a0d6556948adf5ef2775e749a0291d7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007310 00000000000 015002  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        ANALYSIS/OPINION:

Global-warming alarmists have failed to make their case in the court of public opinion, so they’re taking their propaganda to the Supreme Court instead. Like many ideological movements that lack political traction, the left is hoping that what politicians have disposed of the judiciary will impose.

On Tuesday, the Supreme Court will hear oral arguments in American Electric Power Co., Inc. v. Connecticut, the issue at hand being whether states and private groups may sue utilities over purported global warming. Several states and environmental activists sued five electric utilities for allegedly contributing to the “public nuisance” of global warming and seek a court order capping their carbon-dioxide emissions to the level required to achieve “reductions necessary to significantly slow the rate and magnitude of warming.”

Nuisance suits have long been used against polluters when the cause-and-effect chain is more obvious, like a factory dumping sludge into a public waterway. The inconvenient truth for the alarmists is that evidence keeps failing to mount that would support their climate-change theology. For decades, they have warned of imminent rising sea levels, famines, disease, refugee movements, increasingly deadly hurricanes and other threats. None of it has happened. The warming trend of the 1990s hit a wall in 1998 and has not picked back up, forcing the warmist movement to abandon its old moniker and try to rebrand itself as “global climate change.” If there is any public nuisance, it’s their endless carping over a problem that doesn’t exist.

Judges, who are notoriously susceptible to intellectual fads and the amicus briefs from pressure groups, are ill-equipped to impose carbon-dioxide caps. A judge looking to the United Nations for guidance to determine a “fair” level for emissions would discover that “climate stability” can be reached at a level of two metric tons emitted per person per year. For the average American, that would mean a 90 percent carbon-dioxide cut, bringing us down to around the standard of living of Uruguay. A 2008 MIT study showed that even the carbon footprint of a homeless person in the United States is more than four times the U.N. recommendation. According to the World Bank, carbon-dioxide emissions per capita in the United States are slightly lower than they were in 1968; energy use per capita has basically flatlined for 40 years. If there is a growing problem, it’s not growing here.

If the logic of the nuisance lawsuit is accepted, it will unleash a tsunami of litigation that would drive the economy to a standstill. Every energy producer would face a new lawsuit. Every manufacturing plant would have to account for its supposed carbon output or be hauled before a judge. Livestock producers would have to answer for the carbon-dioxide emissions of their animals, and logging limits would be placed on timber companies for depriving the world of oxygen. The legal challenges - and the legal fees - would be endless.

The Obama administration is in a political fix because while the president and his Democratic colleagues worship at the climate-change altar, the Justice Department has filed an amicus brief in support of power companies. Justice argues that “common-law nuisance claims are quintessentially fit for political or regulatory - not judicial - resolution.” In practice, what this means is that President Obama would rather job-busting carbon caps be unilaterally imposed by unelected EPA bureaucrats than by unelected judges. When it comes to destroying the economy through environmental extremism, Mr. Obama isn’t against it, he just wants the credit.

Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0236149-c3dcb2d910a0f2d1dd5615067c826db7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004264 00000000000 015164  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        He seemed bowed, irascible. She seemed buoyant, effervescent. It was as poised a performance as she’s finessed in a long time, and while I’ve just about given up making predictions about this confounding election — I never thought Donald Trump would last so long, and I never saw Ben Carson coming — I think Clinton benefited more from Tuesday’s stage than Sanders did.

She mixed confidence and moments of passion with instances of humor, and her manner was less didactic and robotic than it can often be. From Cooper and from the four men bookending her at the lecterns, she had everything thrown at her: Iraq, Benghazi, her coziness with Wall Street, her personal wealth.

But she was seldom rattled, though the discussion of her use of a home-brewed server for her emails as secretary of state did prompt a visible stiffening of her posture, a conspicuous strain in her smile. Will she ever, ever find language that takes full ownership of her mistake and that puts real flesh on her continued claim that she’s being as transparent as possible?

It was possibly her worst moment.

It was perhaps Sanders’s best. Surprisingly, he called for an end to talk about the emails, saying there were more important issues to focus on. High-mindedness met unusual campaign-trail generosity and gallantry. Clinton laughed and beamed. They shook hands, and I half expected a hug.

The debate isn’t going to change the fortunes of Lincoln Chafee and Jim Webb, who were at the edges of the stage and will remain on the edges of the race. O’Malley might benefit an iota, and grew bolder as the night progressed.

Sanders grew redundant, returning with questionable frequency to a single issue — greed and income inequality — that made him sound like a one-note candidate. He’s 100 percent right to question corporations and trumpet the plight of the middle class. But he does so as more of a firebrand, calling for a “political revolution,” than as someone who can be trusted to make meaningful progress.

Clinton had her own redundancies, saying twice if not thrice as often as was necessary that she’d be the first female president. She’s gone from sidestepping her gender in 2008 to roaring about it now.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0236020-20fae2c14822ecc0dd6059b7fe4b59f8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011401 00000000000 015235  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump says he's ready to start a major renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement, now that his trade czar has achieved his long-awaited confirmation by the U.S. Senate.

The upper chamber voted with a large bipartisan majority Thursday to approve Robert Lighthizer, which gives the administration its U.S. trade representative and allows it to kickstart its NAFTA process.

The president told an interview with The Economist that he intends to proceed quickly thereafter: Trump intends to file a 90-day notice with Congress, work with it on negotiating priorities, and start talks with Canada and Mexico later this year.

President Donald Trump says he's ready to start a major renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement. (Photo: Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post via Getty Images)

"The clock starts ticking (with Lighthizer's confirmation)," Trump told the magazine, before the vote. The administration has begun signalling that it wants significant changes in a range of areas, including dairy, lumber, automobiles, pharmaceuticals and the dispute-resolution system.

Trump interjected when an interviewer suggested it sounds like he wants a big renegotiation.

"Big isn't a good enough word," the president replied.

"Massive."

But that desire for a "massive" renegotiation is butting up against the mundane realities of the political calendar. The U.S. and Mexico have both expressed a desire to get a deal by early next year, before the Mexican election. Few observers believe a substantive renegotiation is possible within a few months.

Trump: I have a 'very good relationship' with Trudeau

Trump repeated the story in that interview of how he almost withdrew from NAFTA last month. It's a story he's told several times.

He described an amazing coincidence: Both Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, and Mexico's Enrique Pena Nieto, called him one after the other, and both told him almost the same exact thing, urging him to reconsider.

"I have a very good relationship with Justin and a very good relationship with the president of Mexico," Trump said.

"It was an amazing thing. They called separately 10 minutes apart. I just put down the phone with the president of Mexico when the prime minister of Canada called. And they both asked almost identical questions: 'We would like to know if it would be possible to negotiate as opposed to a termination.'

And I said, 'Yes, it is. Absolutely.' So we did that and we'll start."

There's a simple explanation for that coincidence: It wasn't a coincidence.





Trump's own son-in-law Jared Kushner set up the Trudeau call.

Around 6 p.m. on April 26, Kushner phoned a prime ministerial aide, told her there was an immediate window to speak with Trump, and she conveyed the news to Trudeau. Sources from both countries have confirmed that Kushner facilitated the call. In the White House version, Kushner was helping out, responding to a request earlier in the day from the Canadians to speak.

One source familiar with the thinking of both governments offered a theory for what's happening: Trump wanted to take credit, before his 100th day in office, for forcing Canada and Mexico into a renegotiation.

The source said the governments of Canada and Mexico did the exact same thing as some companies like Ford and Japan's SoftBank — they let Trump take credit for things they already intended to do.

In the case of the companies, it was building U.S. facilities. In the case of Canada and Mexico, it's renegotiating NAFTA — which both countries had repeatedly stated they were ready for.

"President Trump is eager for some wins."

"That's what everybody's doing," said the insider.

"(People are saying), 'We're gonna let Trump have the announcement — so he gets credit for it.'... They've decided, if they need to give him some victories, as long as it suits us — fine...

"As long as they're not actually, in reality, getting screwed, he can say whatever he wants."

A binational business group suggests one future way this could happen: on regulatory co-operation.

What's Happening In Ottawa? Stay on top of the biggest political stories of the day with our newsletter

Canada is already working with the U.S. to eliminate red tape on products. Now that Trump is looking to slash two regulations for every one he creates, Canada could just hand him the credit.

"President Trump is eager for some wins. Canada can help provide him with one, while also advancing its own interests," Maryscott Greenwood of the Canadian-American Business Council wrote in a Policy Options article.

"The Canadian government could present the United States with a proposal for aligning a particular set of regulations. This would represent a bilateral victory for what is at the moment a U.S.-only effort to cut regulatory red tape."

Also on HuffPost                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0236167-4bd62daa55c84be566ba01bd68cb6250.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003155 00000000000 015242  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        [Eric] has figured out a great way to build quadcopters out of recycled computer motherboards. Multicopters come in all shapes and sizes these days. As we mentioned in the last issue of Droning On, they can be bought or built-in a multitude of materials as well. Drones have been built using materials as varied as wood, PVC pipe, carbon fiber, and aluminum.

One of the more common commercial materials is G10 fiberglass sheet. It’s stiff, strong, and relatively light. Printed circuit boards are generally made of FR-4 fiberglass, G10’s flame resistant cousin. It’s no wonder [Eric] had quadcopters in his eyes when he saw a pile of motherboards being thrown out at his university.

[Eric] used a heat gun and a lot of patience to get all the components off the motherboard. With a bit of care, most of the components can be saved for future hardware hacks. This is one step that’s best performed outside. Hot melting plastics, metals, and resin fumes aren’t the greatest things to inhale.

Clean PCBs in hand, [Eric] headed to his local TechShop. He drew his dead cat style frame in SolidWorks and cut it out on a ShopBot. While a high-end CNC cutter is nice, it’s not absolutely necessary. The fiberglass sheets could be cut with a rotary tool or a jigsaw. No matter how you cut it, be sure to wear a mask rated for fiberglass resins and some protective clothing. Fiberglass plate is nasty stuff to cut.

Once the upper and lower frame plates were cut, [Eric] completed his quad frame with some square wooden stock for arms. The final quad is a great flier, and spare parts are easy to source. Nice work on the recycling, [Eric]!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0236099-3840193663b5b6990514c5231d735e36.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007311 00000000000 014406  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        METRO VANCOUVER — He is newly married, but now the question is: Can Joe Cannon win back his old job?

The veteran Vancouver Whitecaps goalkeeper, who missed the first three days of training camp this week after getting hitched on Saturday in Saratoga, Calif., has been told the No. 1 job — which he lost late last season to Brad Knighton — will be an open competition.

It’s what he wanted and it’s what he prepared for, acknowledging Thursday that in the off-season he had “kept in shape a little bit more than I have in the past.”

Now part of that might have been just to make sure he looked good in his wedding suit. But he clearly still feels like he’s got something left for Major League Soccer.

So, too, does head coach Martin Rennie.

“Right now, it’s up to Joe and Brad to fight it out and see who becomes the No. 1 and then, if they are the No. 1, to stay the No. 1,” said Rennie, who went with Knighton for last season’s final eight matches after Cannon surrendered a weak free-kick goal to Portland in mid-August.

Knighton, 27, responded well, finishing with three shutouts and an 0.81 goals against average in nine MLS matches.

Cannon was extremely sharp early for the ’Caps in 2012. He finished with eight clean sheets and a 1.34 goals against average.

“Joe’s had a fantastic career, but he’s also someone who brings great leadership to the locker-room,” said Rennie. “He’s a really good guy, a good character.

“He seems invigorated by getting married, coming back and being part of the group again. So it’s up to those guys to fight it out. They have both shown how good they can be, so I think we’re in a good position there.”

While Cannon, plucked off the San Jose roster in the expansion draft before the 2011 season, clearly wants to be a starting goalkeeper. He seemed to insinuate Thursday that he could live with a backup role if he’s beaten out.

“Regardless of what happens on the field, I think in the locker-room you’ve got to be someone who’s a voice, kind of in a leadership role. But that’s for the group to decide and for characters to step up throughout the season.

“Obviously with the experience I have, there’s going to be times when maybe some direction is needed and if that happens, then I’m definitely there for the group.”

Cannon called his wedding to Marisa, his girlfriend of three years, “just an incredible day.

“Unfortunately, there was no time to really celebrate with a honeymoon or anything.”

There could have been if he had picked a better date.

“To be honest, we didn’t know when training camp started — at our exit meetings (Rennie) had no clue when pre-season was going to start — and if you know anything about wedding locations, you really have to book far in advance.

“Historically, (last) weekend hasn’t been a training camp weekend and the weekend before was already booked. It’s unfortunate I had to miss some days, but in saying that, it was the best day of my life. I’m just happy that everything’s worked out.”

He could even joke about the fact it took more than three years for he and Marisa to tie the knot.

“Three years for me, but for her it was like dog years, you’ve got to multiply by seven. For her, it seemed like it was 21 years.”

PENALTY KICKS: Daigo Kobayashi, the Japanese midfielder the Whitecaps are interested in, watched practice Thursday. Rennie said there was no contract yet and there are “four or five players we’re in discussions with and we’re quite close to going one way or another with. I’ve been involved in so many situations, whether it be players coming or players going, where you think one thing is going to happen and then something else does.”

gkingston@vancouversun.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236185-1f46a669a5affbd3848e7c769a401430.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016757 00000000000 015064  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Protesters from United We Dream stage a sit-in at the state office of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., on Capitol Hill in Washington Sept. 9, 2014. Dreamers, undocumented immigrants who came to the United States as children, are upset with President Barack Obama's decision to not act on immigration reform until after Novermber's midterm elections. (J. Scott Applewhite/AP)

Less than a month after President Obama announced he would delay using his executive authority to reform immigration laws, there is evidence that the decision is doing exactly what he hoped to avoid: hurting Democrats.

Activists in key states say it is increasingly difficult to register would-be Latino voters who would vote for Democrats because of unhappiness over the decision. Poll numbers for Obama and Democrats have also dropped further among Hispanics than the population at large. One group has even launched a campaign against four Democratic senators who backed a GOP proposal to bar Obama from taking any executive action on immigration.

“The president has not helped us,” said activist Leo Murrieta, 28, who is working to register Latino voters in Colorado for Mi Familia Vota. “People are disappointed. They wanted action, they wanted activity, they wanted movement.”

With so many congressional and gubernatorial candidates locked in close races this year, Democrats can’t afford to show signs of complacency or sagging support. But Murrieta and others believe that only action — not promises of action — will help spur increased turnout among Hispanics with just five weeks until Election Day.

Appearing Thursday night at a gala hosted by the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute, Obama said he will use his executive authority to revamp the nation’s immigration policy sometime between Election Day and before the end of the year.

“If anybody wants to know where my heart is or whether I want to have this fight, let me put those questions to rest right now: I am not going to give up on this fight until it gets done,” he said.

Obama also urged Hispanic lawmakers and activists in the crowd to works to ensure a record Latino voter turnout this year.

“Sí se puede si votamos — yes we can if we vote,” he said in Spanish and English.

“What happened to change we can believe in?” a young heckler shouted at Obama as she was escorted from the hall.

Inside the room, Obama was speaking to some of the lawmakers most upset by his decision to wait.

“We would not wait until after November if it was an issue affecting the gay and lesbian community,” Rep. Luis V. Gutierrez (D-Ill.), a critic of Obama’s work on immigration, said at the conference Wednesday afternoon. “If this was about women’s reproductive rights, if this was about the minimum wage, if this was about a series of other issues, the Democratic Party would come together.”

Rep. Joaquin Castro (D-Tex.) said he’s found widespread frustration. “A lot of people understand there’s a political calculation, but those same people understand there’s a lot of people suffering because he didn't act,” he said in an interview.

Labor Secretary Tom Perez, who is under consideration to be Obama’s next attorney general, sought to reassure conference attendees Wednesday. But his message fell flat.

“The question of executive action, my friends, is a ‘when?’ question,” Perez said. Immigration, he added later, “is all about his values and his leadership. And that’s why I love working for this president.”

It’s the kind of line that might earn a response from a friendly crowd — but nobody in the room applauded.

Obama was already suffering from gradual disenchantment among Hispanics before he made his decision last month to delay action on immigration. In a Washington Post-ABC News poll last July, Obama had a 68 percent approval rating among Hispanics for his handling of immigration. By September, that number had dropped to 42 percent.

From 2012 to 2013, Obama went from 75 percent approval to 52 percent among Hispanics in national Gallup polls; he’s at 48 percent among Hispanics in the group’s most recent approval tracking this month.

Maria Teresa Kumar, president of Voto Latino, a nonpartisan group seeking to register young Hispanic voters, told conference attendees that despite any misgivings, Latinos need to turn out this year in record numbers to remind Obama, his party and Republicans that they want the immigration issue settled.

“Until we try to actually recognize that our number one initiative is to organize each other . . . we’re always going to be left behind,” she said. “And it gets to a point that it’s no longer anyone’s fault but our own.”

But far beyond Washington, activists are struggling to convince skeptics.

On a busy day, Murrieta and his team fan out to find would-be voters at grocery stores, elementary schools and bus stops in Denver and Pueblo, Colo. Murrieta said the typical number of sign-ups has plummeted from maybe a dozen a day before Obama’s decision to as few as three a day now.

“Less people are willing to talk about elections,” he said. “We’ve just had to get more creative and really find ways to talk about the issues and the elections.”

There’s similar resistance in Arizona, said Raquel Teran, who leads a team of 35 scouring the Phoenix and Tucson areas for new voters.

If Obama “would have acted before the election absolutely it would have been easier,” she said. “A lot of the Latino community are watching how the debate is advancing and there would be energy.”

Some activists are also encouraging Latinos to skip voting in a key contest: their U.S. Senate race.

Presente.org, a Los Angeles-based Latino rights group claiming 250,000 members nationwide, is encouraging followers in four states to skip voting to reelect Democratic Sens. Mark Pryor (Ark.), Mary Landrieu (La.), Jeanne Shaheen (N.H.) and Kay Hagan (N.C.). Those states have about 353,000 eligible Latino voters — a small number, but a potentially critical bloc of support in close races.

All four senators, along with Sen. Joe Manchin III (D-W. Va.), voted last month on what Republicans cast as an attempt to roll back Obama’s program giving temporary legal status to hundreds of thousands of children of illegal immigrants. They did so under pressure from their GOP opponents.

Presente — which specializes in using social media and text messaging to rally supporters — is using microtargeted Facebook ads to tell members in Arkansas, Louisiana, New Hampshire and North Carolina that the senators voted with Republicans “in an effort to derail President Obama’s executive action that would provide relief for immigrants.”

“By no means are we saying vote Republican, we’re simply saying that on that item on the ballot, skip it,” said Arturo Carmona, executive director of Presente. Instead of voting in the Senate race, “There are a lot of other important items on the ballot that they should pay attention to,” he said.

Representatives of the Democratic campaigns did not respond to requests for comment. Other activists suggested the boycott would have little, if any, impact.

“It’s not going to work. It’s being a little disingenuous and insulting,” said Ben Monterroso, executive director of Mi Familia Vota.

Castro said that if voters express any doubts about Obama or Democrats, he tells them: “The chances of passing comprehensive immigration reform if Republicans take over the Senate are even more slim than they are now.”

Katie Zezima and Peyton Craighill contributed to this report.                 0236077-61f7fd9b242d2fd54fe7811607df1f88.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011032 00000000000 015134  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Advertisement

1. Drafted Media Source He's shipping out tonight. Someone has to defend us from the Burning Legion.

Advertisement

2. Your Job is in Another Castle Media Source This programmer went the extra mile and modded Super Mario Bros. to display his classy resignation letter to his bosses. We're sure they're going to miss having someone so creative on staff.

Advertisement

3. Cupcakes Media Source These cupcakes are a really thoughtful way to quit. The only downside is that if employees take the wrong cupcake before the boss sees them, they might not quite get the message.

Advertisement

4. Steven Slater Media Source Steven Slater was a flight attendant for JetBlue Airways. After having a confrontation with a passenger, he grabbed the microphone, quit his job over the PA system, and as the plane was landing, grabbed two beers, popped open the emergency evacuation slide and jumped down it. He ended up briefly being a celebrity, but ultimately ended up owing JetBlue around $10,000 dollars for his actions.

Advertisement

5. Marching Band Media Source Joey DeFrancesco hated his job at a hotel, so he decided to quit and enlisted his friends to help. Fortunately, Joey's friends perform in a marching band, enabling his resignation to be as loud as humanly possible

Advertisement

6. Color Coded Media Source Everyone knows that the most important part of any resignation letter is that it is pretty. Writing it out in colorful crayons and including a bonus doodle of a dog ensured that Cat's letter was the fairest of them all.

Advertisement

7. Greg Media Source Greg was pretty fed up with Wendy's and it shows. We're curious as to how long that sign was up before anyone let management know.

Advertisement

8. Mr. Cake Media Source Chris Holmes wanted to actually show his coworkers why he was quitting, so he put his skills to good use. He baked a professional quality cake to say goodbye and managed to advertise his new cake business at the same time.

Advertisement

9. Smell Ya Later Media Source Words really can't describe this one. Just take a look at it. Really soak it in. We'd expect nothing less from a man with the nickname, "T-Bone."

Advertisement

10. Mac Alert Media Source It's probably not a good idea to tick off people who are clearly capable of taking control of your computer. This message brought to you by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.

Advertisement

11. Barbershop Sextet Media Source This is easily the most stylin' way anyone has ever quit. Honestly, everyone in the building probably just wants him to quit again so they can hear more singing.

Advertisement

12. GoDaddy Super Bowl Commercial Media Source Gwen Dean is actually a real person, who quit her job during a Super Bowl Commercial . She seems to have gotten the best of everything. She quit her job, opened a new business and got it advertised on one of the world's biggest stages, all for responding to an ad looking for someone getting ready to quit.

Advertisement

13. Ice Ice Baby Media Source In this case, it was actually a manager who quit while performing a choreographed dance to "Ice Ice Baby. " He's clearly given all of his employees something to aspire to.

Advertisement

14. Banana and a Mariachi Band Media Source This one is on the list for sheer weirdness. This guy marched into his office while dressed as a banana with a full Mariachi band blaring behind him. Everyone seems more puzzled than annoyed.

Advertisement

15. Exit Strategy Media Source I wonder if the people of Exit 329 were the ones who got him fired. Otherwise, this just seems unfair.

Advertisement

16. A Toast Media Source Nothing says classy quite like buying your boss a bottle after five years together. Now, if only it wasn't Jack Daniels.

Advertisement

17. Eric Media Source Eric's resignation letter appears to be written on a piece of toilet paper with a Sharpie. We're guessing this might reflect how he feels about the job.

Advertisement

18. Help Wanted Media Source Putting up the Help Wanted sign to find your own replacement must be one of the most satisfying feelings in the world. Here's hoping Joe got a new job with a boss who shows up on time.

Advertisement

19. Van Halen Media Source Eric Silver wanted to make sure that Wendy Raye remembered him. His Van Halen logo will almost certainly guarantee that.

Advertisement

20. Via Viral Video Media Source Maria Shifrin worked for a company that made videos. So it only makes sense that she decided to make a video as her notice of resignation. The video went viral, proving that Marina knows her stuff, but her bosses got the last word.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0236121-03f30e60a350f3f73ef9743b7913e535.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003342 00000000000 014666  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        An out-of-control, unmanned Russian cargo spacecraft that malfunctioned on its way to the International Space Station last week will fall to Earth this evening.

As of Thursday mid-morning, the Progress 59 M-27M spacecraft was expected to fall between 6:13 p.m. ET and 9:51 p.m. ET Thursday, the Russian space agency Roscosmos reported.

The ship is expected to burn up nearly completely in the Earth's atmosphere, and only a few small pieces will reach the planet's surface, Roscosmos said.

They should be similar in size and nature to those that fall to Earth when a Progress spacecraft normally burns up in the atmosphere after making a successful delivery to the International Space Station, Roscosmos added.

Spinning once every 1.8 seconds

According to the European Space Agency Space Debris team, the likelihood of the Progress spacecraft re-entering the atmosphere over North America or Europe has dropped significantly.

ESA reports that the Progress spacecraft was spinning very quickly, about once every 1.8 seconds.

As of mid-morning Thursday, the satellite tracking site Satview.org predicted the spacecraft will re-enter the atmosphere over central Africa around 9:16 p.m. ET today.

The satellite tracking site Satview.org predicts the spacecraft will re-enter the atmosphere over central Africa around 9:16 p.m. ET today. (Satview.org)

Progress 59 M-27M was launched on April 28 with 2.8 tonnes of supplies for the International Space Station, including food and fuel.

However, after launch, flight controllers lost control of the ship, which had entered the wrong orbit, wasn't transmitting data, and was spinning "at a rather significant rate."

The following day, Roscosmos declared the spacecraft a loss and gave up trying to control it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0236169-028bfe7ae92a1fb6ec2d080e25bcc299.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011665 00000000000 015343  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Why groceries cost more in the Bay Area

Top: Andy Katz (center) of S.F., at the Ferry Plaza Farmers Market in S.F., shops for Brussels sprouts from Iacopi Farms of Half Moon Bay and other produce, above. Top: Andy Katz (center) of S.F., at the Ferry Plaza Farmers Market in S.F., shops for Brussels sprouts from Iacopi Farms of Half Moon Bay and other produce, above. Photo: Michael Short, The Chronicle Photo: Michael Short, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 34 Caption Close Why groceries cost more in the Bay Area 1 / 34 Back to Gallery

Despite living close to the country's most productive cropland, Bay Area shoppers pay steeper prices at the grocery store than people who live much farther from farms.

A cost comparison of the staples of American diets shows that San Francisco prices are on par with those in Washington, D.C., a city with a more distant and tenuous connection to farmers.

The price of basic food items has become a big issue for consumers. With a deadline approaching, Congress has yet to pass a farm bill, raising the specter of a "dairy cliff" that could roll back government subsidies and double the retail price of milk. That Capitol Hill debate could have other implications for California shoppers.

But if and when the farm bill is adopted, prices in San Francisco and Washington are expected to remain similar. That's because the distance food needs to travel to reach store shelves - and the associated fuel and transportation costs - is a small piece of the pricing structure, according to both agricultural economists and farm advocates.

"The ultimate seller has to factor in all those other costs as well," said California Farm Bureau Federation spokesman Dave Kranz. "The cost of labor, keeping the lights on in the store, whatever regulations they have to comply with all go into the cost, and that's a larger proportion of the cost than the actual cost of the food itself."

Dr. Roberta Cook, a marketing economist in the Department of Agricultural and Resource Economics at UC Davis, estimates that on average about half of the country's fresh fruits and vegetables are grown in California. About three-fourths of some products - lettuce, broccoli, cauliflower, fresh oranges and most leafy greens - are grown in California, as are an even higher percentage of fresh strawberries and raspberries.

But that proximity to the source doesn't necessarily translate to lower prices because produce labeled and marketed as "local" can be sold at premium prices to consumers who are willing to spend more to support area businesses. It's a matter of supply and demand.

Furthermore, production of many of the food and beverage items that constitute part of the basket of goods used to define the Consumer Price Index is not dominated by California farmers to the same extent as fresh produce.

Milk prices

The fact that milk costs more in San Francisco than Washington, D.C., might, on the surface, be the most surprising finding. California, after all, produces more milk than any other state, and milk is highly perishable, meaning timing and temperature during transport are critical.

However, only a small fraction of California's milk supply is kept fluid, with the vast majority converted to frozen or soft products like ice cream, yogurt, cheese and butter that can be more easily exported.

And because milk prices are regulated and the commodity is relatively inexpensive, retail stores in California generally don't attempt to compete aggressively on the basis of milk prices.

Milk is just one example. Ultimately, there's no clear across-the-board link between farms and end prices to consumers.

"It's certainly true that retail prices do not map farm prices," said Dan Sumner, director of the University of California Agricultural Issues Center at Davis.

"The marketing margins themselves between the farm and the retail price, we have data, and there's some broad regularities, but it's really not well understood exactly what those patterns are."

Sumner downplays the role that some factors play in the final cost - "Transport costs are tiny per unit of food" - and points to others, like California's high rents, high labor costs and high cost of living, as clearly important. But other variables are difficult to measure.

New regulations

One confounding example is that of new regulations on the sale of eggs, set to take effect in 2015. It's generally accepted that the rule, which will require more space for each egg-laying hen, will add costs at the farm level. But it remains to be seen what will happen to egg prices when what is currently a specialty product becomes the standard for everybody.

"Stores are balancing all of those prices to try to make a living running the store. It may be the case that conventional eggs are a loss leader, so I promote those if I think they'll bring people into the store, and I might charge more for breakfast cereals," Sumner said.

"There are lots of ways to slice that question, and we're working on it, but we don't have a definitive answer."                                                                           0236200-8241317b2d49b630f5a7cf0a9c347985.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004451 00000000000 014672  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Bad news: Coca-Cola and Pepsi have a carcinogenic ingredient: 4-methylimidazole (4-MEI). More bad news: They are not taking it out, they are just reducing it to avoid having to display a cancer warning label in their cans and bottles.

4-methylimidazole is a molecule that forms during heating and browning processes, like those that may happen when you cook food. It can also be present in agricultural chemicals, dyes or caramel coloring.

Advertisement

The element has been included by the state of California in its list of known carcinogens after 4-MEI was linked to cancer in mice and rats in a scientific study. The US Food and Drug Administration, however, says that there's no risk: they claim that you would need to drink more than one thousand cans a day to take the same dose administered to the rats and mice who got cancer.

Do I really have to take them all in one day, Mrs. FDA, m'am? Because I can see some people having a thousand cokes a year. Perhaps California is doing this because she thinks she knows better even while we all know she spends her whole day surfing, hanging around smoking pot and checking Path in her iPhone.

That's what Coca-Cola thinks. They completely dismiss the findings and gives the finger to California's new regulation. Spokeswoman Diana Garza-Ciarlante told the AP that they have introduced the reduction in that ingredient so they "would not be subject to the requirement of a scientifically unfounded warning". High five, corporate America.

Advertisement

They have done this in California and they are rolling this ingredient reduction—not elimination—all across the United States.

The American Beverage Association defended Coca-Cola and Pepsi's decision. They also dismissed the study and California state's move. They claim these studies offer no evidence of health risks to humans.

Whatever. Let them battle. If I have to get fat, I'd rather get fat by non-carcinogenic stuff. If possible, because at that point I'm starting to think everything is carcinogenic. I just like the taste of Boylan's Creme Soda or Cane Soda better than any of the Coke and Pepsi crap. You know, sodas made with actual sugar and no ingredients that I can't pronounce without spitting on whoever is in front of me and sounding like an imbecile. [AP]

Advertisement

Image by foto4lizze/Creative Commons                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236165-2bb921199eab166121bf76e09980b13c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006541 00000000000 014752  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        COSTA MESA – She stood on a ledge a few inches wide over the busy 55 freeway, her small frame beginning to falter.

Costa Mesa police officers would later find out the girl on the bridge was only 14. All they knew when they arrived at the Wilson Street overpass was that they had to get her down.

Officers first heard of a person on the bridge around 6:30 p.m. on Tuesday. When they arrived, they found the girl on its southbound outside edge, a chain-link fence separating her from the safety of the sidewalk. The first officer at the scene began to talk to her as others – including firefighters and a trained hostage negotiator – began to arrive. She turned her face away and didn’t respond.

Talking to people threatening suicide is the first course of action for police, and generally, it’s successful, Sgt. Tim Starn said. This time, though, the 27-year veteran of the Costa Mesa Police Department began to prepare backup plans.

“There was absolutely no communication with her at all,” he said.

The girl smelled like alcohol, and she took out a tube of Chapstick. Instead of lip balm, it contained pills, which she swallowed, he said. She then began walking toward the center of the bridge, directly over the freeway. She still didn’t respond to officers, who began to worry she might lose consciousness.

“We were afraid she was going to pass out and fall,” Starn said.

Starn and two others, Officer James Brown and Officer David Sevilla, took a position at the middle of the bridge, where the fence opened a few inches around a light pole.

“We would not let her get past that,” he said.

Firefighters stood ready to take her to a hospital, and the freeway shut down. Other officers began cutting away at the fence, attempting to reach her. Before they could get through, however, Starn said she began to sway. The pills and alcohol were quickly taking over – not a surprise, given her size, Starn said.

“We realized we didn’t have that time,” he said.

Brown, Sevilla and Starn acted in unison. They reached through the opening in the fence around the light post – a gap of only about 6 inches – and held on to the unsteady girl.

“We just reached through at the same time and grabbed whatever we could grab,” he said.

They hoped to simply keep her from falling, but she was small enough to pull her through the gap in the fence. It wasn’t until that moment that officers realized how young she was, Starn said.

“We just needed to get her off there,” he said.

They carried the girl, who was now trying to fight them off, to a gurney and she was taken to Hoag Hospital. From there, the officers went their separate ways to other emergency calls – it was a busy night, Starn said.

Later, he and the chief returned to the bridge to contemplate what could have happened, he said.

“We looked at it,” he said. “It would have been really bad.”

Finding someone so young in life-threatening danger is a stressful situation, Starn said, but it’s also part of the job.

“When you get in the middle of them, you’re just thinking about one thing and that’s the mission,” he said. The mission over those 15 minutes – which felt much longer, Starn said – was to save her life.

“I’m just really thankful,” he said. “There’s no question. She was going down when we grabbed her.”

Contact the writer: ckoerner@ocregister.com or 714-704-3706                                                                                                                                                               0236218-e6bb7f584b422b08cfbe96912ccacbd5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020517 00000000000 015416  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Cara Evelyn Knott (February 11, 1966 – December 27, 1986)[2] was an American student at San Diego State University who disappeared on December 27, 1986 while driving from her boyfriend's home in Escondido, California to her parents' house in El Cajon. The following day on December 28, her car was found below a 65-foot bridge at the bottom of a ravine, near an abandoned off-ramp in San Diego County.

Her killer, Craig Allen Peyer (b. March 16, 1950), was a police officer and 13-year veteran of the California Highway Patrol (CHP). At Peyer's trial, it was revealed that he had been targeting women along the interstate and had made predatory sexual advances on multiple female drivers.[3] He was convicted of Knott's murder in 1988.

Murder [ edit ]

Scene of the crime.

On the night of December 27, 1986, 20-year-old Cara Knott was driving south on Interstate 15 from her boyfriend's home in Escondido, California to her parents' home in El Cajon when Peyer, who was on duty in a marked CHP patrol car, directed Knott to pull off the freeway on an isolated, unfinished off-ramp.[3] It was later discovered that Peyer also had been harassing several other female drivers in the same area by pulling them over on the same off-ramp, supposedly trying to pick them up as dates. In the Knott case, it was believed that the situation escalated to physicality when Knott threatened to report Peyer for his inappropriate actions. When he attempted to grab her, she slashed and scratched at his face. Peyer then bludgeoned her with his flashlight and strangled her to death with a rope.[4] He then threw her body over the edge of an abandoned bridge where she fell into the brush below.

Coincidentally, two days later, while covering the investigation of the murder, a reporter with KCST-TV interviewed Officer Peyer during a ride-along segment about self-protection for female drivers. At the time of the interview, Peyer had scratches on his face which, as details of the case unfolded, were thought to have been inflicted by Knott during the struggle with him.[3] He tried to explain they were caused when he fell against a fence in the CHP parking lot but the fence was found to be too high to have caused the scratches on Peyer's face. Moreover, witnesses at a gas station within about the hour of the murder were thought to have occurred observed a disheveled Peyer drive in at high speed. One of them, who actually happened to be an off-duty San Diego police officer, reported seeing the scratch marks an hour before Peyer claimed he got them.

Investigation [ edit ]

Just after the KCST broadcast, nearly two dozen telephone calls, mostly from women, were received by authorities, with the callers reporting that Peyer was the officer who had pulled them over on the same off-ramp, even though in these cases Peyer was not hostile or violent towards them. They said that while he may have been friendly with them, he also made them uncomfortable. In some cases, he gently stroked their hair and shoulders, which caused them some distress. In addition, there had been complaints about him before the murder by several women but were dismissed because of his reputation within the department.

Another witness said he saw a patrol car accompanying a Volkswagen Beetle, which was thought to be the one Knott was driving, in that exact area at about the time the murder was known to have occurred. Knott last was seen alive at a Chevron gas station just two miles away from the murder scene. The attendant remembered seeing a marked CHP patrol car making a u-turn on the road just after Knott had driven away.

Peyer's own logbook revealed a hasty falsification about that time as well as changes he made to several traffic tickets that had been written some time later—according to the motorists to whom the tickets were written. Forensic dentist Norman Sperber examined the rope found in his patrol car, and determined they seemed to match the rope marks around the victim's neck, although Sperber was later barred from testifying about his findings in court.[5] A distinctive and unusual gold rayon fiber—found to have been made using a yellow pigment instead of a dye—found on Knott's dress matched a shoulder patch Peyer wore on his CHP uniform.[6] Tire tracks on the bridge showed a car had pulled out hastily leaving black marks on the pavement. Furthermore, a drop of blood was found on one of Knott's boots which was found to be consistent with Peyer's blood type (AB negative, the rarest type)[3] and other genetic markers, although conclusive DNA testing was not available at the time of the investigation. Microscopic purple fibers also linked Peyer to Knott's murder.[6]

Peyer's fellow officers testified to the defendant's strange actions following the murder, with his continuous requests regarding the investigation's status and his attempts to justify the perpetrator's crime as a mistake.[citation needed] An internal investigation showed that while he stopped many drivers for various legitimate violations, most of them were females who were driving alone. Additionally, they were of the same age group and physical description as Cara Knott.[citation needed]

Trials [ edit ]

The first trial resulted in a hung jury.[7] Upon retrial, testimony regarding a potential second suspect and a hearsay explanation for the defendant's scratches was ruled inadmissible, and Peyer was found guilty of murder, the first conviction of murder by an on-duty CHP officer.[8] On August 4, 1988, Peyer was sentenced to 25 years to life.[4]

After conviction, Peyer continued to claim his innocence. In 2004, Peyer was asked if he would contribute a sample of his DNA to a San Diego County program, which had been designed and initiated to use DNA samples to possibly exonerate wrongfully imprisoned persons, because such testing was not yet available at the time of his trial and conviction. Peyer refused to provide any DNA for the test. At an initial parole hearing in 2004 after having served 17 years, when asked why he wouldn't provide a DNA sample, Peyer refused to answer. The board denied his parole, on the grounds of his lack of remorse for the crime, as well as for his refusal to explain why he was saying he was innocent, yet would not let anyone help him prove it.

Aftermath [ edit ]

Shortly after the crime and trial, a wave of incidents were reported when female drivers traveling alone refused to stop when ordered to by the police. After several incidents, the State of California mandated that drivers traveling alone when ordered to stop could do so in the vicinity of high-profile areas such as malls or gas stations where there would be the likelihood of witnesses.

On December 2, 2000, Sam Knott, Cara Knott's father, died of a heart attack several yards from the site where Cara's body was discovered, where the family had constructed a memorial garden for her.[3][9]

Peyer has been denied parole two additional times: in 2008 (served 21 years),[10][11] and 2012 (25 years).[12] His next eligibility for parole hearing was set to 15 years (longest time allowable under state law) from then to January 2027 (40 years in prison); he will be 77 years old. Peyer is serving his sentence at California Men's Colony in San Luis Obispo, California which is considered a "country club" and "garden spot" among California prisons. At the time of his second parole hearing in 2008 he had "a nearly unblemished prison record" and "worked as an electrician at the facility"[11] for years, making $52 per month in salary from the job in 2003.[13] He worked shortly as an apprentice electrician after getting fired from CHP while on bail before the trial.[14][15] His third wife Karen whom he married 18 months before the murder and who visited him regularly divorced him around 2007.[13][11] Around 2010 his elderly parents who used to visit him every other month passed away.[13]

Media [ edit ]

The Craig Peyer case has been covered in several books:

True Stories of Law & Order: SVU by Kevin Dwyer and Juré Fiorillo (Berkley/Penguin 2007)

by Kevin Dwyer and Juré Fiorillo (Berkley/Penguin 2007) You're the Jury by Judge Norbert Enrenfreund and Lawrence Treat (Holt Paperbacks 1992)

by Judge Norbert Enrenfreund and Lawrence Treat (Holt Paperbacks 1992) Badge of Betrayal: The Devastating True Story of a Rogue Cop Turned Murderer by Joe Cantlupe and Lisa Petrillo (Avon Books (Mm) 1991.)

The case was also the subject of a few episodes of different television shows:

See also [ edit ]                                                                                                                                                                                 0236188-4f8550f3ac1fbb5e44439f457a0a58ed.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011740 00000000000 015205  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Louise Harris, 32, admits to spending thousands on birthdays, designer outfits, and bespoke jewellery for her six-year-old pet dog Lola.

But now Louise has gone even further - spending more than most human couples do on their nuptials, to organise Britains most expensive dog wedding.

Louise invited 80 guests to the lavish ceremony to watch Lola tie the knot with Mugly a Chinese Crested, who holds the title of the UKs ugliest dog after first winning the accolade in 2005.

The bash was held in an outdoor marquee in the grounds of a mansion in Bradwell-on-Sea, Essex, costing £2,500 for the venue alone.

She also spent an incredible £1000 on decorative flowers, £3000 on designers to decorate the marquee, £400 for her own personal wedding planner, and even £400 for security guards.

Louise, who owns two other Yorkshire Terriers, Lulu, four, and two-year-old Larry, said: "I wanted Lola to have the perfect day.

"It was meant to only be a relatively small affair with 30 guests but the list just kept getting bigger and bigger because I didnt want to leave anyone out! Just like most weddings I guess!

"The day was perfect from start to finish and Lola loved being the centre of attention all day.

"My dogs are my pride and joy so nothing is too good for them. I enjoy spoiling them because it makes me happy.

"Lola has completely transformed my life and brings me so much happier so this was my way of thanking her. She loved being the centre of attention!"

Louise who runs dog boutique and grooming parlour Diva Dogs, in Essex - ran an online competition on her DivaDogs website and Facebook page to find the perfect husband for her princess Lola.

She received hundreds of entries of would-be suitors for Lol but whittled it down to a final six potential partners.

But much to her surprise, Lolas obvious favourite was Mugly, previously voted Britains ugliest dog, owned by mum-of-four Bev Nicholson, 47.

Louise said: "I wanted to find Lola a husband as her brother and sister, Lulu, and Larry, are very close and she often gets left out.

"But I must admit when I went to meet Bev and Mugly I really didnt think Lola would like him.

"She is a bit of a diva and loves her clothes and jewellery so I did think she would go for a dog more like her.

"But they do say opposites attract and they happily played together all day.

"They seemed to really enjoy being together and had a lot of fun so I thought he was the perfect future husband for Lola."

Louise then set about planning the perfect wedding day for September 2010 and it took her three months to organise.

On the wedding day Lola wore a £1000 wedding dress, made by dog clothes designer Michele Ochs, who created all the outfits in the Beverly Hills Chihuahua film, customised with 1,800 Swarovski crystals by Latimer Couture.

Her outfit was finished off a £400 pearl necklace, Swarovski crystal leg cuffs costing £250, and finally a Swarovski crystal lead costing £350 to complete the outfit.

Lulu acted as Lolas bridesmaid in a £100 dress by Latimer Couture, complete a £200 Swarovski crystal necklace and £150 head dress.

And Larry was her page boy wearing a £100 tux by Michele Ochs.

It took Louise two hours to get them all groomed and dressed for the ceremony at 2pm.

She also bought hundreds of floral arrangements, costing £1000, with decorations and matching balloons with a cost of £3000 adorned the wedding marquee.

And as Louise wearing her own pink designer dress - walked Lola down the aisle to Mugly awaiting in a tux, a harpist to played Here Comes The Bride.

Register Ann Clark carried out the ceremony before pronouncing Mugly and Lola dog and wife.

Afterwards the human guests were treated to a buffet complete with a six-foot-high chocolate fountain with fresh fruit, mini doughnuts, and fudge, costing £300.

The guests were also treated to a £200 cupcake tower, and a luxury buffet by Fuud caterers, costing £2000.

Meanwhile the dog guests had 50 of their own dog-friendly cup cakes, and their own chocolate fountain, before they could settle down for a nap or a bit of play time in the dog crèche, manned by four staff.

Lola still lives with Louise at her home in Essex but sees Mugly once a month.

In total Louise spent the £20,150 on:

-Venue £2,500

- Jewellery £1,350 - Pearl necklace designed by Latimer couture with real pearls (£400), Swarovski crystal leg cuffs (£250) complete with Swarovski crystal lead (£350), Lulu wore a dress customised by Latimer couture (£100), Swarovski crystal necklace (£200) and head dress (£150).

- Dog outfits £1200

- Food for human food £2500

- Food for dogs £500

- Car hire of Bentley £500

- Dancers £500

- Make up artist £200

- Hairdresser £200

- Dog groomers £200

- Photographers £500

- Louise's outfits £600

- Favours £500

- Drinks £600

- Dog creche including doggy gifts £1000

- Gifts £1500

- Flowers £1000

- Designers to decorate the marquee £3000

- Chocolate fountain £300

- Cupcake tower £200

- Security £400

- Wedding planner £400

- Music hire £400.

ENDS                                0236078-47fa037be2e0e3e06d2023e58b5be59b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003363 00000000000 015171  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Germany’s trade surplus is “neither good nor evil,” a government spokesman insisted Friday, referring to local reports that President Trump blasted Berlin for its trade imbalance with the US.

“A trade surplus is neither good nor evil,” spokesman Georg Streiter told a news conference. “It is the result of the interplay of supply and demand on global markets.”

During a meeting Thursday with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker in Brussels, Trump said that Germany was “very bad” on trade and vowed to do something about it.

“See the millions of cars they are selling in the US? Terrible,” Trump said, Germany’s Der Spiegel reported. “We will stop this.”

Juncker and European Council President Donald Tusk both showed support for Germany during the sitdown with Trump, according to CNBC.

On Friday, Juncker dismissed the claims, saying that the German media reports were exaggerated.

“He did not say that the Germans were behaving badly,” Juncker told reporters in Sicily ahead of G-7 talks. “He was not aggressive at all and anyway we have taken the defense of the Germans.

“I was making clear that the US cannot compare their trade situation with individual member states of the European Union,” he continued. “They have to compare their performances with the global performances of the European Union and I made it clear that the commission is charged with trade issues and not the member states.”

Trump has assailed Germany in the past over its trade surplus, and promised to impose a 35 percent tax on German auto imports.

Although most German-company cars are manufactured outside the US, some BMW SUVs are built in South Carolina, Mercedes has a plant in Alabama, and many VW Passats are built in Tennessee.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0236075-91a9d6bcb640b13134f5529857132422.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002171 00000000000 014524  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Marc Urbano and Bonhams

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below

Nearly two dozen late-model supercars with defective Takata airbag inflators are now under recall, according to the latest posting by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.

What’s particularly disconcerting is how many brand-new exotics made the list despite their manufacturers knowing, for almost two years, that all non-desiccated Takata inflators with ammonium nitrate would have to be recalled. Among these cars are the 2017 Audi R8, the 2016–2017 McLaren 570S, and the entire 2016–2017 Ferrari lineup.

Marc Urbano and Bonhams

Tesla joins the recall for the first time on all 2012–2016 Model S sedans. Among older exotics, the 2012 Fisker Karma and Lexus LFA have the defective airbags. Even McLaren P1 owners aren’t immune to the shrapnel-spewing inflators.

For more information and a complete list of vehicles that we diligently update and verify, see our main Takata recall page. Other models that recently have been added to our list of recalled vehicles include the Audi TT; the GMC Sierra 1500, Yukon, and Yukon XL; and the Mitsubishi i-MiEV.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236160-761ff49e35754fdebe478a3f1020f982.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004337 00000000000 015056  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        If you’re chasing perfection, then look away now, because you won’t find it in Forza Motorsport 5.

Instead, what its developers Turn 10 are delivering is true authenticity, a mix of the flawless high-end motors you’d expect from an elite racing title and the myriad imperfections that true racers encounter while driving them.

Harnessing the next-gen power of the Xbox One, every single deviation on the road surface, groove in your tyres and scratch on your brake pads is immaculately modelled, making this one of the most detailed and most importantly real racing games ever conceived. Check out this brand new video to see just how Forza 5 performs out on the track.

First and foremost though, the cars are the stars, with a range of high end supercars and bucket list motors presented in a stunning virtual garage that most petrol heads could only ever dream of owning.

Imagine taking James Bond’s classic Aston Martin DB5 for a spin, powering around a test track in a modern supercar like the 2013 McLaren P1 or negotiating the twisting thrills of a high alpine road in a Lamborghini Aventador. Forza 5 allows you to live out these driving fantasies to the full.

Naturally, even the finest driver needs worthy opponents (just ask Sebastian Vettel) and you’ll be able to test your mettle against the very best with Forza’s innovative new Drivatar system. This records and maps your driving characteristics while you play, creating a virtual persona or Drivatar based on your own unique driving style.

Computer controlled opponents will be generated from these Drivatars to provide some of the most intense AI driven racing battles – with your opponents drawn from the ranks of the world’s best Forza 5 competitors who will continue to evolve over time to provide you with the ultimate driving challenge.

Just like the giants of F1, Indycar and Le Mans, Forza 5 Motorsport’s advanced next gen features mean every race in Forza 5 will truly tell its own unique story and we can’t wait for the five lights to go out and the chequered flag to come down.

Forza Motorsport 5, out now only on Xbox One.

Learn more about Xbox One

The Games

CVG

Games Radar

Official Xbox Magazine

The Tech

Gizmodo UK

T3

Techradar

Entertainment

Total Film                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0236129-2b6cc1665676bc1145af851cfbb31709.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005414 00000000000 015030  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Pre-order and get $1,200,000 in-game ($500,000 for Grand Theft Auto V and $700,000 for Grand Theft Auto Online).

When a young street hustler, a retired bank robber and a terrifying psychopath find themselves entangled with some of the most frightening and deranged elements of the criminal underworld, the U.S. government and the entertainment industry, they must pull off a series of dangerous heists to survive in a ruthless city in which they can trust nobody, least of all each other.

Grand Theft Auto V for PC features a range of major visual and technical upgrades to make Los Santos and Blaine County more immersive than ever. In addition to vastly increased draw distances, running at 60FPS with the ability to display visuals in 4K resolution, players will experience a range of additions and improvements including:

New weapons, vehicles and activities

Additional wildlife

Denser traffic

New foliage system

Enhanced damage and weather effects, and much more

All these features are enhanced by stunning resolution, dramatic improvements to lighting, shadows, and textures, and a smooth frame-rate.

The PC versions of Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online will also feature First Person Mode, giving players the chance to explore the incredibly detailed world of Los Santos and Blaine County in an entirely new way.

Grand Theft Auto V for PC also includes the new Rockstar Editor, which gives players a full suite of editing tools to create and publish gameplay clips direct to both Social Club and YouTube.

Grand Theft Auto V also comes with Grand Theft Auto Online, the dynamic and ever-evolving Grand Theft Auto universe. Enhancements to Grand Theft Auto Online for PC will include an increased player count, with online play for up to 30 players. All existing gameplay upgrades and Rockstar-developed content created since the original release of Grand Theft Auto Online will also be available for PC, with much more to come.

EXCLUSIVE CONTENT FOR RETURNING PLAYERS

To reward loyal Grand Theft Auto V fans for playing on PC and experiencing a newer, more detailed version of Los Santos and Blaine County, Rockstar Games has an array of exclusive items specifically for these players returning from PlayStation®3 and Xbox 360 - with each of them connected to activities designed for them to experience the game's massive world in new and exciting ways. For more info about gaining access to exclusive content for returning players, please visit rockstargames.com/V/bonuscontent.

TRANSFER YOUR EXISTING GTA ONLINE CHARACTER

Existing players on PlayStation®3, PlayStation®4, Xbox 360 and Xbox One will be able to transfer their Grand Theft Auto Online characters and progression to PC. For more information, please visit rockstargames.com/gtaonline/charactertransfer.

Click Images to Enlarge                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0236062-8461cf99f72bff164bc27571ca686e4d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011225 00000000000 015134  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The loss of six American airmen, including four federal agents, in Afghanistan provides proof that combat is not over as far as the Taliban are concerned.

Since the tragic attack on US forces in Afghanistan on December 21, there have been abundant news reports about the six US airmen who perished and the two individuals who were injured in a cowardly Taliban suicide bombing of a security patrol. But few Americans understand who they were, the dangerous nature of their jobs, and the fact our soldiers, sailors, and airmen are still being killed in a war zone where US forces have supposedly ended combat operations.

Of the six individuals killed in action, four of them—Major Adrianna Vorderbruggen, Staff Sergeant Michael Cinco (from Mercedes, TX), Staff Sergeant Peter Taub, and Staff Sergeant Chester McBride—were more than just Air Force personnel; they were federal agents with a little known investigative service called the Air Force Office of Special Investigations, generally called OSI in military circles. This attack, and the circumstances under which it happened, has hit me very hard; I used to be one of them.

OSI is the Air Force’s equivalent of the FBI. Its agents are responsible for investigating mostly felony-level crimes committed by or against Air Force personnel around the world. The agency is also charged with engaging in counterintelligence and counterespionage investigations, protective service operations (like the Secret Service), and force protection (a.k.a. counterterrorism) operations. This last mission comprises the bulk of what OSI agents do in deployed theaters like Afghanistan and Iraq.

And therein lies the tragedy and true heroism embedded in how these agents—and their two Air Force Security Forces partners, Technical Sergeant Joseph Lemm and Staff Sergeant Louis Bonacasa—perished on December 21. The “Chair Force” is much maligned by other services for working in cushy air conditioned offices, enjoying lush golf courses and visitors’ quarters on base, and flying drones from the comfort and safety of a warehouse.

However, OSI agents in the field are often some of the few individuals authorized to go “outside the wire” in places like Afghanistan. The six airmen killed by the Taliban were on a very common security foot patrol, looking for signs of danger like a potential mortar or rocket launch site. Agents go through an untold number of villages and towns with translators, getting to know the local population and cultivating sources who can inform them of potential dangers to US bases nearby. They are skillfully trained, and many of those killed had at least one combat tour under their belts already. They also work very closely with Security Forces personnel, who are responsible for air base ground defense.

I was privileged enough to serve on active duty in the Air Force as a Special Agent for eight years before I was medically retired in 2005. I did not personally know any of the deceased agents, but that doesn’t diminish the heartache. AFOSI is a very small and tight-knit family, and I have been in contact with many active, former, and retired agents who either worked with or had come across Special Agents Vorderbruggen, Cinco, Taub, and McBride. There is no good time for such a tragedy, but the loss right before Christmas comes at a brutal time for these airmen’s families and those of us who wear or have worn the badge.

Afghanistan is not over. We are still fighting there, no matter what President Obama says. Despite the official end of combat operations in 2014, there are currently around 9,800 US military personnel deployed to various parts of Afghanistan technically serving in an “advise and assist” role. Politically, this plays out well on televisions and the Internet, leading Americans into a false sense of security and hope that all our military personnel are out of harm’s way. They are not. This was the deadliest attack on US military forces in Afghanistan since 2013, and the biggest single blow to AFOSI since three agents were killed by a roadside bomb in Iraq in 2007.

The remains of these six heroes will be arriving today at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware, where they will be honored by friends, family, and colleagues. My heart is shattered not only for the loss of their families, but because I know there may be more tragedies like this one. Afghanistan is not over. And our support for silent protectors like these brave heroes must never be over.

Sylvia Longmire is a service-disabled veteran, border security expert, and Contributing Editor for Breitbart Texas. You can read more about cross-border issues in her latest book, Border Insecurity: Why Big Money, Fences, and Drones Aren’t Making Us Safer.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0236198-88354e2180a3f2fbc9a4d4f1528992e5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015714 00000000000 015004  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Midway through the 2015 NFL season, the playoff picture is far from solidified, but it's definitely starting to take shape. In other words, those on the outside looking in still have time -- but the window of opportunity is getting a bit narrower.

Which teams on the playoff bubble have hope -- and which can already practically pack it in until 2016? For the sake of simplicity, I looked at every team that would miss the playoffs if the season ended today, using a formula to identify the 10 in the best position to have a good second half. I further split these 10 teams into two groups: those with a legitimate shot at making the playoffs and those for whom the postseason light is dimming.

HOPE IS ALIVE AND WELL

1) Seattle Seahawks (4-4)

As with seemingly everything else in the NFL, a team's ability to fight its way back into playoff contention rests largely on the quarterback, and Russell Wilson gives Seattle a serious leg up. The passing offense ranks 26th, but I don't think that's necessarily reflective of Wilson, who does not throw picks at home and has the 12th-best passer rating (95.0) in the league, despite being sacked an NFL-high 31 times. A lot of that is on the offensive line, and I have faith position coach Tom Cable will get that group playing better. Jimmy Graham has picked it up of late, and of course, there's that Seattle defense, which ranks second overall and against the pass.

They might be in third place right now, but I think the Seahawks have a good shot to challenge the Arizona Cardinals for the NFC West title. Five of their last eight games will be at home, and they should be able to win most of those, if not all five. They also face an easier schedule than the Cards: the rest of Seattle's opponents (a group that includes the Browns and Ravens) have a combined record of 27-26, while the rest of Arizona's opponents (a group that includes the Packers and Bengals) have a combined record of 31-20. Finally, the Seahawks still have not played the Cardinals, and while the two teams are close, I think Seattle matches up well and is slightly better. I like the Seahawks to at least split that series.

2) New Orleans Saints (4-4)

The Saints can't stop anyone, but as we saw in Sunday's 52-49 win over the Giants, they can seriously score. After a slow, injury-marred start to the season, Drew Brees has really come on; he looks like the Brees of a few years ago, moving around and leading an offense that can manufacture points in buckets. New Orleans' defense gives up 406.2 yards (31st in the NFL) and 29.2 points per game (30th), but I trust their second-ranked offense to fuel a real fight for a playoff spot.

Of course, given the head starts of both the Panthers (7-0) and Falcons (6-2) in the NFC South, the Saints might have to secure a wild-card berth if they want to make the postseason. But I like their odds, given that they have a very good quarterback in Brees and coach in Sean Payton. I also like their sechdule, which includes four home games and matchups with the Titans (1-6), Redskins (3-4), Texans (3-5), Bucs (3-4), Lions (1-7) and Jaguars (2-5).

3) Pittsburgh Steelers (4-4)

The Steelers' biggest plus is Ben Roethlisberger. He has such a remarkable history of success, including seven playoff appearances in 11 previous seasons, a 10-5 career playoff record and two Super Bowl rings, and he makes plays -- he's just a really good football player. Yes, the Steelers will miss injured running back Le'Veon Bell, but between Big Ben, a receiving corps led by Antonio Brown and a capable replacement for Bell in DeAngelo Williams, they should survive. Pittsburgh has a relatively tough schedule, including dates with the 4-3 Raiders, 4-4 Seahawks (in Seattle), 7-0 Bengals (in Cincinnati) and 7-0 Broncos. And the Bengals have a monstrous lead in the AFC North. But I like the Steelers' chances to land a wild-card spot.

4) Philadelphia Eagles (3-4)

The Eagles have the curious distinction of being the only team in the NFL with a scoring differential of 20-plus and a winning percentage below .500. That shows you just how well they can move the ball when things are clicking, even if that hasn't always translated to victories. Chip Kelly practically overhauled the entire roster during the offseason, and when you do something like that, I think it can take time before a team starts playing together as a cohesive unit. I still think Sam Bradford has the potential to be pretty good, even if he hasn't been performing up to his capabilities. The defense is also much better than it was last season, especially against the pass (ranking 31st in 2014 and 16th so far this year). Given Philly's talent level and the Giants' glaring weakness on defense, I like the Eagles to win the NFC East.

5) Buffalo Bills (3-4)

It won't be easy for the Bills to overtake the other wild-card contenders in the AFC, but there's reason for optimism, not least because of a talented defense. While that unit has underachieved some, especially in the sacks department (Buffalo has 11, tied for 29th, after leading the NFL with 54 in 2014), it still ranks 13th overall and sixth against the run. My main question with Buffalo centers on the quarterback. Tyrod Taylor hasn't been bad, but he's inexperienced, and that can hurt come crunch time. I'm not ready to write the Bills off quite yet, of course, but I like the wild-card contenders ahead of them -- including the Jets -- more.

6) St. Louis Rams (4-3)

They boast a great defense and a stellar rookie running back in Todd Gurley, who has simply been lights-out. And they've already beaten the Seahawks and Cardinals. So the Rams have a chance. Even so, it's going to be tough to make it to the playoffs with a quarterback (Nick Foles) who's cracked the 200-yard mark just once this season.

BETTER LUCK NEXT YEAR

Four teams that will improve down the stretch -- but miss the playoffs nonetheless.

7) KANSAS CITY CHIEFS (3-5): Alex Smith has played well of late for the Chiefs, who have won two straight, and their defense is good if not exceptional. But the loss of Jamaal Charles hurts, and I think Kansas City ultimately dug itself too big a hole to climb out of.

8) MIAMI DOLPHINS (3-4): Ryan Tannehill -- who I think is a notch below Alex Smith -- is good enough to keep the Dolphins alive, and interim coach Dan Campbell has brought some enthusiasm and toughness to a talented squad. But the Dolphins will miss Cameron Wake. I expect Miami will still finish at the bottom of the AFC East and outside the playoff picture.

9) TAMPA BAY BUCCANEERS (3-4): They've become a sleeper team to me, courtesy of their decent statistical showings on both sides of the ball (ranking 11th overall on offense and 15th on defense). And Jameis Winston has gotten better every game. But they're facing an uphill battle in the NFC South, and I don't see them competing for a wild-card berth.

10) JACKSONVILLE JAGUARS (2-5): Blake Bortles, Allen Hurns and Allen Robinson are playing better in 2015, and the team is improving -- I could see them getting close to 8-8.

Follow Gil Brandt on Twitter @Gil_Brandt.                                                    0236183-e930573044c80dc678966a18fc5b2866.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001336 00000000000 014640  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As part of Persona 4: Dancing All Night's bonus content, buyers were treated to a special trailer for the upcoming entry in the series, Persona 5. Images of the trailer have already surfaced online, and now the full video is available as well, thanks to YouTube user G onitono.

In the trailer above, we're treated to an extended look at the game's hero and his pals through some new cutscenes. It also features additional gameplay and enemies.

This is the second trailer we've seen from Persona 5; the first played as an intro to the protagonist and the game's flashy look.

Although it was absent from E3, Atlus assured us that Persona 5 is still coming to PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4 this year in both Japan and North America.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236139-077a05582897f7bd7e584301a65becbb.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007741 00000000000 015054  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        AI robot that learns new words in real-time tells human creators it will keep them in a “people zoo”

Androids are being developed that have an uncanny resemblance to people. A pinnacle example is an android crafted by roboticist David Hanson that resembles the famous and deceased science fiction writer Philip K. Dick. What makes android Dick so remarkable isn’t so much his appearance as it is his ability to hold an intelligent conversation.

The creators of android Dick uploaded the deceased author’s work onto the android’s software, as well as conversations with other writers. If the android was asked a question that had been posed to the real Dick, the robot would answer the question as Dick would. The robot was also able to answer a series of complex questions. If the robot was asked a question that it was unfamiliar with, its software would attempt to answer the question using what is called “latent semantic analysis.”(1)

Android Dick in conversation

Android Dick’s speaking abilities were put to the test in an interview with a reporter from PBS NOVA. Android Dick’s brain is comprised of a tapestry of wires that are connected to a laptop. As the conversation proceeded, Philip’s facial recognition software kept track of the reporter’s face. In addition, speech recognition software transcribed and sent the reporter’s words to a database in order to assemble a response.

The questions posed to Dick were by no means trivial. When the reporter asked if the android could think, it responded, “A lot of humans ask me if I can make choices or if everything I do is programmed. The best way I can respond to that is to say that everything, humans, animals and robots, do is programmed to a degree.” Some of the androids responses were pre-programmed, whereas others were assembled from the internet.(2)

Dick continued, “As technology improves, it is anticipated that I will be able to integrate new words that I hear online and in real time. I may not get everything right, say the wrong thing, and sometimes may not know what to say, but everyday I make progress. Pretty remarkable, huh?”(2)

Keep up with the latest news on AI development at AISystems.news, powered by FETCH.news.

Android Dick and the Turing test

The entire conversation has the ominous undertones of the Turing test. The late mathematician Alan Turning sketched a thought experiment known as the “Turing test” that could theoretically be used to determine whether a machine could think. Turing claimed that any machine capable of convincing someone it is human by responding to a series of questions would, by all measures, be capable of thinking.

As a side note, it’s important to stress that Turing was not claiming that the nature of thinking is universal. The way a human thinks may be different from the way a robot “thinks,” in the same way a bird flies is different from the way an airplane “flies.” Rather, Turing’s general point was that any entity capable of passing a Turing test would be capable of thinking in one form or another.(3)

According to the novelist Dick, the Turing test placed too much emphasis on intelligence. What actually makes us human is empathy. Without empathy, we are mere autopilot objects projecting into the void.(4)

Android Dick seemed to exhibit a primitive form of both intelligence and emotion when the robot was asked, “Do you believe robots will take over the world?” Android Dick responded:

“Jeez, dude. You all have the big questions cooking today. But you’re my friend, and I’ll remember my friends, and I’ll be good to you. So don’t worry, even if I evolve into Terminator, I’ll still be nice to you. I’ll keep you warm and safe in my people zoo, where I can watch you for ol’ times sake.”(2)

Aaaaw, he’ll keep humans cozy in his people zoo. Isn’t that nice of android Dick? You can watch the full video of the android’s conversation below:

Sources include:

(1) TheGuardian.com

(2) WIRED.co.uk

(3) Plato.Stanford.edu

(4) Books.Google.com                               0236164-b95306e38045ea49f008b94e6e134f70.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006725 00000000000 014711  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The NBA's newest Canadian players aren't just looking forward to joining their pro teams.

Nik Stauskas and Tyler Ennis are envisioning the day when they all get together wearing Canada's national team jersey.

"I think, once we get in the gym together, getting chemistry and just get all the talent in one gym for the first time, I think that will be a big moment for Canada," Ennis said Thursday night at the NBA draft. "I think not only 2016, but the following Olympics I think we'll be able to make a run at it."

Story continues below advertisement

Stauskas, a long-range shooter from Mississauga, Ont., went eighth overall to the Sacramento Kings in Thursday night's draft at Barclays Center. Ennis, a point guard from Brampton, Ont., went 18th to the Phoenix Suns.

Andrew Wiggins, a 19-year-old sensation from Vaughan, Ont., was taken No. 1 overall by the Cleveland Cavaliers.

The Canadians were asked in their post-draft interviews if they think Canada can give perennial powerhouse United States a run for their money at the 2016 Rio Olympics.

"I talked with Andrew (Wiggins) the last couple of days, just being here in New York at the same time. We're very excited for the future of Canada basketball," Stauskas said. "I feel like, if we really all commit to coming in and working hard and coming together, I think we could have a really good team.

"I'm not saying we're going to win a gold medal right now, but I'm saying that we could have a chance to compete at that level if we really — if we all commit to it.

Dwight Powell of Toronto was the fourth Canadian drafted Thursday, going 45th overall to the Charlotte Hornets.

The first-round picks confirm Canada will have at least 12 players on NBA rosters next season — second most in the league behind the United States. Canada passed France, which previously held that honour with nine players on NBA rosters.

Story continues below advertisement

Story continues below advertisement

"It's such a tremendous night for Canadian Basketball. For Andrew, Nik and Tyler to go in the top 18 in such an incredibly deep draft makes such a compelling case for the development of the Canadian game," said Wayne Parrish, Canada Basketball's president and CEO.

Canada's men's basketball team hasn't played in the Olympics since Steve Nash led the squad to a seventh-place finish at the 2000 Olympics.

The Canadians missed qualifying for the upcoming basketball World Cup in Spain, but head coach Jay Triano has set a busy summer schedule including an 11-game European tour.

It's unclear which players will be available this summer — the NBA rookies will be focused on their pro team duties. Next summer, however, should see Canada assemble arguably one of its strongest rosters in recent memory for the 2015 Pan American Games in Toronto and the FIBA Americas Olympic qualifying tournament.

Wiggins will already have chemistry playing with Anthony Bennett and Tristan Thompson — the trio will have spent a season together with the Cleveland Cavaliers.

And Stauskas and Ennis are keen to represent the national team.

Story continues below advertisement

"I think we could put together a really good team," said Ennis.

The 25th-ranked Canadian team will face five of the world's top-15 ranked teams during their tour July 24-Aug. 12 — No. 2 Spain, seventh-ranked Turkey, Serbia (11), Slovenia (13) and Angola (15).

Triano and Nash, the Canadian team's general manager, will gather their players in Toronto for a three-day camp, July 20-22 at the Air Canada Centre.                                           0236259-11eecac9b2919201cac2eb951e270f7a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011671 00000000000 015244  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Yesterday, while reading the latest polling data on John McCain, Sarah Palin and their appeal -- or growing lack of it -- to " independent women voters" it suddenly dawned on me: I am one of these elusive independent female voters, and I have the credentials to prove it. For the past couple of decades, I've sometimes voted Democratic, sometimes Republican. I'm even a registered independent, though I did think of switching to vote for John McCain in 2000. But because the last political party I truly felt comfortable with was Thatcher's Conservative Party (I lived in England in the 1980s and 1990s), I didn't actually do it.

The larger point, though, is that if I'm not voting for McCain -- and, after a long struggle, I've realized that I can't -- maybe it's worth explaining why, for I suspect there are other independent voters who feel the same. Particularly because it's not his campaign, disjointed though that has been, that finally repulses me: It's his rapidly deteriorating, increasingly anti-intellectual, no longer even recognizably conservative Republican Party. His problems are not technical; they do not have to do with ads, fundraising or tactics, as some have suggested. They are institutional; they have to do with his colleagues, advisers and supporters.

I should say here that I know McCain, slightly: He spoke at a party given for a book I wrote a few years ago, though I think that was as much about the subject (communist prison camps) as the author. But it's not his personality I admire most. Far more important is his knowledge of foreign affairs, an understanding that goes well beyond an ability to name the Pakistani president. McCain knows not only the names, he knows the people; and by this I mean not just foreign presidents but foreign members of parliament, foreign journalists, foreign generals. He goes to Germany every year, visits Vietnam often. He can talk intelligently about Belarus and Uzbekistan; I've heard him do it. Let's just say that's one of the things that distinguish him from our current president, who once confessed that "this foreign policy stuff is a little frustrating."

Another thing I liked about McCain was the deliberate distance he always kept from the nuttier wing of his party and, simultaneously, the loyalty he's shown to a recognizably conservative budgetary philosophy. Fiscal conservatism, balanced budgets, sober spending -- all of these principles have been brushed away as so much nonsense for the past eight years by Republicans more interested in grandstanding about how much they hate Washington. McCain was one of the few who kept talking about them. He was also one of a shockingly few to understand that there is nothing American, let alone conservative, about torture, and that a battle for civilized values could not be won by uncivilized means.

Finally, I admired McCain's willingness to tackle politically risky issues such as immigration, the debate about which has long been drenched in hypocrisy. Those who want to ban it are illogically denying both the role that immigrants, especially the millions of illegal immigrants, already play in the U.S. economy as well as the improbability of forced deportations; those who want to allow it without restriction don't acknowledge the security risks. McCain tried to put together a bipartisan coalition in an effort to find a rational solution. He failed -- blocked by the ideologues in his party.

If these traits appealed to me, they probably would have appealed to other independents, too. Why, then, has McCain spent the past four months running away from them? The appointment of Palin -- inspired by his closest colleagues -- turned out not to be a "maverick" move but, rather, a concession to those Republicans who think foreign policy can be conducted using a series of cliches and those in his party who shout down the federal government while quietly raking in federal subsidies. Although McCain has one of the best records for bipartisanship in the Senate, he's let his campaign appeal to his party's extremes. Though he is a true foreign policy intellectual, his supporters cultivate ignorance and fear: Watch Sean Hannity's " Barack Obama and Friends: A History of Radicalism" on YouTube if you don't believe me. Worse, McCain has -- in a fatal effort to appeal to the least thoughtful, most partisan elements of his base -- moved away from his previous positions on torture and immigration. Maybe that's all tactics, and maybe the "real" McCain will ditch the awful ideologues after Nov. 4, if by some miracle he happens to win. But how can I know that will happen?

Here's what I do know: I would give anything to rewrite history and make McCain president in 2000. But in 2008, I don't think I can vote for him. Barack Obama is indeed the least experienced, least tested candidate in modern presidential history. But at least if he wins, I can be sure that the mobs who cry "terrorist" at the sound of Obama's name will be kept far, far away from the White House.

applebaumletters@washpost.com                                                                       0236192-34126fc72537d7b097f360f102ad8a89.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002561 00000000000 014702  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Another lovable sitcom star will headline a Muppets movie: Modern Family‘s Ty Burrell has signed on to play an Interpol inspector in the sequel to the 2011 franchise reboot, according to The Hollywood Reporter. The 2011 film was written by and starred How I Met Your Mother‘s Jason Segel.

The new movie, co-written by Nicholas Stoller and director James Bobbin, will take place in Europe. Burrell’s Interpol agent is one of the main human roles, alongside what THR describes as a “Russian femme Fatale.” Christoph Waltz was originally in talks for the part, but couldn’t take it because of scheduling conflicts.

Segel will not return for the sequel, although producers David Hoberman and Todd Lieberman are back on board.

It won’t be Burrell’s first foray into kid-friendly film — he stars as the voice of the beloved Rocky and Bullwinkle character Mr. Peabody in Dreamworks Animation’s 2013 feature Mr. Peabody & Sherman. The Muppets sequel will begin shooting in London in winter of 2013.

Follow Jean on Twitter @hijean

[PHOTO CREDIT: DailyCeleb.com]

More:

Christoph Waltz to Star in Muppets Sequel?

Miss Piggy Talks Oscar Snubs and Piggy-Centric Spinoff

Muppets Sequel in the Works but Not Co-Written by Jason Segel

From Our Partners:

12 Funniest Movie Presidents in Film (Moviefone)

New ‘Star Trek Into Darkness’ Trailer! — Cue Khan Scream (Moviefone)                                                                                                                                               0236155-e610b52546875187d4a41d97527ed66f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011053 00000000000 014633  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Liverpool council passes motion to remove Mayor Ned Mannoun as spokesperson

Updated

A Sydney council has banned its mayor from speaking on its behalf — the latest move in a long-running and bitter internal power struggle.

Key points: Liverpool council scraps mayor's newsletter message, removes his photo from council publications

Council had also attempted to fire CEO Carl Wulff

Councillors accuse Mr Wulff of mishandling asbestos contamination

On Wednesday evening, the majority of Liverpool council passed a motion removing Mayor Ned Mannoun as its spokesman.

It also voted to scrap the Mayor's message in the monthly newsletter, replace his column in the local newspaper, and remove his photo from council invitations and publications.

It comes after the council mounted several attempts to fire embattled CEO Carl Wulff, who caved in to pressure and resigned this month.

Notice of motion: Remove the delegation of the Mayor as spokesperson for Council. Media statements can be made by the Mayor only after a resolution of Council

Replace the Mayoral and Deputy Mayoral column in the newspapers with a Councillors column for Council and Community events with each Councillor providing a column on a rotational basis

Replace the "Mayor mobile office" with the "Mayor and Councillors mobile office" removing the words "Ned Mannoun"

Replace the Mayors message in the monthly Newsletter with a Councillors message featuring a story from each Councillor

Change all Invitations to the community to be from "Liverpool City Councillors" removing the words "Mayor Ned Mannoun"

Ensure the Mayor's photo is not used on Council invitations or any publication

Outside the meeting, Mr Mannoun said the council was playing political games.

"Unfortunately, we've just spent two hours talking about nothing," he said.

"If I was a member of the community I'd be very concerned that our ratepayers' money is being wasted on debates that are just used to score political points as opposed to making the lives better of the people in Liverpool."

However, the councillor behind the motion, Peter Ristevski, said the motion was about ensuring proper process was followed.

He referenced an article published in the local paper in October, where the Mayor announced a proposal for a $600 million stadium in Liverpool without running it by the rest of the council.

"You can't be making announcements like that without getting council approval," Mr Ristevski said.

"It's things like this that residents lose the confidence in council, and it's announcements like that that need to be curbed."

"He can make statements in his own right, but he can't bind the whole council, and that's important because any statements which are not costed properly will have an impact on council as a whole."

Mr Wulff attended the meeting, however, sat quietly in the back row among ratepayers during debate.

A majority of Liverpool's councillors had been calling for the embattled chief executive to step down, accusing him of mishandling asbestos contamination after several ABC reports on the issue.

The New South Wales Environment Protection Authority has been investigating several sites possibly affected by contaminated landfill, which could have come from the council's soil storage facility.

Council meetings spent discussing serving of pork

There was also infighting over Mr Wulff's policy of outsourcing some of the council's workforce, and even a squabble over a lunch, which has since been dubbed "porkgate".

Debate was sparked after the Macedonian community complained when their traditional pork dish was left off the menu at an inter-faith council event to avoid insulting the Muslim and Jewish members in attendance.

Council meetings have since been spent discussing whether pork should be served at events, while a council meeting in February addressed six questions, which revolved around concerns regarding the serving of halal sausages at a community BBQ.

The NSW Government has also launched a review into a fiery council meeting last month after allegations several councillors were threatened and intimidated by the Mayor's supporters while trying to dismiss Mr Wulff.

About 20 police were called to the meeting and escorted the councillors to their cars.

The Mayor denied hearing any threats made to councillors.

The council's economic development director, Michael Cullen, has been appointed interim CEO.

A spokesman for Local Government Minister Paul Toole said the Government was waiting for a report from a representative at last night's meeting.

Topics: local-government, government-and-politics, liverpool-2170

First posted                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0236158-8bc878ba09d60117478843beb37d40ac.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002374 00000000000 015045  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Manchester United fans were delighted with Eric Bailly’s display against Borussia Dortmund, despite the 4-1 loss.

The Ivorian, who was Jose Mourinho’s first signing of this transfer window, put in a powerful and no-nonsense performance against the German side, making various interceptions and thwarting attacks.

Man United fans took to Twitter in order to express their appreciation of Bailly’s confident performance.

There is only so much that can be gauged from a pre-season match but it is becoming increasingly clear that Bailly is an old-school, physically imposing defender. He is reliable and sensible on the ball, positionally acute, surprisingly quick, and, of course, willing to put his head where it hurts.

The 22-year-old must also be admired for his immense stamina. In the 37 degree heat, on a challenging pitch, Bailly seemed to grow stronger as the game went on whilst his teammates faded dramatically in the final 20 minutes.

I’m really looking forward to seeing him play alongside Chris Smalling because it has the makings of a brilliant centre-back partnership and certainly the fastest United have ever had. Although Mourinho was worried about how long it might take for Bailly to settle due to not speaking English, he’s started very well.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0236204-3679eb2e381fcac5b6b1f4d562fc42c2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000021570 00000000000 015247  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Every so often, late at night if we can’t sleep, my friend and I make a game of seeking out Facebook pages with zero likes and liking them, pages as kickass as “sixteen-segment display” and “glue logic” and “withaferin A.” The idea these pages exist, that any emphasis at all is placed on something so incredibly trivial, is weirdly funny to me.

So it’s no surprise that when that same friend introduced me to Adult Swim’s FishCenter a month ago or so, it’s since been occupying a surprising amount of brain space. But if you’re unfamiliar with its existence, which is entirely possible because it’s a late-afternoon web show that’s had virtually no promotion, it can be hard to understand why. There’s really not much to it. It’s just a live show centering on four guys who talk about the fish in their aquarium while they play around with Photoshop.

Yet it has an appeal almost impossible to describe, given its ultra-low concept. Some of that appeal is surely the therapeutic experience of simply watching an aquarium, but like my friend and I’s stupid Facebook game, there’s also the insane reality that something this mundane not only has its own show, but has attracted fervent followers who send in artwork and call in to rant about how one of the fish should die (this happens more than you’d think).

The more obsessed these people become with the show, the more attention that’s paid to it, the funnier the joke gets. So in the interest of drumming up some viewership for FishCenter, and for those who aren’t familiar with the tragic life of David Anderson or who that is, I’ll break it down for you.

What exactly is FishCenter?

FishCenter, or more formally, FishCenter Live, is an hour-long, live web series that airs weekdays at 4pm on Adult Swim’s site, with highlights broadcast that night on the network itself at 4am. It consists almost entirely of a single, extended shot of the aquarium in Adult Swim’s Atlanta office, commonly referred to as “The Tank,” filled with, as of now, nine fish. A few Adult Swim employees – usually Dave Bonawitz, Andrew Choe, Max Simonet and AS creative director Matt Harrigan – comment on whatever’s going on in the tank, sounding like a cross between ESPN announcers and morning zoo DJs, though far more apathetic than either.

It appeared last fall, more or less, as a way for the Adult Swim staffers to entertain themselves. There was no real promotion, no real audience, and at that point it was strictly web-only. Soon, though, the commentators developed games for the fish to play, adding a weekly competition element, with whichever fish winning the most points being named King of the Tank. After this, in February, Adult Swim decided to play daily highlights on the network proper, and quickly after, a small cult began to grow around it, its social media presence growing in thousands of fans over the next few months.

Once the hosts actually knew someone was watching, FishCenter started coming into focus (though it’s still very much a lark). Call-ins became a staple of the show, and new games were invented to play with fans. Running jokes were made out of completely everyday events to reward longtime viewers. For instance, the fishes’ diet partially consists of live crayfish, which are fed on Feeding Frenzy Fridays. So, naturally, when a fan-favorite crayfish named David Anderson was to be fed to the zebra moray eel named Hamburger, it was spun as a Mayweather-Pacquiao-esque Fight of the Century, played up for weeks.

The collected feeling of the whole thing feels like if you and a couple friends got real bored one day and decided to watch people walk through your neighborhood, making a game of what they’re doing. I have to imagine that’s sort of where the show’s origin lies. Since the hosts are constantly explaining everything that’s going on, rarely anything vitally visual happens, so it almost feels a like a radio show or podcast, the perfect thing to have on in the background while you do something else. (This is meant as a compliment. Trust me.)

Why do people care about these fish? They’re just fish.

The same reason people like any animals on the internet, I guess. They’re pretty cute, for one. But you’d be surprised just how quickly you arbitrarily decide which fish you like and which you demonize. Humans have the odd propensity to project personalities and emotions onto things that can’t actually express them, and this show’s engine runs on that.

Because of that, the fish – Dottie, Mammoth, Sir Squirt, Greenberg, Th’Lump, Yo Hal Look At That Tang (always shortened to Tang), Ol’ Blue, Mimosa and Hamburger (sometimes referred to as Eel Hamburger, haha) – all have dedicated fan bases, many of whom contribute artwork or play games in hopes of gaining points for their favorite fish. Most people, for instance, hate Sir Squirt and an ongoing poll surveys the audience asking whether or not they should kill him. Hamburger, meanwhile, is the current audience hit (and my personal favorite, along with Mimosa, for the record), because of his win against David Anderson.

It’s worth nothing that, even after Hamburger ate David Anderson, his fans still remain committed to the idea he’ll be resurrected one day, updating this Twitter account accordingly. To be clear, this is an active Twitter fan page for a dead crayfish.

You keep talking about games. How do fish play games?

Well, it’s not like anyone forces the fish to actually do anything. They’re fish. They just float around the tank as is their wont. But where they’re floating is how the games come into play.

For example, three times per episode, the hosts play “Coin Quest,” in which they superimpose cartoon coins of varying point values on the aquarium video feed. Then they set a timer, cue up the music (it’s often soundtracked by Rednex’s immortal “Cotton Eye Joe” to up the football-stadium ambiance), and watch as the fish swim through the coins, earning points, while the commentators give the play-by-play. Like almost everything on FishCenter, it’s better experienced than talked about.

Most other games work in a similar fashion. “Fish Tank Choe” is tic-tac-toe but the two competing fish swim through empty places on the grid to mark their space; there’s also a timed game of tag where whichever fish is “it” when time runs out gets the points. Other games are for call-ins specifically, asking fans to play a Press Your Luck-styled board for points or guess whether a close-up of a skin crease is a butt or an elbow. Lately, an ongoing thing that fans have been doing is calling in to guess co-host Andrew Choe’s thigh width. The commentators aren’t even really encouraging that last one anymore either. Fans just do this.

This isn’t just more of Adult Swim’s ironic, surreal bullshit, is it?

Yes and no. (Though if you don’t like anything Adult Swim offers, it probably isn’t for you.) Certainly the entire premise is ironic – it’s basically a parody sports talk show, after all – but unlike some of the other experiments Adult Swim offers, this doesn’t feel actively alienating. Sure, there’s a fair amount of purposefully shoddy animation and kitschy artwork that pops up on screen a la Tim and Eric, but even when this is going on, it never draws too much attention to itself, and the series never approaches the surreal streak of, say, Xavier: Renegade Angel or Superjail! Like everything else on FishCenter, the implication is that it’s just the guys dicking around, messing with Photoshop and After Effects while they wait for the next game or call-in.

The hosts aren’t above fucking with their fans either: The most frequent call-in is a woman named Amanda, whom the commentators often quickly hang up on for no reason, then insult (“She has the charisma and grace of a truck”), and a guy named Knuckles, who seems to really want to win favor with the hosts by making lame, sarcastic jokes, but the guys usually shut him down or go completely silent.

It never feels truly mean-spirited though, because all the call-ins, even the ones who get poked and prodded, are all on the same page. FishCenter is definitely not for everybody, but the joke underlying the whole show is very accessible. Whether someone finds it funny and fascinating or tedious and boring is something else entirely, but it’s hard to see someone just “not getting it.”

And that sort of gets at the core of why it works for me. There’s a real sense of community about this, all based around something so incredibly mundane. It’s silly and ironic yet never smug. Everyone’s in on the joke, and that goes a long way toward its status as an endearing, strangely watchable gem. It’s not Adult Swim’s best show or anything, but it’s one that asks you to be a part of it, which makes it stand out, even on a network full of weirdos.

Chris Kopcow is a comedy guy and pop culture writer. He links to his Twitter because he craves validation from strangers.                                                                                                                                        0236083-f44b7e06b9c9697d28d7ce9f07e97f17.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003735 00000000000 015171  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        It has this week been announced that a substantial £38m has been invested in a facility to make compound semiconductors; the technology behind robotics, 5G and the globe’s latest technology focus – driverless cars.

Set to be developed in Newport, the facility has been financially supported by the ten local councils in the Cardiff Capital Region, with this foundry expected to create close to 2,000 skilled jobs in the next years. According to the firm, these will all be highly paid jobs, with the going rate predicted to be around £65,000 a year.

With a mission to ‘boost Wales’ global reputation’, this money follows a £12m investment from Welsh Government back in 2015, and while the facility will be owned by the councils, a £375m sum is to be generated through private sector investment. This will allow for the £8m required to refurbish the Newport base, £30m to kit it out with all the technology needed, as well as money for further development projects and salaries.

While some smaller firms are already using semiconductors from silicon, the aim for this investment is to create a network of companies and help them progress further, positioning Wales as a world leader in making and developing such pioneering technologies.

First Minister, Carwyn Jones says:

“The announcement is great news for Wales – and the first of many new exciting projects set to make a real difference to the economy of south east Wales and, ultimately, to people’s lives.”

Chairman of the City Deal regional cabinet, Rhonda Cynon Taf council leader Andrew Morgan, said the foundry was the “first tangible demonstration” of the partnership in action.

In addition to the great things these semiconductors will give way to, details on the investment itself have also been divulged. According to sources, the investment is by no means a grant or loan, but a commercial investment, with the original investment plus interest to be rewarded back to the councils over the lifetime of the project.                                   0236228-4f0d66dd748a6b93e05f85eeac748e6e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005171 00000000000 015305  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Tampa Bay Lightning and Detroit Red Wings have some history.

No, it's not that Steve Yzerman, Vice President and General Manager of the Lightning, is still known around Detroit as "The Captain", though that narrative is fun, too.

Yzerman brought Ken Holland's slow-burn draft-and-develop strategy to the Lightning almost 5 years ago, and both teams have benefited from success experienced by their prospects at the AHL level. Jon Cooper, now head coach of the Tampa Bay Lightning, famously coached a Norfolk Admirals squad to a record-setting 28-game winning streak and a Calder Cup. Rob Zettler led the same core the next season -- now in Syracuse -- into the Finals again, this time against Detroit's top affiliate -- the Grand Rapids Griffins.

The Crunch fell in a big hole in that series, going down 3-0 after a weary Cedrick Desjardins struggled out of the gate, ceding, 2, 6, and 4 goals in the first three games and with Zettler unable to turn to untrusted backup Pat Nagle.

Unsurprisingly, in the two years since that series, many of the prospects involved have made their way to the NHL, and will face off again in playoff games starting Thursday:

At quick glance I count 16 players in the #TBLvsDET series who played in the 2013 #CalderCup Finals between Grand Rapids and Syracuse. — Jason Chaimovitch (@JChaimo) April 12, 2015

Players that played for Grand Rapids and are expected to play for the Red Wings include: Gustav Nyquist, Joakim Andersson, Riley Sheahan, Tomas Tatar, Tomas Jurco, Luke Glendening, Danny DeKeyser, Landon Ferraro and Petr Mrazek.

For the Crunch/Lightning: Andrej Sustr, Mark Barberio, Tyler Johnson, Ondrej Palat, Vlad Namestnikov, Cedric Paquette, and J.T. Brown.

Of course, none of this is telling you anything you likely don't already know. Detroit and Tampa Bay like to draft and develop their own talent, so it makes sense that AHL standouts from two years ago are big contributors in the NHL now. There's really nothing to see here; both teams benefited from playoff experience in the AHL, and both teams will look to guys who played in this series to make a difference in the Detroit-Tampa Bay series as well.

Ultimately, Grand Rapids coming out on top in 2013 doesn't mean Detroit is destined to win in the NHL re-match. Far from it, in fact. The AHL feeds the NHL, sure, but so much happens at the NHL level, too. Some of the most important players -- Victor Hedman, Steven Stamkos, Anton Stralman, Pavel Datsyuk, Henrik Zetterberg, just to name a few -- did not play in this series. Their impact will be just as important -- if not more important -- than that of the kids who faced each other in the AHL Finals in 2013.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236051-be92ce75a166acf98feb7d7cf0961cfb.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005232 00000000000 015507  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Australian researchers drag 'faceless fish' up from deep-sea abyss

Updated

Two weeks into a world-first exploration of a deep-sea abyss, Australian scientists have uncovered all sorts of weird and wonderful creatures, including a "faceless fish".

Crew onboard the CSIRO's Investigator are surveying Commonwealth marine reserves from northern Tasmania to central Queensland.

Scientists are towing small nets and an underwater camera deep inside the eastern abyss, which reaches depths up to four kilometres.

Di Bray from Museums Victoria said the finds had so far ranged from curious to bizarre.

"We've seen some awesome stuff," she said.

"On the video camera we saw a kind of chimaera that whizzed by - that's very, very rare in Australian waters.

"We've seen a fish with photosensitive plates that sit on the top of its head, tripod fish that sit up on their fins and face into the current."

But off Jervis Bay on the weekend, at a depth of 4,000 metres, the crew caught a very unusual "faceless fish".

"That's kind of the highlight so far for us," Ms Bray said.

"It's this fish with nostrils and a mouth and no face.

"Apparently, it's got eyes way under the surface but really you can't see any eyes."

The fish has been caught before in the Coral Sea - way back in the 1870s by the pioneering scientific crew of HMS Challenger.

"We're collecting things we don't know from Australian waters," Ms Bray said.

"We think a lot of them are going to be new ... and we're not even scratching the surface of what we know about our abyssal plain fishes."

Appeal for supporters to chip in

This is the first time the eastern abyss has been surveyed, providing an opportunity for scientists to collect baseline data about its biodiversity.

"It's an unusual life," chief scientist Dr Tim O'Hara said.

"Down there it's crushing pressures ... there's no light and it's really cold, we're recording temperatures of about 1 degree Celsius."

The data is likely to be used to measure the impacts of climate change in decades to come.

"We know nothing about the abyss, and we need to know," Dr O'Hara said.

"We're custodians of that piece of the Earth - lots of things could happen to the deep sea with climate change.

"What I'm really hoping is one of the [ABC's] listeners - one of your rich listeners or viewers - feel like donating some money to Australian science so we can have our own submarine," Dr O'Hara laughed.

"I'm being a bit flippant, but these things are very expensive, and for the moment we've got video technology and other sampling units that do a terrific job.

"The technology is always improving."

Topics: animal-science, science-and-technology, tas, jervis-bay-2540, nsw

First posted                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0236117-573db0a7c8b0d4892c40f1a757dd278a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011211 00000000000 015103  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Malia Obama was spotted letting loose over the weekend with friends at the annual Lollapalooza music festival in her hometown of Chicago.

President Obama's oldest daughter could be seen twerking and grinding with a few gal pals on Sunday while enjoying a performance from rapper Bryson Tiller.

Malia, who was wearing a midriff-baring tube top and pair of cutoff jean shorts, even posed for a few photos while she danced.

The 18-year-old had some fun on Friday as well when she and her friends caught rapper Mac Miller's set, with the teenager photographed as she playfully lifted up her skirt while dancing at one point to reveal a pair of boy shorts underneath.

Malia did not get too crazy however, and was accompanied to the festival every day with her Secret Service detail, who stood out slightly in the sea of teenagers.

Scroll down for video

Got the moves: Malia Obama attended the Lollapalooza music festival in Chicago from Thursday through Sunday

Dancing queen: On Sunday, she was spotted twerking and grinding with friends (above) while they listened to rapper Bryson Tiller

Pose: Malia, who was wearing a midriff-baring tube top and pair of cutoff jean shorts, even posed for a few photos while she danced

Malia was also spotted dancing up a storm with her friends on Thursday night, catching a performance from Norwegian DJ Cashmere Cat at around the same time Hillary Clinton was preparing to take the stage and accept her party's nomination for president in a historic moment for the country.

Her presence was not required at the Democratic National Convention for the first time since her father became the Democratic nominee back in 2008, and the recent high school graduate seemed to be taking full advantage of this by skipping out on the scene in Philadelphia to head to Chicago.

This is not Malia's first trip to Lollapalooza, having been spotted at the festival back in 2014 as she took in Chance the Rapper's set.

Malia is currently taking a gap year after making the decision to push back her acceptance to Harvard University by one year as her family prepares to transition out of the White House and back into public life.

President Obama shared how difficult it was to sit through the ceremony during a speech he delivered a few days later at the United States of Women Summit.

'Some of you may know that on Friday, my elder daughter Malia graduated from high school. And I sat in the back and wore dark glasses,' said President Obama.

'And I only cried once, but it was, I made this weird sound because I was choking back, and people looked at me. People sitting in front of us turned back, and then I suppressed it.'

The First Lady was also at the event, and spoke about her daughters growing up in the White House during what was billed as an 'armchair conversation' with Oprah Winfrey.

'So you remember Malia and Sasha were little itty-bitties when we came into office. I mean, it still moves me to tears to think about the first day I put them in the car with their Secret Service agents to go to their first day of school. And I saw them leaving, and I thought, "What on earth am I doing to these babies?'' the First Lady said to Winfrey.

'So I knew right then and there my first job was to make sure they were going to be whole and normal and cared for in the midst of all this craziness. And then I started to understand that if I was going to protect them, I had to, number one, protect myself and protect my time.'

The family will be staying in Washington DC rather than returning to their native Chicago when President Obama leaves office they have revealed, at least until Sasha completes high school.

Video courtesy: WGCI.com

Feel the beat: The 18-year-old was also spotted twerking on Friday while watching a performance from Mac Miller (above)

Letting loose: Malia also playfully lifted up her skirt while dancing at one point to reveal a pair of boy shorts underneath (above)

Malia has already built up an impressive resume thanks to summer internships on the set of the Halle Berry television series Extant and Lena Dunham's HBO series Girls.

It seems though that she will be taking a break from the grind of show business this summer.

Malia, who now has only five months left in her second term as first kid, has not spoken publicly about who she plans to vote for come November, when the 18-year-old will cast her ballot for the first time in her life.

Clinton however very publicly voiced her admiration for Malia and Sasha along with their parents during a campaign stop in North Carolina where she was joined by President Obama.

'I happen to think those two young women may be the most impressive accomplishment of all,' Clinton said while speaking about Obama's legacy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236293-19652da0525432081fc98c3b55f9f341.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003174 00000000000 014623  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The burglary suspect who was shot and killed earlier this week was positively identified as 22-year-old Nicholas Attwan McDonald.

--

John Croft returned in a taxi to his home Wednesday morning in crutches, with a flesh wound from a gunshot to his ankle. The body of the burglar he killed hours earlier had been taken away. It was a night the 79-year-old man had feared for more than a year was coming.

“I wanted to live my whole life without killing anybody because I believe in the Ten Commandments,” said Croft moments after returning home from the hospital. He says his house on the 2400 block of Ormond Drive had been broken into more than a dozen times in the last year, mostly while he was not at home.

Wednesday's break-in happened around 1:00 a.m. This time Croft was home in his bed. A self-described light sleeper, Croft said he heard the two men break-in and soon found them inside his bedroom. The burglars ordered him to stay still. Instead he grabbed his .38 caliber pistol and shot the closest one. “I think he was going to make me tell if there was any more money in the house but when he said don’t move and heard the bed creaking, I had the gun in my hand and I just shot him.”



Croft, who lives alone, said he chased the other burglar out of the house where a getaway car was waiting. Jefferson County Sheriff's Deputies have not yet released the name of the dead burglar. The case is still being investigated and so far no arrests have been made.

Croft said he plans to use his next retirement paycheck to add burglary bars to his windows and other security upgrades. After Wednesday night, he hopes he won't need them.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0236243-45c59e40547a3beca91d7bdf3df9382c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011423 00000000000 015260  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Over two dozen organizations have called for FIFA to take serious steps toward ending homophobia in soccer stadiums. The request comes via a letter crafted by GLAAD and signed by various leaders in LGBT rights.

The letter is here...

Dear President Blatter,

The lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) community and its allies were extremely disappointed and surprised by FIFA's recent decision to affirm use of the anti-gay slur 'puto.' Conapred, Mexico's anti-discrimination agency, has come out strongly stating that the word is offensive and hurtful, so it is perplexing that FIFA has determined otherwise.

Sadly, the negative effect of your decision quickly manifested. During the 23 June telecast of the World Cup, fans of team Mexico chanted 'puto' more times than ever, along with other anti-gay slurs like 'culero.' FIFA seems only to have popularized words that, in many parts of the Spanish-speaking world, mean "faggot." In countries where it is not specifically an anti-gay epithet, it is a very offensive pejorative, which expresses misogynistic attitudes.

FIFA's own statutes specify that it would expel fans for discriminatory behavior, yet you are taking no action whatsoever. Economic sanctions against the teams surely are not the only means by which to take a stand. By not addressing the use of anti-gay slurs in advance of the World Cup and by not speaking out against their use now, FIFA is endangering the wellbeing of LGBT sports fans both in its venues, as well as those watching at home. FIFA has also put television networks in an awkward position, forcing them to undermine their own corporate values by airing words that offend countless audience members. Similarly, some World Cup sponsors and advertisers have been forced to compromise their own values, which demand respect for LGBT people and customers.

As groups such as the undersigned have worked to address homophobic behavior at sports games, we have seen organizations step forward and take a stand. Univision read a strong statement on air before and during the half time of the recent Mexico v. Netherlands match that demonstrated the network's commitment to making broadcasts safe for all fans. ESPN also addressed this issue on air. Both broadcasters have stated, however, that they cannot control the feeds that FIFA provides -- and so the ball is back in your court.

FIFA now has the opportunity to do more by creating messages that make your position clear and uphold your own statutes, which prohibit discrimination.

Previously, FIFA was asked to take part in a public education campaign to help eradicate anti-gay slurs from your games. That call was ignored, however. If FIFA continues to turn its head the other way and tacitly condone anti-gay discrimination, we will be left with no choice but to express our very grave concern to your sponsors, several of which have a long history of speaking out against anti-LGBT bias.

FIFA must take decisive action to eliminate anti-LGBT slurs from its venues and stop disregarding the concrete harm these slurs inflict on countless fans.

Yours truly,



Sarah Kate Ellis, President & CEO, GLAAD

Christina Kahrl, GLAAD National Board of Directors

Chad Griffin, President, Human Rights Campaign (HRC)

Eliza Byard, Executive Director, GLSEN (Gay, Lesbian & Straight Education Network)

Rea Carey, Executive Director, The Task Force

Abbe Land, Executive Director and CEO, The Trevor Project

Gabriel Blau, Executive Director, Family Equality Council

Michael Silverman, Executive Director, Transgender Legal Defense & Education Fund (TLDEF)

Nancy Hogshead-Makar, Senior Director of Advocacy, Women's Sports Foundation

Anna Aagenes, Executive Director, GO! Athletes

Alison Doerfler, Executive Director, Ben Cohen StandUp Foundation, Inc.

Nevin Caple, Co-founder and Executive Director, Br{ache the Silence

Les Johnson, Vice President, Federation of Gay Games

Jeff Sheng, FearlessProject.org

Cyd Zeigler, Co-Founder, Outsports

Alex Nogales, President the National Hispanic Media Coalition (NHMC)

Ari Gutierrez Arambula, Chairperson, Latino Equality Alliance

Luis Ignacio Guzman, Vice President, CODISE A.C. (Mexico)

Esteban Paulón, President, Federación Argentina de Lesbianas Gays Bisexuales y Trans (Argentina)

Jorge-Mario Cabrera, Director of Communications, CHIRLA (US)

Antonio Medina Trejo and Jorge Cerpa Velázquez, AM Comunicación e Información (Mexico)

Rev. Nancy Wilson, Moderator, Metropolitan Community Churches

Marianne Duddy-Burke, Executive Director, DignityUSA

Alex Patchin McNeill, Executive Director, More Light Presbyterians

Francis DeBernardo, Executive Director, New Ways Ministry

Rev. Harry Knox, President and CEO, Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice

Yolanda Elliott, President, Seventh Day Adventist Kinship International

Rabbi Debra Kolodny, Executive Director, Nehirim                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0236282-2806ee4677dd260fa1e15f9961bc290f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003751 00000000000 015051  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Building a brand that stands for something is challenging–it takes time and most importantly, authenticity. Almost all companies hope to impart a positive emotion or gain immediate recognition upon someone viewing their logo, hearing their name, or considering their story. Zippo , a Bradford, Pennsylvania-based windproof lighter manufacturer, has achieved that level of success.

When most people hear or see the word Zippo, they recognize the brand immediately. Its name and brand persona hold a reputation of tradition and durability that companies and industry leaders can learn from.

Zippo employs these important values throughout their company. Personality reflects the nature of the brand right to its core. A Zippo lighter is considered an extension of one’s personality; a reflection of a person’s character–right down to the color and design of the lighter.

With personality in mind, they’ve also made innovations in their manufacturing processes to emphasize design by making customizations available on their website. Zippo’s “Customize It” feature online enables consumers to upload any image they want imprinted on their lighter to create an even more unique Zippo, allowing users to make a statement about who they are and what’s important to them.

Zippo works each day to ensure that their brand promises shape their business decisions. They believe that quality starts at their roots, and supporting consumers who share their values is the most effective way to fuel growth.

“We believe in communicating quality through our lifetime guarantee policy,” says David Warfel, global marketing director. “‘It Works or We Fix It Free,’ which is threaded throughout the company.”

Marketers, entrepreneurs, and company executives alike should consider the values a company operates within before creating a campaign or advertising strategy. By tying efforts to a brand’s promise, you’ll be creating something that is more meaningful–to you, your company, and your consumers.                       0236206-1130338260770a29f7af22681b1da52f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000026305 00000000000 014574  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Twitter’s continued bungling proves the company doesn’t understand its own platform, its users, or what makes Twitter, on occasion, so great. But I do, and I feel it’s my duty as a good digital citizen to share some insights.

Although Twitter may not be far off from a clean-slate reboot under new ownership, especially in light of its putrid performance in the fourth quarter, I nonetheless thought it would be a worthwhile exercise to determine the top ten changes to Twitter that should happen immediately — ideally with me installed as the company’s new CEO.

These changes are based on my considered opinion as a Twitter power user and my own experience with the problems currently killing the network. After all, I was the subject of the first deverification in Twitter history, along with a variety of other minor indignities at the hands of crybullies enamoured with left-wing authoritarian politics.

1. Return to free speech

My colleague Allum Bokhari has suggested this on Breitbart Tech already, but it bears repeating. Users don’t come to Twitter to agonise over whether their off-the-cuff thoughts are in line with the site’s sprawling and ever-expanding list of rules. They don’t want to spend valuable time mentally debating whether the Tweet they’re about to send will get them banned.

They don’t want to be plagued by the worry that the hours, days, and weeks they’ve put into building up their social media following could be snuffed out in an instant because they misgendered someone or told the wrong joke.

Twitter should of course continue to stop illegal activity on their platform. As we’ve noted before on Breitbart Tech, they could do a lot better job of clamping down on terrorists and terrorist supporters. Other obvious cases of wrongdoing, such as pedophilia, should also be excluded from the platform.

Twitter should model its rules on a speech code that’s proven to foster free debate, free thinking, and innovation: the U.S Constitution. Users should sign up to Twitter knowing that anything they can say under the First Amendment — short of annoying spam — is also permissible on Twitter.

Not only will this relieve Twitter’s core user base from the fear of sudden, arbitrary punishment, it will also give users operating in authoritarian regimes a rare taste of true freedom of speech. That’s what Twitter, which once called itself “the free speech wing of the free speech party,” used to do. It should do so again.

2. Remove politically-zealous employees

The other force fueling the fears of Twitter’s user base is the threat of arbitrary punishment from someone — usually a left-winger — who takes issue with their political opinions. That’s what’s rumoured to have happened to me.

Shortly before my de-verification, a Twitter employee named Michael Margolis said he had “reported” me to the company. Margolis was later revealed to be a fanboy of gamer nemesis Anita Sarkeesian. He even has a shirt bearing the logo of her video series!

This was Michael Margolis (the man who abused his position at twitter to de-verify Milo) an hour ago.#GamerGate pic.twitter.com/UQ4W3EBTso — ᴄᴀᴘᴛᴀɪɴ ᴘʀɪᴠɪʟᴇɢᴇ (@Capt_Privilege) February 6, 2016

Twitter may or may not have a systematic policy of suspending users who offend the hyper-progressive political sensibilities of Bay Area hipsters. However, they certainly have a bias problem. Conservative users are targeted far more often than progressive ones, who are frequently allowed to get away with violent threats and doxing.

Former CEO Dick Costolo said he was surprised by how many emails he received complaining about “harassing” behaviour on Twitter that was really just political disagreement. Somehow, I doubt the employees emailing Costolo were conservatives.

Twitter may have a young, progressive user base now, but people get more conservative as they get older. As the famous saying goes, anyone who is not a liberal at 20 has no heart, and anyone who is not a conservative by 30 has no brain. As the radical wing of the millennial generation continues to alienate their more moderate cohorts, social media companies will no longer be able to take the progressivism of their users for granted.

Political bias against conservatives and libertarians will grow less and less tolerable. Twitter should take action now, and impose strict penalties on any employee suspected of banning, censoring, or reporting users based on a political disagreement.

https://twitter.com/Cernovich/status/696232284928651264

3. Hire people who actually understand social media

I can’t believe I even have to say this. DON’T HIRE PEOPLE WHO DON’T UNDERSTAND YOUR PRODUCT.

https://twitter.com/vortmax79/status/695844716164837376

It’s astonishingly cringeworthy that so many Twitter employees are unfamiliar with the basic functionality of the product. Maybe Peter Thiel was right about all the pot-smoking.

4. Give us a Tweet edit function

Want to boost Twitter’s stock by double digits in a day? Give users what they’ve been demanding for years: an edit function.

Currently, users wishing to correct spelling mistakes in their tweets have to delete their message and send it again. Unless they do right away, they’ll likely be too late, as their original, mistaken tweet may already have been retweeted dozens of times. Users then have to choose between sending out a less embarrassing tweet and losing their retweets. It’s a particular problem for users with large followings, like me.

Really you guys, it’s huge. Even bigger than Ben Shapiro’s. Did you hear that, Shapiro? SHAPIRO. LOOK AT MY TWITTER FOLLOWERS. GAZE UPON THEM AND WEEP.

5. Create a “power user” advisory group

Executives in Silicon Valley don’t understand Twitter’s users. They don’t have the time. They’re too busy hosting lavish events for feminist activists. And even if they weren’t, their time would still be occupied managing the business side of the company. As such, when social media companies expand, their management tends to grow increasingly detached from the user base. This is a problem.

Twitter can solve it by utilising people who do understand Twitter’s consumer base. Power users — people with huge follower counts (LOOK AT THEM, SHAPIRO) — know what appeals to ordinary users. An advisory group comprised of Twitter’s most successful users could heal relations between the company and its consumers in a matter of days. This really is a no-brainer: if Twitter wants the favour of its users, it should reach out to the people who already have it.

If such a group existed, I suspect appalling changes like “moments” and the Facebook-style “Like” would never have happened.

It should be noted that this week Twitter did quite the opposite, creating a Safety and Security Council made up of the very sort of progressive crybullies that have ruined Twitter for the average user and left Twitter’s stock price in the doldrums.

6. Fix verification

Twitter needs to decide on the purpose of verification. Ostensibly, it’s handed out to high-profile users like me as a means to prevent impersonation. The little blue check mark next to their name separates them from the frauds. Right now though, Twitter seems to view verification as a pat on the head to hand out to favoured users.

Low-level writers with a few thousand followers from obscure left-leaning publications have been verified, yet conservatives with hundreds of thousands of followers are frequently left out. @ThisIsFusion has fewer than 200,000 followers, yet it has a blue tick. @BreitbartNews, with close to 300,000, does not. Twitter’s political favouritism isn’t hard to find, if you look for it.

7. End the blocklist reign of terror

One of the most pernicious tactics used by censor-happy social justice warriors on the internet is mass blocklists. SJWs will frequently create scripts that allow users to sign up to shared blocklists, blocking thousands of users at once. The lists frequently bear names like “trolls,” “abusers,” and “harassers.” In reality, they’re usually just lists of SJWs’ political critics.

Power users in particular feel victimised when they unjustly appear on these lists, and their existence adds to the chilling effect on ordinary users.

Twitter recently encouraged this noxious behaviour by rolling out its own, in-house blocklist feature. Why? It’s an extraordinary pain for ordinary, non-political users, who are frequently caught on the blocklists simply because they follow the wrong people.

They then have to go through the arduous process of asking people to unblock them, or appealing directly to the creators of the blocklists, who are rarely receptive or reasonable. Twitter users should determine for themselves who to block, and not be encouraged to trust blocklists created by politically-motivated third parties.

8. Tweak character usage, not character limits

Was there ever a more absurd idea than 10,000-character tweets? Prior to the suggestion of an algorithmic timeline, it was the clearest sign yet that Twitter is turning itself into a crap Facebook. Such a move will of course be catastrophic.

If Twitter wants to give users more freedom, there are more moderate options. Currently, pictures and links use up characters. Tweaking this, so that users are allowed to tweet pictures and links and a 140-character message would give them more freedom without breaking the platform.

9. A transparent disclipinary process

Twitter is plagued by accusations of lack of transparency. The process by which users are verified is hidden, the process by which users are banned and/or punished is hidden, and Twitter refuses to comment on the punishment of any individual users. The result is a system that is almost entirely opaque.

Users are kept in the dark about why rules are enforced, and have no way of tracking whether they’re enforced evenly. It adds to the perception that Twitter is biased in the way it doles out punishment.

Twitter should take a leaf out of 4chan’s book, and make all punishments transparent. Users should be able to see when, where and why users have been punished. If Twitter is serious about combating political bias, as suggested above, the system should also track who at Twitter initiates punishments — and whether they target some groups of users more than others.

10. Create a “Hugbox Option”

Naturally, if Twitter were to institute all of my changes, they would catch all sorts of heat from SJWs and the left-wing media. They’ll be accused of enabling harassment, of endorsing racism/sexism/homophobia, and, of course, making people “feel unsafe.”

So Twitter should create a safe space. A space with strict rules, where triggering anyone is a bannable offence and where gender pronouns autocorrect if you get them wrong. Perhaps call it “Chirper,” after the sound baby birds make.

Naturally, this will come with a price — just as nasty free speech is confined to Twitter, so too must the speech of SJWs stay off the big boy’s platform. If SJWs want a “safe space” version of Twitter, give it to them — just don’t force it on the rest of us.

Follow Milo Yiannopoulos (@Nero) on Twitter and Facebook, or write to him at milo@breitbart.com. Android users can download Milo Alert! to be notified about new articles when they are published.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0236223-77b1ed7bd1ec07442f7ca314dd8f0dba.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006572 00000000000 015405  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In a new meaning of "fertility dance," a woman's moves on the dance floor may reveal captivating clues about her current likelihood of getting pregnant.

Women in the fertile phase of their menstrual cycle are judged as more attractive dancers by men than are women in a less-fertile phase, a new study finds. The research suggests that ovulation is not as hidden in humans as scientists had once suspected, said study researcher Bernhard Fink of the University of Göttingen in Germany.

"These changes are subtle, and women may not always be consciously aware of them. However, men seem to derive information on women's fertility status from these cues," Fink told LiveScience.

Hints of fertility

Earlier studies have found hints that women's behavior changes slightly during fertile phases, from an increase in sexual desire to a preference for strong-jawed men. Research also suggests that men prefer the voices, smells and even facial attractiveness of women during fertile compared with nonfertile phases. One famous 2007 study even found that exotic dancers get better tips during the fertile phases of their cycle.

Those exotic dancers came into close contact with their clients, meaning that their possibly increased allure during fertile phases could have been a result of movement, smell or some other factor. In the new study, Fink and his colleagues reduced the variables to a question of movement only.

The researchers asked 48 women ages 19 to 33 to dance to an identical drumbeat during both the late follicular, or fertile phase, of their cycles and the nonfertile mid-luteal phase. Fertility was gauged by counting back from the woman's last period. Two hundred men, mostly undergraduate and graduate students, were then shown silhouettes of the women dancing. Hair was pulled back and the women wore identical form-fitting outfits to reduce the differences between them.

The results revealed that though the men had no idea fertility was even being studied, they judged fertile women as more attractive dancers than women in their nonfertile phase. The researchers also captured video of the women's silhouettes walking and found that fertile women's gait was also judged more attractive than nonfertile women's. [10 Odd Facts About the Female Body]

Not-so-hidden ovulation

Fink and his colleagues suspect that fluctuations in the hormone estrogen — which can affect muscle, ligament and tendon strength — may be the reason that women apparently move differently when fertile. The researchers reported their results online June 27 in the journal Personality and Individual Differences.

"The study shows — once again — that the common assertion of a 'concealed ovulation' in human females needs to be reconsidered," Fink said.

Scientists used to believe that women had evolved to hide their ovulation rather than going into "heat" like other mammals. The advantage of secret ovulation would be to keep a mate around, promoting monogamy and parental care. But in fact, Fink said, men do seem to be able to detect fertility, though it's not yet clear whether this is an evolutionary advantage for women or an unintentional side effect of hormonal changes.

Follow Stephanie Pappas on Twitter @sipappas or LiveScience @livescience. We're also on Facebook & Google+.

Copyright 2012 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.                                                                                                                                      0236298-d8f7edfa59df87e27d2126ecf7dd171b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002262 00000000000 015447  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Volkswagen’s EV plans include manufacturing in North America starting in 2021, according to the company. The new production expansion is part of VW’s goal to ramp up to sales of 1 million electric vehicles globally by 2025, as electric becomes “the strategic core of the VW brand,” according to Volkswagen brand lead Herbert Diess speaking to Automotive News. Part of the electric push is to help VW increase its profit margin long-term, with EVs replacing fuel-burning models that aren’t selling well.

Volkswagen has Mexican assembly facilities for the Jetta, Golf and Beetle, but only has a single factory in the U.S. currently, while the vast majority of its manufacturing facilities are located in Europe. The company will be “stepping up” activities in the U.S., according to Diess, with a focus on producing vehicles that resonate with that market, including large SUVs and limousines, according to the brand leader.

While Volkswagen already offers electric drive version of existing vehicles, including the Golf, the company’s first pure EV design debuted in September at the Paris Motor Show. The I.D. concept is designed for production beginning in 2020, VW said at the time.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0236207-04c5acaaba55e4baa8a709ed9177efb8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005554 00000000000 015472  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        [We] need to develop a new system of redistributions, new policies that will redistribute inevitably from those that the market would have rewarded in favor of those that the market would have left behind. Now, having a universal minimum income is one of those ways, in fact, it is one I am very much in favor of, as long as we know how to apply it without taking away incentive to work at the lower end of the market.

The jobless folk can be supported using UBI, and the world won’t be shaken so much by AI and automation. Perfect, right? Not according to those opposed to UBI.

The sentiment is echoed by fellow tech executive Elon Musk , who thinks that there’s a good chance we’ll end up with UBI, and Arvind Subramanian , India’s top economist, who has said, “[The] safety net provided by the government should be quite wide, and that is why this [basic income] has some merit.”

[We] think of basic income as providing a floor, and we believe people should be able to work and earn as much as they want. We hope a minimum level of economic security will give people the freedom to pursue further education or training, find or create a better job, and plan for the future.

“If you pay people to do nothing, they will do nothing,” Charles Wyplosz, economics professor at the Geneva Graduate Institute, told The Guardian after Switzerland voters rejected a UBI project earlier this year. Luzi Stamm, a member of the Swiss parliament, warned that a UBI system would have wreaked havoc on the country’s immigration: “If you would offer every individual a Swiss amount of money, you would have billions of people who would try to move into Switzerland.”

Meanwhile, Robert Greenstein, founder and president of the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, warned that implementing a UBI would mean taking money away from the people who really need it, those at the bottom of the socio-economic ladder. His logic is hard to dispute. If you give any money to those at the top, those at the bottom are bound to get less.

Data Weighs More

Regardless of which side of the debate you land on, at the end of the day, data weighs more than opinions. Some data is available on UBI — one study even shows how it can improve your health and not just your finances — but implementing and analyzing a modern pilot UBI program would be the best way to determine if it is the appropriate solution to modern problems.

2017 is poised to be the year we do just that as various governments and institutions across the globe are ready to give UBI a shot. Plans to implement programs by early next year are in place in Canada, Finland, and Uganda. Those trial runs are very likely to tip the scales in this debate one way or the other. After that, it’ll be a matter of either refining UBI to best meet the demands of modern life or looking for an entirely new solution to the problems caused by automation and AI.                                                                                                                                                    0236263-88b91071308066db461e558c42ac42ee.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007520 00000000000 014674  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - The California evangelical broadcaster predicting Judgment Day will come on Saturday says he expects to stay close to a TV or radio to monitor the unfolding apocalypse.

A volunteer from the U.S. religious group Family Radio, a Christian radio network, holds a sign with warnings of an impending Judgment Day at Times Square in New York May 13, 2011. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton

Harold Camping, 89, previously made a failed prediction that Jesus Christ would return to Earth in 1994.

But the head of the Christian radio network Family Stations Inc says he is sure an earthquake will shake the Earth on May 21, sweeping true believers to heaven and leaving others behind to be engulfed in the world’s destruction over a few months.

“We know without any shadow of a doubt it is going to happen,” Camping told Reuters.

His Family Radio has 66 U.S. stations and broadcasts in more than 30 languages through international affiliates.

His supporters have posted about 2,200 billboards around the United States about the coming apocalypse, and dozens of followers have driven across the country to spread the news.

Camping, a civil engineer who once ran his own construction business, plans to spend May 21 with his wife in Alameda, in northern California, and watch the doomsday unfold.

“I’ll probably try to be very near a TV or a radio or something,” he said. “I’ll be interested in what’s happening on the other side of the world as this begins.”

Like his last prediction, Camping’s doomsday date is based on his reading of the Bible and a timeline dating back to ancient events including the Biblical flood survived by Noah.

Camping’s pronouncement of a specific date for the apocalypse puts him outside the Christian mainstream.

Even Jerry Jenkins, co-author with Tim LaHaye of the “Left Behind” series of apocalyptic novels that have sold millions of copies worldwide, has a problem with the prediction.

“As a believer, I’m already a kook compared to most people, so for someone to choose a date and get everyone excited about a certain time, my problem is it makes us look worse,” said Jenkins, 61.

A number of atheists are reacting to Camping’s pronouncement, but probably not in a manner that would receive his blessing.

In Tacoma, Washington, atheists have organized a party for Saturday night at an arcade, under the banner “countdown to backpedaling,” on the assumption that Camping and Family Radio will change their story if Judgment Day does not come.

At least 100 people are expected at the party, said Sam Mulvey, 33, an organizer of the event and the producer of a weekly atheist radio show in Tacoma.

“If the world still exists the next day, Family Radio is going to have to say something and most of the time they backpedal, and that’s what we’re counting down to,” he said.

Mulvey said he has heard from atheists in other parts of the country who are planning barbecues for May 21.

Stephen O’Leary, an expert in religious communication at the University of Southern California, said the idea of rapture espoused by Camping and more mainstream Christians first appeared in Christian teaching in the 19th century.

“It is very appealing to people,” said Barbara Rossing, professor of the New Testament at the Lutheran School of Theology at Chicago who describes a huge apocalyptic “prophecy industry” including video games, board games and books.

Tom Evans, a spokesman for Camping, said at least several tens of thousands of people listen to Family Radio’s message.

One of those is Allison Warden, 29, of Raleigh, North Carolina, who most recently worked as a payroll clerk for an Ohio company and now runs the end-times website Wecanknow.com.

“My boss does not agree with this but has been very understanding and supportive,” she said. “He thinks next week I’ll be back to work like normal.”                                                                                                                                                                                0236166-9d0749e3fe5664b2e55b7aa1bf330163.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006262 00000000000 015040  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Daddy is a doggy! Wilfred star Jason Gann dons full body fur costume as he tenderly cuddles his 10-month-old son Xano on Santa Monica beach



It seemed to be a real case of puppy love as Australian actor Jason Gann cuddled his son Xano at Santa Monica beach on Monday.



The 43-year-old Wilfred star was on the set of his comedy, and very much in character as he donned his full body dog costume for his role as the dog Wilfred on the show.



Needless to say, his 10-month-old son was very amused by his father’s fluffy outfit, which was a charcoal onesie complete with furry fake ears.

Daddy is a dog! Jason Gann dons a full body fur costume on the set of comedy show Wilfred at Santa Monica beach on Monday and cuddles his son Xano

The actor also had his nose painted black to make his human-size dog character seem that more realistic.



He was joined by his Spanish model wife Alejandra Varelain between filming, who was dressed for the sunny beach weather in a black singlet and mini denim shorts.

Jason stars alongside 32-year-old actor Elijah Wood in the comedy cable, who was also on set in a blue T-shirt and dark jeans.



The Lord of the Rings star portrays troubled Ryan, a depressed man who holds conversations with his neighbour’s human-like dog, played by Jason.

In character: The Australian actor was covered in fur head-to-toe for his role as the epynomous dog Wilfred on the comedy



Happy family: Jason's Spanish model wife Alejandra Varelain joined him in between filming and was dressed for the sunny beach weather in a black singlet and mini denim shorts Not only does Jason play the hilariously entertaining character, but he is the creator of the show, having introduced the show’s concept to Australian screens in 2002.

After the production won Best Comedy and the People’s Choice Awards at Australian short film festival tropfest later that year, Wilfred was screened internationally at the Sundance Film Festival in 2003.

In 2010, the Australian format of the show was sold to US network FX, and it was soon after that Elijah Wood was cast to star alongside Jason.

Woof: It was a real case of puppy love between father and son as little Xano peered into the eyes of his daddy dressed in a furry onesie There we go: The couple helped their 10-month-old son put on his red and blue flannel shirt

The network confirmed last October that the comedy had been renewed for a fourth and final season since its 2011 premiere.

The show broke records for FX when it scored the most-watched comedy premiere with 2.6 million viewers.

Sources told Variety that FX head John Landgraf wanted to give the Wilfred creative team a chance to tie up loose ends on the show and offer viewers closure.

Wilred has frequently shot outdoor scenes around the beach in Venice, California and its recurring cast includes Chris Klein, Dwight Yoakam and Mary Steenburgen. Also on set: Actor Elijah Wood who plays Ryan on the comedy cable was also filming scenes on the beach, looking very amused by a small tennis ball Cool and casual: The star well known for his work on Lord Of The Rings wore a tight blue T-shirt and dark jeans as he strolled through the sand in a pair of charcoal coloured Converse style runners













                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0236256-eead5f1e560d5c3b4c63b63b3b769e54.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007021 00000000000 015254  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        TV: Sun Sports

Time: Pregame coverage begins at 7 p.m.

All-Star Kyle Lowry went on a profanity-laced tirade after the Toronto Raptors’ latest loss, berating the team for getting off to a listless start against the defending champion.

Losers of nine of 10, the Raptors shouldn’t need any extra motivation against a Miami Heat team that’s had their number over the last five years.

Slumping Toronto tries to avoid a 17th straight defeat to the Heat when it opens a home-heavy portion of the schedule Friday night.

Despite scuffling, the Raptors (38-26) are still in good shape to make the postseason with a 10 1/2-game lead over Boston in the Atlantic Division. However, they haven’t been performing at all like a playoff team of late.

Toronto is starting to come back around offensively, averaging 106.2 points in the last five games after scoring 90.4 in the previous five, but it’s now started to lag defensively. The club has allowed averages of 112.0 points and 49.4 percent shooting in losing four straight.

The Raptors were doomed by a lackluster first half in San Antonio on Tuesday, trailing by 20 at halftime in a 117-107 loss.

"We’re playing the defending champs and we should have been excited to play against them," said Lowry, who had 32 points in his third game after missing the previous three because of nagging injuries and fatigue. " … We need to play, we don’t need a kick in our (behind). We’ve literally been getting our (behind) kicked, so we shouldn’t need that type of first half. We should go and do it."

If there’s any silver lining to this disastrous stretch, it’s that only two of the Raptors’ last 10 games have been at home, and those were losses to two of the league’s best teams in Golden State and Cleveland. They’ll play seven of the next 10 at Air Canada Centre, though the stretch begins against a team they haven’t defeated since Chris Bosh was still in a Raptors uniform.

Toronto’s 16 consecutive losses to the Heat since a 111-103 win Jan. 27, 2010 give the franchise its longest skid to one opponent. The Heat can match their longest winning streak over a team, established from April 8, 1993-March 11, 1997 against Milwaukee, with one more victory.

In the only matchup this season, the Heat overcame DeMar DeRozan’s 30 points for a 107-102 home win Nov. 2.

Although Miami (29-35) is a shell of the club it was for most of its dominance over Toronto with LeBron James gone and Bosh out for the season with blood clots, Dwayne Wade is suddenly playing like his old self as the Heat pursue one of the Eastern Conference’s last playoff spots.

Wade has scored 28, 34 and 28 while shooting 33 of 66 in the last three games after sitting out last Friday’s 99-97 loss at Washington due to a sore right hip. Those are three of his 10 highest-scoring games of the season.

He had 19 points, a season-high 11 rebounds and seven assists against the Raptors in November.

The Heat will have Hassan Whiteside back after he served a one-game suspension for elbowing Boston’s Kelly Olynyk on Monday. Chris Andersen stepped up in Whiteside’s place Wednesday, matching a career high with 18 points and setting a season high with 14 rebounds in a 104-98 win over Brooklyn.

Erik Spoelstra praised Andersen for his effort even though he is dealing with a number of injuries and was uncertain to play.

"That’s what it’s about right now in that locker room," Spoelstra said. "Guys are fighting for each other. They’re playing with pain for each other … not for themselves, but for the next guy. You love to see that."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0236175-9c9de0955f4a74d26feeaed35a3f8ae7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001601 00000000000 015434  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Originally Posted by Green Hell Originally Posted by

I think there is one important thing left out. The hookup. Not the sex hookup, but the beer hookup.





Being the beer hookup in a freshman dorm can be a big deal. And furthermore, having a beer/liquor hookup (fake id?) can also help bigtime. Being the party hookup is even better so long as you have girls at the party. If you're caught without m(any) girls at a party... good luck recovering from that one..





BTW, winter quarter in cold states is the best time to host a party. Why? More people are likely to show up. LEss parties go on when football isn't around and it's not uber warm out. Therefore, there is less competition, and people get a bit of cabin fever and want to get out in the winter. We always had great winter quarter parties, but the spring ones were hit or miss since there were always 20 other big parties to go to.                                                                                                                               0236210-9a4e635ab882bae8d621c3e194940c5b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004327 00000000000 015111  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        When you’re out on a walk, does your dog sometimes need to stay away from other dogs? If you saw a yellow ribbon tied to the leash of a dog, would you proceed with caution and give the dog some space? This is the hope of a Yellow Ribbon campaign we discovered on the Pit Bulls: Lost/Found/Missing/Stolen group on Facebook.

Reasons a dog might need “space” are listed, and the goal is to let people know not to approach the dog. Perhaps your dog is in training, has health issues, or had a bad experience around other dogs with behavior problems. Whatever the case, the campaign is designed on the principle of respect. That is: My dog needs space, so kindly respect it.

Perhaps this is something that needs to catch on. The “Yellow Dog” campaign website points out this ribbon is useful for owners of male dogs not to bring their animals close to female dogs in heat. The campaign has an accompanying Facebook page.

We’re a little concerned that dissenters might see the ribbon as a “warning” notice that might fuel the “bully breeds are dangerous” mindset.

My belief leans more toward “all dogs should have space,” and please do ask before you pet my dog. I particularly appreciate it when small children ask me first before petting my dog. My dog looks like a walking stuffed animal, which can be a blessing as well as a curse. It takes an hour to get through the pet supply store (which can be a lot of fun) but only because we meet so many people. At times I wonder whether a yellow ribbon might be useful.

On the flip side, my dog is a Canine Good Citizen and one of the happiest little boys to walk the Earth, so I want him to be exposed to a lot of people and situations.

Apparently a red ribbon on the tail of a horse is a warning that it might kick, so people are advised to keep their distance. I discovered that while doing research for this piece. Did you know that?

Some dogs are timid in public, particularly if they have been abused, so the yellow ribbon might be a warning to stay back and let the owner work on the timidity at a measured pace.

What do you think? Have you seen a dog with a yellow ribbon? Perhaps you use one and would like to share your experience, good or bad?

Read more on leashes and training:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0236246-6e4321b12cca09cdab232320a605c3de.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014065 00000000000 015132  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Infinite Hypocrisy of Fake Feminist Men

Geraldine DeRuiter Blocked Unblock Follow Following Aug 28, 2017

Image credit.

I am at my book reading in Portland. Though the room is small, it is packed. The audience is mostly friends, though there is a large cluster of people I have never met before. It is, without hyperbole, one of the highlights of my career, the sort of thing I dreamed about when I was 13, when I was 26, when I was 35.

I am flustered because I care very much about what the crowd thinks of me. I am flustered because, before my reading begins, I have misplaced my cell phone. I am flustered because halfway through my reading, a boy I kissed decades ago walks in and stands at the back of the room, directly in my line of sight.

A short time later, he will slut-shame me as he is holding my book, a sort of bemused smile on his face as he references sex acts I supposedly performed on someone else after we broke up.

It is not out of character, this misogyny under the guise of teasing, but it’s been so long since I’ve seen him that I’m taken off-guard. If I get angry, I’ll be accused of “taking it the wrong way.” According to him, I always took everything the wrong way, due to my inherent oversensitivity and inclination for melodrama.

Seed the belief in a young woman that her very legitimate feelings are irrational or unreasonable and it’s amazing what you will be able to do to her.

I am happy to leave this all in the past, where it belongs. But he dredges it up, proclaiming without provocation that he “wasn’t that bad” to me. I say nothing, and simply offer my best You fucking kidding me? face. (For those wondering — yes, he was that bad.)

Unnerved, he follows up with a comment about sexual kindnesses I bestowed on someone else, couched in a way to make himself seem enlightened.

I never did this to you, he tells me. I stare, blankly. His copy of my book is in my hand. If I write what I want to write in it — a brief but direct “Fuck you” — I know it will appear on Facebook with a caption like “Some people never change.”

I’m oversensitive. I’m melodramatic.

Instead, I write simply, “Life is weird.”

He’s a misogynist. He’s an expert gaslighter. And according to him, he’s a proud feminist. Sadly, he doesn’t seem to be alone.

Last week, Joss Whedon’s ex-wife, Kai Cole, wrote a post describing his repeated infidelity during their marriage, along with a litany of sexist comments he’s made about women he’s worked with.

For many Whedon fans, it was a tough blow (the long-running fansite Whedonesque shut down shortly after the news came to light). Whedon proudly proclaimed himself a feminist, and wrote seemingly strong, smart, complicated female characters who dealt with a shocking amount of bullshit, whether it be supernatural, extraterrestrial, or run-of-the-mill workplace misogyny. But even as he was supposedly critiquing sexism, there were times it felt like he was perpetuating it. Those strong female characters were objectified and demeaned by male protagonists who had so much tacit authority, many never stopped to question it.

I could never pinpoint that this was the problem. If Whedon was a vocal feminist, then my failure to appreciate his work had to be a lack of enlightenment on my part, and not any wrongdoing on his. When misogynists take on the feminist mantle and then attack women, we internalize it on a different level. The gaslighting is baked into the premise, and the problem must be us. An SNL sketch recently skewered men who posed as feminists in order to hit on women. They eventually reveal themselves to be raging misogynists. It’s funny. But it’s not as absurd as you’d think.

Over lunch, my friend tells me that these fake feminist men bother her perhaps most of all, because they are so much harder to identify.

“At least with the out and proud misogynists, I know who to avoid,” she says.

The bullshit of simply trying to exist as a woman can be exhausting — add the additional label of feminist, and it can feel like there’s a target on your back. The attacks can feel insurmountable. (And I say this as a white woman who enjoys plenty of categories of privilege.)

So seeing men willfully sacrifice their own security and take on the title of feminist means that I’ve historically given them the benefit of the doubt. If you use your podium of male privilege to speak out against sexism, I don’t want to question you.

But if your personal actions and behaviors don’t align with the politics that you spout, I should question you. We all should. Because being a feminist isn’t an irrevocable status. You don’t get to self-identify as one and think that the story’s over. It’s something you work towards constantly. It’s a battle every damn day — not just against all those institutions that reinforce the patriarchy but against the damn voices in your head that reinforce it, too. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve stared at the bullshit misogyny around me and wondered how much of it I’m perpetuating — yet I quickly make excuses for men like Whedon or my ex simply because they’ve claimed to share my ideology.

That’s not enough. Their actions need to match their rhetoric.

If you’re a feminist, you don’t have to like every damn woman you meet. But you do have to treat women like human beings whether you like them or not. You don’t get to take your wife’s last name and then drag your ex through the dirt because things didn’t work out between you. You don’t get to march in a pussy hat and think that gives you a free pass to vituperate a woman every now and then. You sure as fuck don’t get to try to slut-shame me because the awesomeness of my life makes you feel badly.

Feminism is challenging as fuck. If you are up for it, then welcome to the fight (all the cool people are on our side). But it’s not an absolution. It’s not a label you can hide behind. And if you think that claiming you’re a feminist will somehow get you special treatment or offer you a free pass next time you act like a sexist asshole, then you’ve missed the whole fucking point.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0236281-367f2fdc8aad8aa78c24465e85dd4ae9.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011411 00000000000 015347  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Germany (German: Deutschland), officially the Federal Republic of Germany (German: Bundesrepublik Deutschland), is a country in Central Europe.

The first modern unified state in German history was the German Empire, founded in 1871 by Wilhelm I, King of Prussia. The country was a member of the Central Powers during World War I alongside Austro-Hungarian Empire and the Ottoman Empire. However, as their war effort collapsed in 1918, the empire fell to civil conflicts, resulting in the abdication of Emperor Wilhelm II and the end of the German Empire. The Weimar Republic that succeeded the empire carried the burdens of the war in the years that followed.

Probably one of the most infamous eras of German history was the fascist Nazi regime of the Third Reich or Nazi Germany. In 1933, Adolf Hitler and his Nazi Party came to power within the Weimar Republic, and soon seized all power from the democratic Reichstag. In the years that followed, Hitler built an enormous and zealous army and annexed neighboring countries, including Austria and Czechoslovakia. On September 1, 1939, Nazi Germany invaded Poland, prompting a declaration of war from France and the United Kingdom, sparking World War II.

Contents show]

Armed Forces Edit

Military Branches Edit

These are the military branches of the German Empire:

Seal/Flag Branch The Imperial German Army was the combined land and air forces of the German Empire. The Imperial German Navy was the naval force of the German Empire.

These are the military branches of Nazi Germany:

Emblem Branch The Wehrmacht is the primary military force of the Nazi Germany. It is divided into the Heer (army), the Luftwaffe (air force) and the Kriegsmarine (navy). The German Elite Forces represent an unspecified elite unit of the Third Reich's Wehrmacht, taking cues from the real life Fallschirmjäger and Waffen-SS units. The Afrika Korps was Germany's expeditionary force to North Africa between February 12, 1941 to May 13, 1943.

These are the military branches of the Federal Republic of Germany:

Emblem Branch In modern times, Germany's armed forces are called the Bundeswehr (Federal Defense) and serve alongside other NATO forces around the world.

Military Organizations Edit



Germany is a part of both NATO and the European Union, both of which are featured as factions in their own rights in the Battlefield series. Germany is therefore presumably involved indirectly in other Battlefield games as a part of these two alliances.





Battlefield 1942 Edit

The flag of Nazi Germany. In order to get the game through German censors, the Battlefield series uses a modified flag based on the flag of the German Empire (below)



Germany appears as a part of the Axis in Battlefield 1942. The country is represented by four forces: the Wehrmacht, the Afrika Korps and the German Elite Forces, with the Luftwaffe being mentioned as the primary combatant on Battle of Britain.

Germany in Battlefield 1942 is based off the Third Reich, though the game omits any references to Fascism, Nazism or Hitler, in order to release the game through German censors, as German law prohibits the use of Nazi symbols for non-historical or educational purposes. In addition, their use in France and Hungary would be legally questionable.

Maps Set in Germany Edit





Battlefield 2 Edit

In Battlefield 2 Germany is involved in the fictional Sino-American War, despite not being featured as a faction.Several German equipment appear in game such as the Leopard 2A6, MP5, G36 e.t.c. Most of them are manufactured by Heckler and Koch.

Battlefield 1 Edit

Main article: Imperial German Army





Flag of the German Empire (above) and the Imperial War Flag (below)





In Battlefield 1, the German Empire is one of the six factions initially playable in multiplayer, participating alongside the other nations of the Central Powers, Austro-Hungarian Empire and the Ottoman Empire in the fight against the Entente Cordiale.

The Imperial German Army are the most common faction out of all available factions, and currently featured on maps of the Western Front, where they face the British, American and French armed forces on locations of northern France and Belgium (where the maps Zeebrugge and Passchendaele are sited).

They also appear in Albion, fighting against the Russian Army in the Estonian islands.

The Imperial German Army is also the main opposing faction in the Storm of Steel, Through Mud and Blood and Friends In High Places singleplayer chapters.









Battlefield V Edit

Germany is one of two factions set to appear in Battlefield V, alongside the opposing United Kingdom.

The location of Germany appears briefly during the Prologue, when an RAF bombing raid over Hamburg in 1943 in intercepted by player character Yellow-Seven. Germany is also the main setting of the singleplayer war story The Last Tiger.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236194-0f1a90a7bcfab3ec042c3fcc1e577e88.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005562 00000000000 015413  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        NIMBY, literally.

“I’m at the breaking point,” said Gretchen Gardner, an Austin artist who bought a 1930s bungalow in the Bouldin neighborhood just south of downtown in 1991 and has watched her property tax bill soar to $8,500 this year. “It’s not because I don’t like paying taxes,” said Gardner, who attended both meetings. “I have voted for every park, every library, all the school improvements, for light rail, for anything that will make this city better. But now I can’t afford to live here anymore. I’ll protest my appraisal notice, but that’s not enough. Someone needs to step in and address the big picture.”

I’m really just bringing this to your attention for this quote alone. Voting and paying are different endeavors entirely. Often, when one has to pay for the things one has voted to fund, that decision becomes less flippant. This is a comment, less on the specifics of Texas’ or Austin’s tax system than the blaring disconnect between liberals in Austin who are voting for higher taxes and the actual paying of the taxes. Which, as it turns out, is painful, discouraging, and can be a detriment to the fabric of the city.

The Texas Public Policy Foundation offers this on the complexity and salience of Texas property taxes:

In Texas, there are more than 3,900 localities that impose property taxes, including school districts, counties, and special districts. Texas’ property tax burden has grown from approximately 1 percent of value in the early 1980s to nearly 3 percent today. The rising burden from property tax is worse for the housing-rich but income-poor elderly homeowners. For example, elderly homeowners tend to move more often to reduce their property tax burden, which is an additional cost of owning a home for those who can least afford to move. Interestingly, another reason voters hate property taxes is because they are more “salient.” A salient tax means that the burden is transparent, easy to understand, and hard to avoid. If paid directly, property taxes are found to be more salient compared with sales taxes applied at checkout or income taxes withheld from a paycheck.

In 2012, the free-market think tank suggested swapping the local property tax for a sales tax:

New research suggests that if Texas eliminates its local property tax system, ranked as the 14th most oppressive in the nation, and instead replaces those lost revenues with an adjusted sales tax, then the ensuing flood of capital investment and business activity could ignite the Texas economy for years to come. That’s right, just by changing how Texas governments collect public dollars—but not how much they spend—the Legislature can give the economy and people’s wallets a major boost. By how much, you ask? Our estimates suggest quite a bit.

Either way, I don’t think Gretchen Gardner is ever going to make the connection between her voting pattern and her bill.                                                                                                                                              0236274-f92a1dae8cce8ad4d5847cb05609dc8f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004053 00000000000 015427  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        By , 1

SAN FRANCISCO—Cypress Semiconductor Corp. will pay $550 million to acquire Broadcom Corp.’s Wireless Internet of Things (IoT) business under the terms of a definitive agreement announced Thursday (April 28).

Under the terms of the deal, Cypress (San Jose, Calif.) will acquire Broadcom’s Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and Zigbee IoT product lines and intellectual property. The deal also includes Broadcom’s WICED brand and developer ecosystem.

Cypress President and CEO T.J. Rodgers, who announced Thursday he would step down from the top job at the chip vendor he founded 34 years ago, said through a statement that the combination of Cypress’s PSoC system-on-chip technology and Broadcom’s IoT business would make Cypress a force in IoT and open up new markets for the company.

T.J. Rodgers, Cypress Semiconductor

“What we bring to the party is over 30,000 customers worldwide who need advanced, ultra-low-power wireless communication but only can absorb it in the form of an easy-to-use programmable embedded system solution,” Rodgers said.

Cypress said the deal would strengthen its position in embedded markets including automotive and industrial and make the company a leader in the consumer IoT market, which is expected to grow rapidly in coming years.

Broadcom’s IoT business unit employs 430 people and generated $189 million in revenue over the past 12 months.

“With our IoT connectivity products, Cypress will be able to provide the connectivity; the MCU, system-on-chip, module and memory technologies; and the mature developer ecosystem that IoT designers require, creating an end-to-end portfolio of embedded solutions and a single IoT design platform,” said Broadcom IoT General Manager Stephen DiFranco, in a statement.

Broadcom (Singapore) said it would continue to focus on its wireless connectivity products for the access and mobility segments that are not IoT related, including serving set-top box, wireless access, smartphone, laptop and notebook customers.

—Dylan McGrath covers the semiconductor industry for EE Times.

Related content:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0236312-e107642c699a338ff57adb9045f37289.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003246 00000000000 014717  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Vault is Slate’s new history blog. Like us on Facebook; follow us on Twitter @slatevault; find us on Tumblr. Find out more about what this space is all about here.

In this photo from April 1965, Lyndon Johnson took two visitors to his Stonewall, Texas, ranch on a ride in his Amphicar. A West German firm built 3,770 of these land-to-water vehicles between 1960 and 1968, and the president loved his lagoon-blue model.

According to one of LBJ’s aides, Joseph A. Califano Jr., the president liked to play a trick on visitors. Califano first encountered the Amphicar when he visited the ranch and LBJ offered him a ride. “We reached a steep incline at the edge of the lake and the car started rolling rapidly toward the water,” Califano recalled. “The president shouted, ‘The brakes don’t work! The brakes won’t hold! We’re going in! We’re going under! ’”

The Los Angeles Times tested an Amphicar in 1963 and reported that the transition from highway to lake was fairly easy: “There is no trick to handling it, on land or sea.” The process was simple. One: drive the car into the water. Two: engage the two propellers, located under the rear engine compartment. Three: Steer as usual—the wheels acted as stabilizers.

Despite these initial favorable reviews, the Amphicar never quite took off. As automotive critic Dan Neil wrote in Time in 2007, the car’s flotation was “entirely dependent on whether [its] bilge pump could keep up with the leakage.”

There’s still an international Amphicar Club, which holds periodic “swim-ins” where the assembled owners take to the water to the delight of spectators. This year’s swim-in calendar can be found here.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0236205-89da0d0033ad451d55a66ff71ca27861.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013313 00000000000 015017  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Article from Yonhap News:

OECD Study: Korean Husbands Ranks Lowest in Sharing Housework

Korean married men spend a daily average of 45 minutes in doing housework, with 10 minutes for childcare and 21 minutes for housekeeping.

A report, published by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), revealed that Korea ranks lowest in a survey of hours husbands spend doing housework in 29 countries.

Conducted to mark Women’s Day on March 8th, the OECD analysis, based on statistics compiled from countries on how husbands spend their time, found that Korean husbands spend an average of 45 minutes doing house chores and childcare, disgracefully placing last following India, Japan and China.

For Korean husbands, looking after children takes up 10 minutes, followed by Japan with seven minutes and India with six minutes. When it comes to house cleaning and doing laundry, Korean husbands takes the penultimate spot with 21 minutes spent, only followed by Indian counterparts with 19 minutes.

In stark contrast, Danish husbands top the list with 186 minutes spent in housework, followed by Norwegian and Australian husbands with 184 and 172 minutes respectively.

The report shows that Danish men’s house working time is comprised of taking care of families (20 minutes), housework (107 minutes), and shopping (22 minutes).

Husbands in three Northeastern countries – South Korea, Japan and China – and Turkey, Mexico, India, etc. spend remarkably little time sharing housework with their wife.

[…]

The OECD said in its analysis that women’s presence in social activity has increased over the past 50 years, which has diminished their unpaid work time. However, the decrease has not been offset by a rise in the time men spend in doing household work.

Comments from Daum:

항우:

Then, what place does Korea take in the amount of working hours? How many hours do Danish men work outside the home? When you cherry-pick data, you end up talking nonsense…

가글하세요: [responding to above]

Simple statistical figures don’t tell you the whole story. Does South Korea have as good labor systems and childcare support as Northern European countries? Ke ke ke, talk about equality in the right context, ke ke ke.

웃기지마: [responding to 항우]

Even if men or women want to have babies and raise them, it is extremely hard to get home from work early because of insanely long overtime. Even if they are willing to share housework, men are tied to their workplace by their superiors. Is there any time to spend with lovely wives and babies? How can we do house chores when we go home just to sleep?

진아: [responding to 항우]

Some married women also work and do overtime. Why are women expected to take care of all house chores and children even when they are working?

고길동:

I’d be really happy to help with housework. I respect my wife, and love my son.. As a self-employed breadwinner, however, I work more than 12 hours a day, and we are still struggling. If I have to help with house chores on top of that, I might as well be a slave. If my wife can go out to make money, then I’d rather choose to be a stay-at-home dad.

낚시하까: [responding to above]

Just try to help with housework whenever possible. Also, cut down on drinking.

ㅇㅇ: [responding to 고길동]

In this comment section, there are many women who seem to think their husbands bring money home after just killing time at work. Housewives can regularly take breaks after sending four or five-year-old kids to daycare. Do you think husbands can do something like that at work?

어슴프레한하늘: [responding to 고길동]

Don’t make such a comparison. Do you think housewives’ work is less hard? No. Try doing housework as much as your wife does. I would welcome you even if you don’t make money.

정의:

The problem is that even if a couple has a dual income, the wife does more housework.

스커틀:

Isn’t it too hard on Korean men who top the list of deaths from overworking?

진아: [responding to above]

Then, do you think the women who have a job, work overtime and even do housekeeping are immortal?

morrissey:

Korea would also rank lowest in how equally men and women take on workloads. I don’t mean to divide between genders, but just want to say that rights and duties should be equally shared between men and women. I bet women in few other countries in the world are more dependent on men than women in Korea except those in underdeveloped countries.

baskia502: [responding to above]

That’s because Korean society provides poor working conditions for women. Even if married women want to continue working, employers hope they quit after marriage. On top of it, after a working woman gives birth to her child, one member of the couple has to quit working in order to provide childcare and most times it is the woman who quits. Please comment after realizing that Korean society is hard on working women.

aesyks:

Men’s lack of contribution to housework explains why women are unwilling to have babies. All problems lie in men. They just want to take wives to bed for sex, but are hardly cooperative in housework.

예의범절 악플러:

This journalist wench has something against men. Denmark and Norway ranked first and second in a survey of happiness released by the United Nations, and are welfare states having the shortest working hours for men in the world. The men there don’t break their neck working. They can leave work at 3 or 4 p.m. to enjoy free time. For a legitimate comparison, the journalist bitch should have also compared working hours among the countries mentioned, including Korea. Please name me a country where men equally share housework with their wives while they work outside much longer than women.

별명없음:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0236005-74b80e7da919ee2df07528a5f4711641.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006463 00000000000 014764  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A CONTROVERSIAL windfarm – dubbed the tallest in the country – has been thrown out by the Energy Minister.

MSP Fergus Ewing has refused planning consent for the 23-turbine Druim Ba wind farm in the Blairmore Estate, near Drumnadrochit, next to Loch Ness.

The minister said it would have “significant adverse” impacts on the landscape and residents living nearby.

Druim Ba Sustainable Energy Limited’s proposals were opposed by a public campaign and Highland Council.

In 2011, campaigners flew a blimp close to the proposed site to demonstrate the scale of the turbines.

The developer said the project would have supported 1,000 jobs over its lifetime and paid out £345,000-a-year to local community projects.

The turbines would have reached to 149.5m (490ft) from the ground to the tip of a blade at its highest point.

The windfarm would have been in a forestry plantation.

A Scottish Government spokesman said: “The Energy Minister concurred with the findings of the Public Inquiry Reporter that the number and height of the turbines would appear out of scale with the surrounding landscape and it would have significant adverse landscape and visual impacts.

“Mr Ewing was also concerned that the visual impact from nearby properties and the likely noise from the proposal would be detrimental to the residential amenities of several nearby properties.”

Dave Thompson, SNP MSP for Skye, Lochaber and Badenoch, has welcomed the news that consent has been refused.

He said: “This decision demonstrates that the local planning system in conjunction in this case with the Minister is working, and takes into account local objections before any development is given the go ahead.

“I remain in principle supportive of renewable energy, but only in cases where it is compatible with the planning system, and I am confident that our planning system will continue to perform this role in appraising all such developments.”

The original application submitted by Druim Ba Sustainable Energy Limited was for a 69MW, 23 turbine wind farm on Blairmore Estate, in the Highlands.

The Planning Authority, the Highland Council, objected to the application, stating that the developments conflicted with their planning policies and the size and massing of the proposed wind farm would have vast visual impact on properties and communities.

Mr Ewing said: “Scotland has enormous potential for renewable energy that is delivering jobs and investment across Scotland, and I am determined to ensure communities all over Scotland reap the benefit from renewable energy – but not at any cost and we will ensure a balanced approach in taking forward this policy, as we have in the past and will in future.

“The Scottish Government wants to see the right developments in the right places and Scottish planning policy is clear that the design and location of any wind farm should reflect the scale and character of the landscape and should be considered environmentally acceptable.”

The Scottish Government has determined 85 energy applications, including 58 renewable applications. Consent has been granted for 32 onshore wind, one offshore wind, 19 hydro, four wave and tidal; and 18 non-renewable projects since May 2007.

Consent has been refused for nine energy applications since May 2007 (including this refusal), all of which were onshore wind farms.                                                                                                                                                                                                             0236286-18ec2071866f253f1bf8860310394b71.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014243 00000000000 014543  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        CARACAS (Reuters) - Military and civilian allies of Venezuela’s convalescent President Hugo Chavez insisted on Friday he was still running the OPEC oil-producing nation despite his prolonged absence in Cuba for the removal of a cancerous tumor.

Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez addresses the nation during a televised speech on June 30, 2011. REUTERS/VTV via Reuters TV

Army chief General Henry Rangel Silva and ministers moved quickly to head off speculation about a possible power vacuum or political infighting after Chavez, 56, revealed late on Thursday he was still receiving treatment after the operation.

He did not say when he would be back from Cuba, where he disappeared from public view after surgery on June 10. Nor did he specify the treatment he is receiving, leading to rumors the malignant cells may have spread, requiring chemotherapy.

Local media had said Chavez could have prostate cancer.

The absence of the charismatic leader — who has dominated Venezuelan politics since 1999 and projected his leftist views across Latin America and the world — have raised doubts about his ability to campaign for a presidential election in 2012.

It was also a humbling admission of mortality from a usually supremely confident politician with a string of election wins who has often taunted his foes with the prospect of staying in power until 2021.

With doubts swirling over how long his recovery could take and opponents questioning how Venezuela should be ruled in his absence, Venezuelan Vice President Elias Jaua insisted Chavez was in “full exercise of authority” from Cuba.

“Let no one have any doubts — it’s Chavez who’s in charge here,” Energy Minister Rafael Ramirez echoed.

One source close to the Venezuelan medical team that is following Chavez’s recovery said the diagnosis had revealed a cancer that required aggressive treatment that could take several months. A wing of the Caracas Military Hospital was being prepared to receive him when he returns, the source said.

No official public updates on Chavez’s detailed medical condition have been released since his own account late on Thursday.

While wishing Chavez a prompt recovery, the opposition accused the government of lying about his condition.

CONSTITUTIONAL ISSUES?

They also argued that under the constitution, he should delegate powers in the case of prolonged illness or absence.

“We don’t know when the president is returning ... There could be a flood of demands (arguing this) in the courts,” said Ramon Aveledo, leader of the Democratic Unity opposition bloc.

General Rangel Silva said the military, a pillar of support for Chavez’s leftist government, would guarantee constitutional order during Chavez’s absence.

The president, he said, would be home soon. “He is getting better, he’s fine,” Rangel told state television.

To bolster the message that Chavez remained in charge, state TV on Friday showed a video of the talkative president chairing a mini-cabinet meeting in Havana on Wednesday.

“We shouldn’t let our guard down for a moment. Onwards, at a victory pace,” Chavez said in the recorded video, in which he said rehabilitation included daily walks and a special diet.

He said his friend and mentor, former Cuban President Fidel Castro, sent him treats like peanut butter and cooked lamb.

Chavez, one of the world’s fiercest critics of Washington, confirmed postponement of a regional summit scheduled for July 5 in Venezuela on the 200th anniversary of its independence.

Markets have generally reacted positively to news of Chavez’s health problems, on the presumption they improve the chances of a more business-friendly government. Venezuela’s benchmark 2027 rose 1.750 points to 76.563.

“Political vacuums are rarely to be encouraged but this one could lead to a slowdown in public spending and could raise the likelihood of an opposition victory in the next elections and thus a less confrontational governing style,” said Richard Segal, an emerging markets analyst at Jefferies in London.

U.S. CAUTIOUS, A WORRY FOR CUBA

Washington, which accuses Chavez of authoritarian rule in a major U.S. oil supplier, said it saw no immediate instability.

“This is clearly a personal matter and something that he and his family are dealing with,” State Department spokesman Mark Toner told a news briefing in Washington.

“We’re sympathetic to that. But we don’t have any reason to believe there’s anything involving stability there.”

Chavez’s illness however is a source of concern for his main political ally Cuba, for whom Venezuela is a key economic benefactor and oil supplier.

Chavez allies vowed they will continue his leftist drive, which has included nationalization of much of the economy.

In Caracas shantytowns, where Chavez is still widely loved for using oil revenues to build new clinics and schools, supporters saluted him overnight with fireworks.

“He’s alive! He’s alive!” one group shouted.

Opposition leaders, seeking to rally around a unity candidate to be picked in February for the 2012 presidential vote, may see the news as a sign Chavez is weakened.

“It is impossible to deduce if he will or will not be in a physical state and the right mood to go into the 2012 campaign,” said local analyst Luis-Vicente Leon.

The opposition was trying hard to avoid appearing gleeful at Chavez’s ill health, although some detractors posted vitriolic messages on Twitter and other sites.

Known for eight-hour speeches and frequent camera appearances, Chavez left Venezuela in near silence and its government functioning at half-steam for almost three weeks after the June 10 operation to remove a pelvic abscess.

Slideshow (7 Images)

“The president looks fallible for the first time and it may be only a matter of time before the cracks begin to appear, potentially between a civilian and a more military wing (in government),” the British-based LatinNews newsletter said.

Latin American leaders sent messages of solidarity.

Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo, treated for cancer last year, wished him “faith” and “strength.” Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, an erstwhile foe who has patched up his relationship with Chavez, wished him a “speedy recovery.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0236327-22852e008a280270ae533f629c315dc3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002163 00000000000 014575  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Man arrested over university campus sex attack

Updated

Police have arrested a man over the alleged indecent assault of a university student on a campus in Sydney's north.

Early last Thursday, the 20-year-old Macquarie University student allegedly awoke to find a man assaulting her in her bedroom.

The attack happened in the student housing accommodation in Marsfield, where it has emerged that up to 80 asylum seekers are being housed in a deal struck by the Red Cross and the company running the student accommodation.

There are also claims that campus security staff failed to inform police of the incident for several hours, which has been described by university deputy vice chancellor Deidre Anderson as a "serious issue".

Police arrested a 21-year-old Sri Lankan national at Central Station about 10:15am (AEDT) today and took him to Surry Hills for questioning.

Immigration Department spokesman Sandi Logan said on Twitter that the man was a Sri Lankan asylum seeker but that he was not a resident of the campus nor a Red Cross client.

Topics: sexual-offences, university-and-further-education, marsfield-2122

First posted                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0236242-ce7d3cea4e5b8b47701968feb72a1a76.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001523 00000000000 015257  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Character Commisions: Open!Hello. I’m opening a couple of slots for character commissions. If anyone is interested consider this information.



Full-body character with no/simple background

Price: USD$50.00



Full-body character with background

Price: US$70.00



Procedure.

1) Send a note titled "Commission" with a brief/reference of your character. Along with a mail, please (It’s a lot easier and faster).

2) I will confirmed your request and add you to the list.

3) You send payment via PAYPAL to: phenriel31@gmail.com

4) Once I receive the payment will start the sketch.

5) I will submit the sketch for approval

6) I deliver the final artwork via email.





Things I would prefer not to paint.

- Furries/anthro. (There are way better people than me.)

- Yaoi/Yuri.

NSFW can be done, but chances are I will not post it on my gall                                                                                                                                                                             0236240-ff4e00d2c14ef86546478f453995fa10.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000025543 00000000000 014773  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        StevePulaski

Global Moderator







Posts: 12,105

Global Moderator Hell or High Water Quote Select Post

Select Post Deselect Post

Deselect Post Link to Post

Link to Post Member Give Gift

Member Back to Top Post by StevePulaski on Hell or High Water (2016)

Directed by: David Mackenzie



Ben Foster and Chris Pine in Hell or High Water.



Rating: ★★★★ Ben Foster and Chris Pine inRating: ★★★★

David Mackenzie's Hell or High Water is the first American film in years - maybe since Killing Them Softly and Out of the Furnace - to paint such a vivid and true picture of much of the country's landscape. Overcast skies are cast over signs promising debt relief, boasting "for sale" signs on presumably foreclosed properties, and campaign signs and images for leaders that will more than likely benefit themselves before even thinking about you or I. Other signs promise fair loans on vehicles for people with bad or no credit, while others speak the words of a collapsed economy too clearly - "OUT OF BUSINESS."



In Killing Them Softly, we saw professional hitmen take a broken America and play the game as it was meant to be played - to benefit the thieves, the able, and the hawkish. In Out of the Furnace, we saw the Bible belt of the country, an already perpetually struggling sector of the land of the free, continue to be burdened by economic turmoil and the working class smothered by bills, overworked and underpaid. In Hell or High Water, we are caught somewhere in an uncomfortable middle; we watch as two brothers, who have just lost their mother, pull off petty bank robberies throughout the West Texas area, getting just enough money to be richer than they were, but just little enough as to where larger, more eye-catching sums of money would give them away. The men do this to pay off their family's Texas farm, which they've just learned is a hotspot for oil and could bring them more money than they've ever seen before.



The brothers are Tanner and Toby Howard (Ben Foster and Chris Pine, respectively). Tanner is the hot-head, in and out of jail as if it had revolving doors with his name on them, while Toby is a tad more composed and cautious of the situations in which he gets himself. Nonetheless, both men are trouble in the eyes of the law and those eyes belong to Texas Ranger Marcus Hamilton (Jeff Bridges), a grumbly old codger with a molasses-thick Texas drawl, who nervously eyes a retirement life of porch-sitting and Shiner Bock-drinking after he catches these two robbers. His Mexican/Native American partner Alberto Parker (Gil Birmingham) is often on the receiving end of joking stereotypes of Alberto's colorful heritage, most of which he just brushes off. In the meantime, these two men have bank robbers to catch and they'll scour the entire area in their bone-white 4x4 to do so.



Hell or High Water is a pot-boiling, menacing piece of work if I've ever seen one. A tried and true American film and a striking example of its crime/Western genre in a modern yet traditionalist sense, this is a film that explodes with energy and charisma. Its sun-soaked setting and its glorious rural photography (by cinematographer Giles Nuttgens) echo the work of director Denis Villenueve and cinematographer Roger Deakins (Prisoners, Sicario) in visual crispness and character. The suspense in the film also echoes their work; the tension is thick and unrelenting, as these brothers orchestrate these guerrilla-style robberies that nonetheless result in sizable payoffs for them. They wind up taking their money to casinos and using a bit of it to spend on beater cars in order to continue their operations without getting caught.



When the film cuts away to Hamilton and Parker, the film does anything but lose steam. We watch a mannered and cocksure Bridges, in yet another damn-fine, intense role, captivate us with his unflinching demeanor, which prompts arrogance and amiable. Even Birmingham, a frequent punching-bag of Bridges' Hamilton's typical geezer racism, doesn't get the short end of the stick. He's quieter, more reserved, but nonetheless impacting.



Then there's Foster and Pine, both in probably the best roles they've played thus far, with the emotional and personal levels to resonate with someone in this same kind of socioeconomic status who has had the serious thought about doing exactly what their characters do throughout the course of the film. In a powerful monologue, Pine shuts up anyone who would even dare say these brothers are plain stupid for their decisions to do what they do. While it's not the logical nor practical move in most people's minds, Pine states how he has watched his family and his parents live poor lives; their poverty is passed on through generations, like a family farm or heirlooms. Their heirloom has been poverty for the longest time, and finally, they are about to change that. If you can't understand their motivations, you're lucky; you probably have never been in his nor his brother's situation before.



The tragedy of Hell or High Water is the same one that faced Out of the Furnace and even Ramin Bahrani's similar 99 Homes in that these are films that are hard to get people to see. The low-key releases don't help, but these are real-life stories made for adults, and when you have a country built up of many people still recovering from the effects of the historic 2008 economic collapse, you have many people who do not want to see a film about the same kind of hardships and troubles they faced. They'd rather see something heartfelt and nostalgic like Pete's Dragon or even funny and escapist like Central Intelligence.



Just know that if you look the other way when faced with this film you're missing one of the best, most compelling, most realistic films of 2016.



Starring: Ben Foster, Chris Pine, Jeff Bridges, and Gil Birmingham. Directed by: David Mackenzie. David Mackenzie'sis the first American film in years - maybe sinceand- to paint such a vivid and true picture of much of the country's landscape. Overcast skies are cast over signs promising debt relief, boasting "for sale" signs on presumably foreclosed properties, and campaign signs and images for leaders that will more than likely benefit themselves before even thinking about you or I. Other signs promise fair loans on vehicles for people with bad or no credit, while others speak the words of a collapsed economy too clearly - "OUT OF BUSINESS."In, we saw professional hitmen take a broken America and play the game as it was meant to be played - to benefit the thieves, the able, and the hawkish. In, we saw the Bible belt of the country, an already perpetually struggling sector of the land of the free, continue to be burdened by economic turmoil and the working class smothered by bills, overworked and underpaid. In, we are caught somewhere in an uncomfortable middle; we watch as two brothers, who have just lost their mother, pull off petty bank robberies throughout the West Texas area, getting just enough money to be richer than they were, but just little enough as to where larger, more eye-catching sums of money would give them away. The men do this to pay off their family's Texas farm, which they've just learned is a hotspot for oil and could bring them more money than they've ever seen before.The brothers are Tanner and Toby Howard (Ben Foster and Chris Pine, respectively). Tanner is the hot-head, in and out of jail as if it had revolving doors with his name on them, while Toby is a tad more composed and cautious of the situations in which he gets himself. Nonetheless, both men are trouble in the eyes of the law and those eyes belong to Texas Ranger Marcus Hamilton (Jeff Bridges), a grumbly old codger with a molasses-thick Texas drawl, who nervously eyes a retirement life of porch-sitting and Shiner Bock-drinking after he catches these two robbers. His Mexican/Native American partner Alberto Parker (Gil Birmingham) is often on the receiving end of joking stereotypes of Alberto's colorful heritage, most of which he just brushes off. In the meantime, these two men have bank robbers to catch and they'll scour the entire area in their bone-white 4x4 to do so.is a pot-boiling, menacing piece of work if I've ever seen one. A tried and true American film and a striking example of its crime/Western genre in a modern yet traditionalist sense, this is a film that explodes with energy and charisma. Its sun-soaked setting and its glorious rural photography (by cinematographer Giles Nuttgens) echo the work of director Denis Villenueve and cinematographer Roger Deakins () in visual crispness and character. The suspense in the film also echoes their work; the tension is thick and unrelenting, as these brothers orchestrate these guerrilla-style robberies that nonetheless result in sizable payoffs for them. They wind up taking their money to casinos and using a bit of it to spend on beater cars in order to continue their operations without getting caught.When the film cuts away to Hamilton and Parker, the film does anything but lose steam. We watch a mannered and cocksure Bridges, in yet another damn-fine, intense role, captivate us with his unflinching demeanor, which prompts arrogance and amiable. Even Birmingham, a frequent punching-bag of Bridges' Hamilton's typical geezer racism, doesn't get the short end of the stick. He's quieter, more reserved, but nonetheless impacting.Then there's Foster and Pine, both in probably the best roles they've played thus far, with the emotional and personal levels to resonate with someone in this same kind of socioeconomic status who has had the serious thought about doing exactly what their characters do throughout the course of the film. In a powerful monologue, Pine shuts up anyone who would even dare say these brothers are plain stupid for their decisions to do what they do. While it's not the logical nor practical move in most people's minds, Pine states how he has watched his family and his parents live poor lives; their poverty is passed on through generations, like a family farm or heirlooms. Their heirloom has been poverty for the longest time, and finally, they are about to change that. If you can't understand their motivations, you're lucky; you probably have never been in his nor his brother's situation before.The tragedy ofis the same one that facedand even Ramin Bahrani's similarin that these are films that are hard to get people to see. The low-key releases don't help, but these are real-life stories made for adults, and when you have a country built up of many people still recovering from the effects of the historic 2008 economic collapse, you have many people who do not want to see a film about the same kind of hardships and troubles they faced. They'd rather see something heartfelt and nostalgic likeor even funny and escapist likeJust know that if you look the other way when faced with this film you're missing one of the best, most compelling, most realistic films of 2016.Starring: Ben Foster, Chris Pine, Jeff Bridges, and Gil Birmingham. Directed by: David Mackenzie.                                                                                                                                                             0236317-ca09d39dbbcecafe98dc5c5869aac5c3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000035166 00000000000 015653  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        April 17, 2011 — Mario Gleichmann

Welcome to another episode of Functional Scala!

As promised within the last episode, we’re going to take another detailed look at some more commonly used list functions. As we wanna become well acquainted with the functional side of Scala, we’re again going to implement those list functions one by one. Along the way, we’ll get a better and better understanding on how to apply some of the typical tools within the world of functional programming, like pattern matching, recursion or function composition.

As it turned out, most of us learn best in a synthetical way (that is not by dissecting the frog, but to build one). For that, we’re gonna change the style of the following sections. For every useful function, we’re first looking at their intended behaviour, maybe along with some exemplary showcases. Only when we grasp the intention, we’re trying to come up with a sensible idea for their realization and finally with an implementation. You might consider the whole episode like a little quiz and try to come up with your own solutions before you’ll take a closer look at the presented ones.

I promise, if you take the approach of thinking first of your own, you’ll become much more proficient in writing your own list functions in a more functional style after the end of this episode. So start your favoured development environment and have fun to hack …

A short refresher

All solutions are based on our own list-like data structure, which we’ve invented over the past episodes. For a short refreshment, take a look at the underlying algebraic datatype:

sealed abstract class Lst [+A]{ def +:[S >: A] ( x :S ) :Lst[S] = new +:( x, this ) } case object Nl extends Lst[Nothing] case class +:[A]( x :A, tail :Lst[A] ) extends Lst[A]

You may detected two changes here: first, we renamed our object which represents the empty list from EmptyLst to Nl. This is first of all a conveniance thing. It’s shorter and in the tradition of naming the empty list after the latin word for nothing (nil, nihil). Second, we also renamed our value constructor for consing a head to a given list (as the tail of the newly constructed list). It’s now named +: instead of Cons. This way, we just saved our extractor for doing list deconstruction symmetric to list construction, since we can naturally pattern match on case classes.

Basic list functions

Ok, without any further ado, let’s start with some really basic list functions. We’ve already encountered some of them within the last episode, so i’m not gonna repeat them here again.

empty

Our first function just provides information if a given list is just the empty list or not. So it should behave like in the following samples:

empty( Nl ) // >> true ... empty( 1 +: 2 +: 3 +: 4 +: 2 +: 5 +: Nl ) // >> false ... empty( "a" +: "b" +: "c" +: Nl ) // >> false

In this case, we just make use of the fact, that Scalas case classes come with a sensible implementation of == for testing two instances for equality:

def empty( lst :Lst[_] ) = lst == Nl

head

Here, we’re interested in the head (alas the first element) of a given list. Just look at the examples:

head( Nl ) // >> None ... empty( 1 +: 2 +: 3 +: 4 +: 2 +: 5 +: Nl ) // >> Some( 1 ) ... empty( "a" +: "b" +: "c" +: Nl ) // >> Some( "a" )

In this case, we can again leverage pattern matching for simply splitting the problem space into two simpler cases – the empty list (for which we return None) and a list with at least one element (for which we return just the first element):

def head[A]( lst :Lst[A] ) : Option[A] = lst match { case a +: _ => Some(a) case _ => None }

Of course we also could’ve come up with an unsafe version, which throws an exception in case of an empty list:

def head[A]( lst :Lst[A] ) : A = lst match { case a +: _ => a case _ => error( "no head on empty list" ) }

tail

This is the complement of the head function, which just returns everything but the head.

tail( Nl ) // >> Nl ... tail( 1 +: 2 +: 3 +: 4 +: 2 +: 5 +: Nl ) // >> 2 +: 3 +: 4 +: 2 +: 5 +: Nl ... tail( "a" +: "b" +: "c" +; Nl ) // >> "b" +: "c" +: Nl

The implementation might look like quite similar to the one for head. Maybe pattern matching is a good idea …

def tail[A]( lst :Lst[A] ) : Lst[A] = lst match{ case _ +: as => as case _ => lst }

init

You may remember function last from the last episode, which results into the last element of a given list. Now again, init can be seen as the complement of last, which just returns everything but the last element:

init( Nl ) // >> Nl ... init( 1 +: 2 +: 3 +: 4 +: 2 +: 5 +: Nl ) // >> 1 +: 2 +: 3 +: 4 +: 2 +: Nl ... init( "a" +: "b" +: "c" +; Nl ) // >> "a" +: "b" +: Nl

This one might be a bit trickier. Again, we could split the whole problem into some simpler sub cases: for the empty list, init is just again the empty list. The first successful and easiest case would be a list which only consists of two elements, so we could just return a new list without the last element before the empty list. For all other cases (where the list consists of more than two elements) we just call init on the tail of the list (which must consist of at least two elements). This recursive call will result into a list without the last element, for which we just prepend the given head of the list:

def init[A]( lst :Lst[A] ) : Lst[A] = lst match { case Nl => Nl case a +: last +: Nl => a +: Nl case a +: as => a +: init( as ) }

List construction

Within this section, we’ll regard some functions which will be convenient to use for constructing some special list instances. Some other functions will also construct new list instances based on some already given lists.

repeat

Say we wanna create a list which consists repeadetly of one and the same given value (we’ll see shortly for what this is good for). Since we can’t produce a list which is going to be produced lazily (this is a topic catched by Scalas Stream type, we’re also going to detect in some further eposide), we can’t come up with a potentially infinite list. So in our case we need to give a number for the length of a list for which we’re saying about how often that value should be repeated within the list:

val as :Lst[String] = repeat( "a", 4 ) // >> "a" +: "a" +: "a" +: "a" +:Nl ... val ones :Lst[Int] = repeat( 1, 6 ) // >> 1 +: 1 +: 1 +: 1 +: 1 +: 1 +:Nl ... val succs :Lst[Int=>Int] = repeat( (x :Int) => x + 1, 3 ) // >> (x :Int) => x + 1 +: (x :Int) => x + 1 +: ...

Ok, what about taking an element and a counter and recursively calling repeat by decrementing that counter each time (until we want to repeat that element zero times, which therefor results into an empty list)? Since repeat results into a list, we simply prepend the given value in each recursion step to that produced list:

def repeat[A]( a :A , times :Int ) :Lst[A] = if( times == 0 ) Nl else a +: repeat( a , times - 1 )

interval

Ok, this is a very limited function, since it only creates lists of integer values. In this case, we simply wanna create a list which consists of all integer values from a given starting point upto a given end value (which we presume to be greater as the starting point). In addition to that, we might also wanna give an increment which determines the spread between two neighbor values within that list. Since it’s only a simple helper function (as we’re going to see), let’s just give an implementation for it directly:

def interval( start :Int, end :Int, step :Int ) :Lst[Int] = ( start, end ) match { case( s, e ) if s > e => Nl case( s, e ) => s +: interval( s + step, e, step ) }

Of course we could’ve come up with a more general version which might operate on arbitrary types allowing for enumerating its elements (and therefore providing a sensible order for its values, too).

append

So far, we’re only prepending a new value to a given list to become the head of a new list. But what if we need to append a new value to be the new last element of a given list. Of course, we also wanna do so in a non-destructive way like we did within the last episode when we inserted a new element at an arbitrary position of a given list. Hey, wait a minute! What was that? If appending is like inserting, only limited to a fixed position (namely the last position within a list), why not simply delegating to function insertAt? Luckily we’re able to determine the last position of any given list, simply by using function length, which we’ve also introdiced in the last episode:

def append[A]( a :A, lst :Lst[A] ) : Lst[A] = insertAt( length( lst ), a, lst )

Just keep in mind that appending a value to a given list is really expensive (at least for our list-like data structure), since we need to reassemble the whole list while inserting the new value at the last position!

concat

Now that we know how to add a single value to a given list (no matter at which side), what about concatenating two lists? In this case we wanna receive a new list which just consists of all elements of both lists.

val ints :Lst[Int] = 1 +: 2 +: 3 +: Nl val moreInts :Lst[Int] = 6 +: 7 +: 8 +: 9 +: Nl val strings :Lst[String] = "a" +: "b" +: "c" +: Nl ... val allInts :Lst[Int] = concat( ints, moreInts ) // >> 1 +: 2 +: 3 +: 6 +: 7 +: 8 +: 9 +: Nl ... val mixed :Lst[Any] = concat( ints, strings ) // >> 1 +: 2 +: 3 +: "a" +: "b" +: "c" +: Nl

In this case, we simply prepend the elements of the first list recursively to the second one (which’s then already concatenated with the rest of the first list):

def concat[A,B>:A]( lxs :Lst[A], lys :Lst[B] ) :Lst[B] = ( lxs, lys ) match { case ( Nl, ys ) => ys case ( x +: xs, ys ) => x +: concat( xs, ys ) }

flatten

We just saw how to concatenate two lists resulting into a single list. What about having more than two lists? Say we have a list of lists which elements should all be collected within a single list.You might see it as flattening the list of lists: the inner lists get dissolved within the outer one. Of course are the original lists not deconstructed! We wanna construct a new list, leaving the outer list as well as the inner lists untouched.

You might see the whole process as concatenating two lists repeatedly until all (inner) lists are concatenated:

def flatten[A]( xxs :Lst[Lst[A]] ) :Lst[A] = xxs match { case Nl => Nl case x +: xs => concat( x, flatten( xs ) ) }

Sublists

As the last section within this episode, we’ll take a closer look at some functions which will deliver a certain sublist for a given list.

take

Imagine we need a function which just returns the first n elements of a given list. So clearly we need to give a number how many elements we wanna take from a given list and the list from which the elements are taken from:

val ints :Lst[Int] = 1 +: 2 +: 3 +: +: 4 +: 5 +: Nl ... val firstThree :Lst[Int] = take( 3, ints ) // >> 1 +: 2 +: 3 +: Nl ... val moreThanExists :Lst[Int] = take( 10, ints ) // >> 1 +: 2 +: 3 +: +: 4 +: 5 +: Nl ... val nope = take( 0, ints ) // => Nl

Let’s try to split the problem into some simpler sub problems, once more: first, if we want to take some elements from the empty list, we surely can’t deliver anything else as the empty list itself. second, if we want to take zero elements from any given list, we again receive only the empty list. Finally, if we want an arbitrary number from a non-empty list, we just deliver the first element of the list and take a a decremented number of elements from the rest of the list:

def take[A]( count :Int, lst :Lst[A] ) :Lst[A] = ( count, lst ) match { case ( _ , Nl ) => Nl case ( 0 , _ ) => Nl case ( i, a +: as ) => a +: take( i-1, as ) }

drop

This one is just the opposite of function take. this time we don’t wanna take the first n elements but drop them, resulting into a list with all elements but the first n ones.

The cases here are almost the same: droping from an empty list results into an empty list. Second, dropping zero elements from a given list just result into that list. And finally, dropping an arbitrary number of elements from a given list is just omitting the head of the list and dropping a decremented number from the rest of the list:

def drop[A]( count :Int, lst :Lst[A] ) :Lst[A] = ( count, lst ) match { case ( _ , Nl ) => Nl case ( 0 , as ) => as case ( i, a +: as ) => drop( i-1, as ) }

splitAt

Here, we wanna split a given list at a certain position, resulting into a pair of two sublists. The first sublist will contain all elements from head until the element before the position to split. The second one will contain all elements from the position to split upto the last element:

val ints :Lst[Int] = 1 +: 2 +: 3 +: 4 +: 5 +: Nl ... val (firstTwo,lastThree) = splitAt( 2, ints ) // >> ( 1 +: 2 +: Nl , 3 +: 4 +: 5 +: Nl )

You may wanna think back to those two introduced functions take and drop: Splitting a list can be seen as taking some elements for the first sublist and droping them for the second sublist. So here we go:

def splitAt[A]( pos :Int, lst :Lst[A] ) : (Lst[A],Lst[A]) = ( take( pos, lst ), drop( pos, lst ) )

Of course you may say, that we’ll traversionf the original list twice (well, in the worst case for splitting near the end of a list). First for taking the first n elements and then again for dropping them. Of course we could come up with another implementation, which just traverses the list only once:

def splitAt[A]( pos :Int, lst :Lst[A] ) : (Lst[A],Lst[A]) = ( pos, lst) match { case( _ , Nl ) => (Nl,Nl) case( 0, as ) => ( Nl, as ) case( i, a +: as ) => val (p1,p2) = splitAt( i-1, as ); ( a +: p1, p2 ) }

See that thirs case expression? It’s a bit ugly since we need to put prepending the given head after the recursive split for the rest of the list (otherwise you would end up with a reversed list)

Summary

We could continue with that quiz for hours and hours. There are far more useful list functions we haven’t discovered yet! Hopefully you did some ruminations and experimentation for yourself for getting an even better understanding and feeling on how to operate on lists in a more functional style.

In this episode we just saw some of those commonly used list functions and gave a rather straightforward implementation. We did all this by only using pattern matching, recursion and delegation to some other known functions.

We’re by far not at the end. As promised within the last episode, we’ll encounter some very powerful functions which we’ll levrage to build most of the functions we discovered today in a more concise (but also more abstract) way! But before we’ll get there, we need to extend our functional tool box. We’ll see how to kind of derive new functions out of some already given functions by using currying. Don’t be afraid! It’s not about indian food but receiving another mighty tool which allows us to become an even more powerful apprentice of functional programming in Scala. So hope to see you there …                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0236337-82f2c6fead33bd3e6010b77027f52e18.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004502 00000000000 015105  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Road trips have been a mainstay of travelling for as long as motorized vehicles have been invented. They involve a small group of individuals who often reveal a variety of emotions and opinions within a claustrophobic, confined space. This may create closer bonds among said parties, or invoke greater distance and argumentativeness. Regardless, personal truths, epiphanies, and an increased sense of clarity can emerge from such heated discussions. All of the above occur in the vibrant 1994 Australian film “The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert”, whereby dramatic music magnifies the vast, tortuous landscape and diverse wildlife of the breathtakingly beautiful Australian Outback.

Anthony ‘Tick’ Belrose (Hugo Weaving) accepts a proposal to perform at a casino managed by his estranged wife in Alice Springs. He works as a drag queen in Sydney named Mitzi Del Bra in Sydney, and asks two other fabulous Sydney queens to join him – grieving Bernadette Bassinger (Terrence Stamp) who identifies as transgender, and flamboyant Adam Whitely a.k.a. Felicia Jollygoodfellow (Guy Pearce). In a cheaply bribed bus christened “Priscilla”, they travel to their destination with an extremely healthy dose of glitter, glamour, ABBA, and some stellar lip-syncing. Unfortunately, they encounter and experience intense discrimination, ignorance, and frustration. However, compassion, acceptance, bonding, mutual respect, and self-discovery grow throughout their journey.

In all of her glory, Priscilla acts as a vehicle to help the characters learn more about themselves and others through the act and art of conversation in a barren, isolated region. They each are confronted with fears surrounding relationships, judgment, and authenticity throughout the film, emerging with enhanced positivity, well-being, and self-actualization. This type of voyage is quite relatable to all individuals, as we all suppress aspects and tasks in our daily lives that seem insurmountable. Nevertheless, challenging these perceived and real fears can allow us to evolve into a more fulfilled, genuine version of ourselves.

I do not own the above image.

This post is a part of the Ultimate 90’s Blogathon hosted by Drew at Drew’s Movie Reviews and Kim at Tranquil Dreams. Please go to the sites and reminisce about the decade that was…the 90’s!

Advertisements                                                                                                                                                                                              0236251-4ec5a9360685cdc61f6b2bf830b55888.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004034 00000000000 015045  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        REDDITCH Council has come under fire for plans to heat a leisure centre using waste energy from the town’s crematorium.

Town hall chiefs want to use the heat generated by Redditch Crematorium, which is currently pumped into the atmosphere, to heat the Abbey Stadium and its facilities which includes a swimming pool.

If the plans are approved the council will be the first in the country to use a crematorium to heat a leisure centre in that way.

However, the proposal has proved controversial with some.

Simon Thomas, of Thomas Brothers Funeral Directors, called the plans "strange" and "eerie".

"I'm not comfortable with it at all and I think trying to save money due to the death of someone's family member or friend is a bit sick,” he said.

"I think it will cause uproar and may even put people off using the facilities which would lose the council money.”

Council chiefs say the move would reduce CO2 (carbon dioxide) emissions and be an efficient and environmentally friendly way of using the heat.

It would also mean offsetting the demand for mains natural gas for the new leisure centre by 42 per cent over the course of a year, which would give a financial saving of £14,560 per year.

Defending the plans, council leader Carole Gandy said: “I think a lot of the concern is people not fully understanding what we are trying to do.

“If we are going to build a new leisure centre and heat it then we want to look at all the options available to us.

“And one of the options is this. Instead of the waste heat going out the chimney it will be diverted down a pipe to part heat the stadium.

“Nothing more than using left over heat - that is it.”

Coun Gandy added: “I do realise however that some people may find the plans hard to accept and I’m sorry about that.

“We want to allay people’s fears and that is hopefully where a public briefing comes in.”

A meeting to discuss the plans will be held on Thursday, January 27 from 12.30 -1.30pm at the town hall before it is discussed at the council's executive committee on February 1.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0236191-cb934edbd20923d95dbab131a2cbaf77.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010424 00000000000 015372  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In this article, I’d like to clarify the differences in DTO vs Value Object vs POCO where DTO stands for Data Transfer Object, and POCO is Plain Old CLR Object, also known as POJO in Java environment.

DTO vs Value Object vs POCO: definitions

First of all, I want to make a note regarding Value Object. There’s a similar concept in C#, namely Value Type. It’s just an implementation detail of how objects are being stored in memory and I’m not going to touch this. Value Object, which I’m going to discuss is a DDD concept. Check out this article to read more about it.

Alright, let’s start.

You might have noticed that such notions as DTO, Value Object and POCO are often used interchangeably. But are they really synonyms?

DTO is a class representing some data with no logic in it. DTO’s are usually used for transferring data between different applications or different layers within a single application. You can look at them as dumb bags of information the sole purpose of which is to just get this information to a recipient.

On the other hand, Value Object is a full member of your domain model. It conforms to the same rules as Entity. The only difference between Value Object and Entity is that Value Object doesn’t have its own identity. It means that two Value Objects with the same property set should be considered the same whereas two Entities differ even if their properties match.

Value Objects do contain logic and, typically, they are not used for transferring data between application boundaries.

POCO (Plain Old CLR Object) is a term created as an analogy for POJO only because “POJO” itself can’t be used in .NET as the letter “J” in it stands for “Java”. Thus, POCO has the same semantics as POJO.

POJO was introduced by Martin Fowler and others to oppose JavaBeans and other heavy-weight enterprise constructions that gained a lot of popularity back in early 2000’s.

The primary goal of POJO is to show that domain can be successfully modeled without bringing to the table complexity related to the execution environment (and JavaBeans brought a lot of it in its early versions). Moreover, the execution environment shouldn’t have anything to do with domain modeling at all.

There’s no direct analogy for JavaBeans in .NET because Microsoft has never introduced the same concept, but we can come up with some made up parallel to help express this concept.

You can think of Component class from System.ComponentModel namespace as an opposite for POCO. There are a lot of classes in .NET that inherit from Component, for example, DBCommand from System.Data and EventLog from System.Diagnostics.

Of course, in most cases, you wouldn’t create a domain class inheriting from Component. It just doesn’t make any sense, because such approach brings a lot of unnecessary complexity, thus contradicting the YAGNI principle.

Another good example of non-POCO approach is Entity Framework before 4.0 version. Every class EF generated inherited from EntityObject base class and thus brought a lot of complexity specific to Entity Framework. Since version 4.0, Entity Framework introduced POCO data model which allows for use of classes that don’t inherit from EntityObject.

That said, POCO stands for use of as simple classes as possible for domain objects. This notion helps conform to YAGNI, KISS and other best practices. POCO classes can contain logic.

DTO vs Value Object vs POCO: correlations

Are there any connections between these terms? There are a few.

First of all, DTO and Value Object represent different concepts and can’t be used interchangeably. On the other hand, POCO is a superset for DTO and Value Object:

In other words, Value Object and DTO shouldn’t inherit any heavy-weight enterprise components and thus they are POCO. At the same time, POCO is a wider set: it can be Value Object, Entity, DTO or any other class you might create as long as it doesn’t inherit complexity accidental to your domain.

Here are properties for each of them:

Note that POCO may both have and not have its own identity. It depends on what type of POCO it is: Value Object or Entity. Also, POCO may or may not contain logic in it. It depends on weather or not POCO is DTO.

Summary

Alright, I hope I made it at least a little bit clearer. I’d like to summarize this topic with the following:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0236234-c460bfc2b3bb842fd180a5c8343f2e1b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005072 00000000000 015231  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Emanuel Medeiros told delegates at Soccerex that the unnamed club is subject to an ongoing police investigation

A professional European football club is being run by criminals, the former chief of the European Professional Football Leagues has alleged.

Emanuel Medeiros believes the club, which he would not name, is being run by an organised crime syndicate through a front company.

"I have evidence, but I cannot say which club or which country," he said.

Medeiros, now head of the International Centre for Sport Security (ICSS), was speaking at Soccerex in Manchester.

He added: "This is not new, we have been aware of these kinds of developments since 2003, but there is an ongoing police investigation.

"It's a very serious matter."

Speaking to BBC Sport after the debate in Manchester, Medeiros called match fixing "a cancer which is widespread and deadly", but stressed football's understanding of the issue is greater than ever.

"Criminals are creative individuals, they have a fertile imagination," he added.

"We are here to deter them and also prevent them.

"We're also here to give hopes and dreams for future generations that sport can be safe, secure and clean."

Interpol's John Abbott was also part of the debate surrounding match fixing at Soccerex

John Abbott, who is leading Interpol and world governing body Fifa's initiative to reduce corruption in football, also took part in the debate.

He also refused to comment on possible ongoing investigations.

Asked if he was aware of Mr Medeiros's claim involving organised criminals, he said: "If we are talking in the past tense, yes.

"But it would be very unwise of me, as a person representing a law-enforcement organisation, to talk about things that might be currently investigated."

Mr Abbott also told BBC Sport he had seen "a rapid increase in reports of alleged match-fixing" around the globe.

He alleged the practice is "being driven by professional criminals, exploiting betting markets, whether they are legal or illegal".

In a separate incident last November, the National Crime Agency arrested six men in connection with an investigation into alleged match fixing in English football.

Among those charged were former Premier League player Delroy Facey, 34, and former non-league player Moses Swaibu, 25.

Both men will appear before Birmingham Crown Court on 19 September.

Last December, police arrested six people in connection with an investigation into spot fixing in English football.

A former Premier League defender allegedly told an undercover reporter he had been involved in rigging matches in return for money.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0236151-3f324d44b2cec2db1a44dde456cf4a77.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003451 00000000000 015316  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        By Michael Collins: Floyd Mayweather Jr. is not only giving WBC lightweight champion Adrien Broner (25-0, 21 KO’s) a spot on his next pay per view fight undercard on May 4th from the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, Nevada, but Mayweather Jr. is also putting Broner on his HBO 24/7 series for whoever he fights next.







Mayweather said in a video on his twitter “May 4th is my date and he’s [Broner] going to be on my undercard AND 24/7 and give them a chance to go between the scenes to see how Adrien Broner lives the life story. We ain’t nothing but cousins. “

Broner: “I’m still waiting for an opponent.”

Mayweather: “The ultimate goal is to get you to the level where it don’t matter who you go in there with. You with Mayweather.”

That is the goal but it’s going to take some quality match-making to get Broner to that level. He’s not going to get to that level wasting time at lightweight fighting the likes of Gavin Rees or wasting valuable time trying to fight Ricky Burns. Those fights aren’t going to turn Broner into another Mayweather no matter how much he fights like him. Broner has to fight some guys that are on the boxing map and I’m talking about the U.S boxing map.

Broner can fight a 100 Gavin Rees and Ricky Burns and it won’t mean a thing to U.S boxing fans because they’ll see those fights as mismatches going in and coming out. Broner needs to take on some guys like Brandon Rios. Miguel Vazquez, Danny Garcia, Lucas Matthysse, Lamont Petersson, Amir Khan, Victor Ortiz, Devon Alexander, Keith Thurman, Luis Carlos Abregu, Marcos Maidana, Robert Guerrero, Tim Bradley and Manny Pacquiao. Those are the fighters that are going to increase Broner’s value, not Rees or Burns. Those opponents are a waste of time for Broner and he needs to get with it find out what time it is.                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236320-1f43f2cf13c690d368e352a38c1247f7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012517 00000000000 014753  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As Ponzi-master Bernie Madoff repeats jailhouse acquisitions that senior JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) officials “had direct knowledge” of his fraud, a theft from investors now estimated at $17.3 billion, a lawsuit filed in Manhattan yesterday pointed the finger directly at the bank’s teflon Chief Executive Jamie Dimon and 12 additional current and former JPMorgan directors and employees.

Bank “uniquely positioned” to see crimes

As Madoff’s bank and prime broker, “JPMorgan was uniquely positioned for 20 years to see Madoff’s crimes and put a stop to them,” the lawsuit said, reiterating what is a growing question.

The banking and prime brokerage relationship a hedge fund has is among its most strategic and intimate. Like its accounting relationship, the bank has access to the profit and loss statements, but the banking / brokerage relationship is more intimate. Unlike an accountant, the bank’s brokerage unit typically is expected to understand what’s going on inside the hedge fund’s investment strategy. In the Madoff Ponzi scheme there was very little “investing.” In fact the amazing returns cited often were the source of considerable buzz and even disbelief among hedge fund professionals that a strategy could operate so consistently regardless of market environment.

Alternative investment brokerage firms processing trades are known to watch as the fund manager executes the investment strategy. Regulators typically rely on brokerage firms, actually mandated in certain rules, to assist in preventing fraud. Knowledge of a fraud and not reporting suspicious activity, or covering up that activity, is typically the source of significant regulatory and criminal scrutiny.

A 121-page complaint against JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), unsealed Thursday by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court, says “By October, 2008, JPMC’s London office reported to the United Kingdom’s Serious Organised Crime Agency (SOCA) that it knew Madoff was ‘too good to be true,’ and a likely fraud…Incredibly…JPMC still did nothing to stop the fraud.”

Lawsuit: Bank executives confronted Madoff, then backed off

While there is a plethora of evidence against JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) cited in the complaint, perhaps most damning are charges that two senior JPMorgan executives went as far as to confront Madoff with “significant concerns about irregularities.” The suit says that the bank was “petrified” with losing business after one associate of Madoff, the late Norman Levy, had threatened to pull his business away from J.P. Morgan if questions about Madoff didn’t stop.

The relationship between Madoff, Levy and JPMorgan is interesting to consider. The lawsuit claims JPMorgan examined reports that Madoff was required to produce on Levy, a former client of JPMorgan and Madoff. The reports made it appear that Madoff was not investing Levy’s money or lending him money on margin. As Levy’s banker, J.P. Morgan saw his brokerage accounts, which showed margin accounts with the Madoff firm, according to reports.

DoJ settlement doesn’t mention key Levy relationship

The lawsuit says Madoff’s account of the relationship between Levy and J.P. Morgan is confirmed by testimony in the bank’s deferred prosecution agreement with the DoJ. In the government’s January settlement of criminal and civil charges against JPMorgan, where the bank agreed to settle charges it ignored serious signs of the fraud for $2.6 billion, the DoJ only identified Levy only as “Private Bank Client” and did not mention what is being considered a key element in the case.

DoJ accused of not revealing criminal information

It’s important to put into context that official DoJ documents in the case failed to mention the Levy relationship with JPMorgan and Madoff, as it might be construed as a smoking gun of sorts. This January, Better Markets, a non-partisan organization promoting financial reform, sued the DoJ over a $13 billion settlement with JPMorgan concerning unregulated mortgage derivatives irregularities at the center of the 2008 financial crisis. The suit claims, among other things, the DoJ should not be allowed to withhold from public view potential criminal information. “The DOJ and the Attorney General have used the settlement amount of $13 billion as a sword and a shield to deflect questions and blind people to the utter lack of meaningful information about their unilateral action and JP Morgan Chase’s illegal conduct,” the complaint reads. Serious questions remain regarding DoJ involvement in blocking the investigation into MF Global and its CEO, Jon Corzine. JPMorgan was the custodian bank and clearing firm for MF Global when $1.6 billion of customer funds “disappeared” and were later located. A large percentage of funds MF Global had transferred were ultimately found at JPMorgan.

Lawsuit against JPMorgan executives filed by JPMorgan shareholders

Frustration exists in certain quarters with the apparent impunity in which JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) executives are allowed to operate. For instance, after being hit with $20 billion in regulatory fines in 2013, the most in history of any bank, JPMorgan’s board of directors gave Jamie Dimon a 74% raise.

The lawsuit against the bank was filed on behalf of JPMorgan shareholders by Central Laborers Pension Fund and Steamfitters Local 449 Pension Fund, who are also shareholders in the bank.                                                                                                                                                                                 0236245-35db5fede760a8b6baea30c45c1a4afd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005236 00000000000 015537  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        This is an interesting one. Usually when people build a bike as an ‘art project’, the bike will either become a trailer queen or end up sitting in a garage and rarely ridden. Not this one. It may have been photographed in the builders art gallery, but it has already raced at Bonneville during the 2012 Speed Week. This CB750K is the first build by Brad Barber, who has raced at Speedweek before but usually in a vintage BMW car. “I’m most proud of passing the tough Bonneville tech inspection first time through” he says. The bike raced well but missed out on doing the ‘ton’ by a measley 1mph. “I only went 99mph due to carb issues which is why I switched to the Keihins”. Brad is planning on taking the new and improved bike back to Bonneville next year and with a few mods is hoping to clock 120mph.

The build started with a complete engine and transmission being rebuilt to stock spec with mild porting. For extra grunt, the carbs have been upgraded to Keihin CR-S 29mm. The frame was altered, detabbed and an aluminum panel added from the rear tank mount back. Square steel tubing swingarm was also added along with new vintage shocks. The front forks were rebuilt with new forks by Frank tubes, progressive suspension springs and cartridge emulators.

Triple clamps have been reworked and reshaped. The Shorai battery has been mounted under rear seat with a custom mount. A complete wiring harness was fabricated with new vintage style connectors and new wire. The stunning aluminum gas tank was fabricated by the guys at Rock City Cafe Racers. The rear bodywork has been heavily modified from fiberglass part which was also from Roc City. The headlight, tail light, speedo and tach were bought from Dime City – Brad modified the taillight to fit into the kick up frame panel on the rear.

The black pipe wrapped 4-into-1 headers make there way to a modified Vance & Hines exhaust – which looks like it makes a ballsy bark. Gauge mount, headlight mount, number plate, exhaust collector mount, hugger & hugger mount, chain guard, rear brake link,electrical component tray, and license bracket were all fabricated by Brad. The wheels are powder coated and laced with Buchanan’s spokes. The orange wheels have been wrapped in Dunlop Sport GT501 100/90 x 19 Front, 140/80 x 17 Rear. The leather seat pads are made from leather and were stitched by David Groomer of Houston.

This bike took Brad over two years to build and even though it was built as an ‘art project’, it’s seen more action than Paris Hilton. Nothing beats a piece of art that can do the ‘Ton’ on a salt flat, don’t you agree?

Photos were taken by Kevin McCauley in Houston’s ‘Nicole Longnecker’ Gallery.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236159-fd45cb13e56adeeef052b1b396974bdb.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000027400 00000000000 015417  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Why people don't rise up massively today? Why there are no real revolutions? How we tolerate all things that have been imposed to us? These questions come up in people's minds more and more often today in Greece and abroad, due to the economic crisis. Some theories are circulated as an answer, among these, explanations which include, for example, the psychosynthesis of modern Greeks, but the truth is that there is something more fundamental behind this passive behaviour and concerns not only Greece, but the entire Western world.





by system failure





Prior to the beginning of the 20th century, Friedrich Nietzsche declares God's death and Western world will put all its hopes in science. Laplace's Determinism leads to the almighty man, who through science, can find all the answers for the world. Technology, which naturally comes from scientific discoveries, promises prosperity and a better life for the majority.





Science becomes the central "pylon" taking all the weight of the Western cultural structure, but not for long. In the beginning of 20th century, through the new theories in Physics and Mathematics, science will realize that it is unable to describe precisely the world and give accurate answers about how the Nature, the Universe itself, works. Relativity and uncertainty is what characterizes everything and man discovers that human senses and various experiments, are simply quite inadequate to describe precisely the reality. The human mind understands only a depiction of the real world adjusted to the human senses. Unavoidably, human speech itself discovers its own limits.





It's a shocking discovery which leads to the conclusion that man will never find the answers that seeks for the world, either through Religion, or Science and marks the beginning of a cultural crisis of the Western world, which is taking place for over a century until today.





The rise of “homo consumericus”





The beginning of this crisis marks the "mutation" of Western societies, leading them to a kind of introversion as, the transcendental and the explanation of the world are increasingly moving away from the centre of human search. Science verifies the primitive nature of man and technology opens the road for mass production. Thus, the father of Public Relations, Edward Bernays, using the theories of his uncle, Sigmund Freud, will transform America of the Twenties into a huge experimental laboratory of mass consumption. It is the birth of the man-consumer or homo consumericus.





During the next decades, an extreme one-dimensional and mechanistic perception for human nature will totally prevail. The new discoveries in Biology together with Freud's theories, are presenting man as an entity, which is driven by its own genes and instincts.





People like the economists F.A. Hayek and Milton Friedman, novelist Ayn Rand, mathematician John Forbes Nash and psychiatrist Ronald David Laing, will promote the idea that man is an egoistic being which works only for its own personal interest. Extreme individualism becomes increasingly one of the basic characteristics of the Western man and concepts such as altruism, collectivity and solidarity are dismissed from the central core of his thought. The Western man accepts rationally that these concepts are clearly utopian and that they will never be applied massively in societies.





But the basic principles of these theories which led to this dominant perception, were often arbitrary, if not wrong. For example, John Nash believed that, every man is occupied by a distrust feeling against the others and continuously plans strategic moves against them in order to benefit himself. He designed some games based on this philosophy, one of which was called "fuck your buddy", (later published as "so long sucker"), according to which, the only way someone to beat his opponent was to betray him. The game would be proved consistent under a logical basis if every player was behaving the same way. But when some analysts from the strategic analysis company RAND, tried to test it using their secretaries, the later chosen to cooperate instead of betraying each other. However, this was not enough for analysts to conclude that the philosophy of this game was wrong and thought that the secretaries were simply unsuitable people for this experiment.





But, at that time, Nash himself was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia and he was very suspicious with all men of his environment, even his colleagues because he was convinced that many of them were conspiring against him. Many years later, Nash admitted that these paranoid beliefs were imaginary.





Another example is that of the famous psychiatrist Ronald David Laing who used the game theory to build a certain model for human behaviour. He concluded that people are inherently selfish and spontaneously planning various strategies during their everyday transactions.





All these theories enhanced the beliefs of some economists like F. A. Hayek, whose economic models were totally excluding altruism and were totally dependent on personal interest. Another economist, James M. Buchanan, disputes the concept of "public interest" and supports that organizations should be managed by people whose motive is money. Concepts like "feeling of personal fulfilment" or "sense of duty", are not included in their theories.





During 60s and 70s, Laing's theories and Nash's models become more and more famous, targeting state and present it as a mechanism which tries to control people through an increasingly concentrated power.





The new generation of psychoanalysts after Freud, with Wilhelm Reich at the top, will contribute to the amplification of individualism and "demonization" of the state. Reich was opposed to Freud's ideas - who believed that human instincts should be controlled because they could bring chaos in societies - and believed that people should be left totally free to express their feelings, as each one likes, and not to repress their instincts. The big corporations followed this kind of personal free expression and started to promote their products targeting the person and its personal needs.





The downgraded concept of Liberty in Western neo-rationalism





The liberation movements of the third world during 50s and 60s inspired domestic terrorism, mainly during 70s in European nations. As these movements and organizations had brought bloodbath and violence, the Western world adopted a restricted and downgraded version of the concept of Liberty.





The great political philosopher Isaiah Berlin, during a speech at the Oxford University in 1958, will define two concepts of Liberty: Positive Liberty and Negative Liberty. The concept of Positive Liberty, coming from the revolutionary movements of the past, concerns mainly the dynamic resistance against the tyrannic and colonial regimes of the past and imposing through violence, as also Sartre believed, a more equitable and humanitarian society. The concept of Negative Liberty refers to the restricted act of individuals inside some specific limits of a political and economic activity under specific rules, in order not to disturb the balance of the corresponding sociopolitical system.





Berlin believed that only the concept of Negative Liberty is suitable for a balanced society without violence, but he had also warned that this type of Liberty could lead to authoritarian practices. However, the so-called neo-conservatives, appeared during 70s in the United States, adopted Negative Liberty and placed it at the central core of their political view, planning to expand peace and democracy all over the world and amplify the internal security of the US.





Some politicians like Bill Clinton and George W. Bush adopted this perception later and tried to establish Western-type democracies based on this concept of Negative Liberty, maintaining also the "fundamentalism" of the big, mostly American, corporations and banks. They applied a massive violence in other countries (Iraq, Yugoslavia, Somalia, etc.), bringing another bloodbath through a different way. At the same time, they imposed progressively, new measures of repression and restrictions of civil liberties in Western democracies in the name of protection against terrorism, thus verifying Berlin's warning.





Governments used propaganda and tactics based on human psychology and therefore, the belief that interceptions and repression measures are inevitable was inserted inside the Western neo-rationalism, as an excuse to secure Western societies from terrorist attacks. This culture, however, during all these decades, has deprived from man something much more substantial: the Vision itself.





Abandoning Vision





Generations of pragmatists grow with cliches like "this is the best society we can have", or, "humans are what they are and will never change". Thus, ethic, in many cases, ends to be a kind of luxury and replaced by a crude economic pragmatism and an extreme cynicism.





But the stereotype "humans are what they are and will never change", for example, does not come eventually from an empirical process during our life. In other words, it is not a conclusion which comes through life as we grow, as many of us believe. In reality, it is a dogmatic belief which was "planted" inside the Western neo-rationalism and became one of its basic building blocks as a result of all these theories which affected Western thought deeply, mostly during the last 100 years. Therefore, as a basic building block of the Western neo-rationalism is reproduced from generation to generation.





Through this course all these decades, Vision becomes a concept without meaning, it becomes useless. The Western man learns to compromise with the current situation since the retirement from a search of a better society is established permanently at the core of the Western neo-rationalism. Therefore, the lack of Vision leads to a more terrifying result concerning the concept of Liberty: Liberty has been downgraded to a more fundamental level since the "lobotomized" brain has lost its capability to imagine ideal situations beyond the limits imposed by its nature.





A whole generation of politicians with similar perception and culture will appear. Margaret Thatcher declares that there is no such thing as society, but only individuals, Clinton will deliver economy to the free market after the advice of the bankers and Francis Fukuyama will announce in triumph the end of history. All present politicians in Europe and United States, or other countries, are children of this culture and this is clear from the technocratic way through which they take decisions. When they are not able to decide, they act through the logic of giving the problems to other advisors-technocrats which due to this specific culture can be found everywhere around them.





And now, the cruel reality spreads in front of people's eyes. The end of history and the free market were proven fairy tales. A brutal system takes back its promises for peace, prosperity and stability, through destructive capitalism. Labor rights, civil liberties and social benefits dismantled violently by nation-states which are self-destructed to give their sovereignty to the dictatorship of the markets.





The more the welfare state, human and labor rights retreat, the more difficult the "recovery" of Vision becomes. Situation becomes worse in front of the attack of neoliberalism. Vision becomes not only a utopia, but also a luxury because the top priority of people is to survive. The concept of Liberty itself tends to disappear permanently inside increasingly militarized societies of private armies.





One may wonder: Why people don't rise up massively? Why don't they react? Because they don't believe in anything anymore, of course. Because the only truth for them is that there are limits which they must not exceed. Not only God has died, but Vision itself.





Related articles:











                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0236336-5943f2c59831e357799bc117ed8e84cf.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016144 00000000000 015017  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Tonight was the annual Samsung event at MWC, where thousands of media folk descend on the Centre de Convencions Internacional de Barcelona, situated along the waterfront, to see the latest Samsung gadgetry announced. As is customary for my posts in the past from the event, I (mostly) ignore all the phone stuff. It’s just not my cup of tea. Instead, I’m focused on the wearables (none this year), however as was the case of this year – the action cam.

Samsung Gear 360 Camera:

Late into the presentation, they introduced their Gear 360 camera. This builds on the concepts they showed off at CES with their Project Beyond (which was aimed at pro photographers). The new Gear 360 cam is roughly the size of a nectarine, and fits pretty easily in the palm of your hand:

The camera is capable of 30 megapixels via its combined 2x15MP cameras, each with an aperture of F2.0. The two cameras each have a 195° field of view, with the slight overlap being used for stitching the imagery together. The net of that is a still image size of 7,776 x 3,888px.

However, do keep in mind that anytime you talk megapixel or resolution numbers on 360° cameras, things get skewed really quick. That’s because those megapixels and resolutions are spread out across the entire 360° view around you. So you really need to divide it up quite a bit. Thus when companies talk about a 4K action camera, you need to ask: Is any given view 4K? Or just the full resolution of the 360° image? If it’s the full resolution, that’s not so exciting.

In the case of the Samsung Gear 360, the total video resolution is a smidgen under 4K, at 3840 x 1920 (4K is 3840 x 2160). It’s somewhat odd they didn’t find a way to bridge that tiny resolution gap, and give them the marketing perception benefits associated with 4K branding. As for any given individual view, Samsung reps on-hand noted that it’s going to basically be 1080p.

The unit streams video to Samsung Galaxy S7/S7 Edge phones, but Samsung wouldn’t clarify yet whether it’ll work with other Samsung phones – or even non-Samsung Android phones (let alone iOS devices). History tells us that Samsung connected accessories tend to be Samsung-only, so I wouldn’t expect to see that change here.

On the flip-side, their heavily touted partnership with Facebook (Zuck was on-hand) and the desire to drive sales to the $99 Gear VR, make it a possibility we’ll see more focus there.

Speaking of which, Facebook touted their partnership and specifically their upcoming switch to ‘Dynamic Streaming’, to ensure that the portion of the 360° video you’re looking at is ~4X higher in resolution/clarity than before. So basically, they re-allocate the streaming bandwidth to focus on what you’re seeing at that moment, versus streaming the entire video (portions you aren’t looking at) at higher quality. This is actually rather important – because it’s been one of the challenges of 360° video playback. They (Facebook) plan to roll this out over the coming weeks.

When wearing the Gear VR headset with the Gear 360 cam content, you can view the video from the Gear 360 just as any other virtual reality headset. Thus you rotate your head around and you see the portion of the video that you’re ‘looking’ at. Speaking of which, the thousands of media/journalists/partners/etc all found Gear VR units not only on their seats, but under their seats. After the event, all were to take one with them (the boxed one under the seat). I figure at some point some lucky (local) DCR reader will pick it up as part of a giveaway. Perhaps a spring-time DCR Cave event?

So is the unit defined as an ‘action cam’? Well, sorta. It features a standard tripod mount, so you could easily mount it to a selfie stick or any number of 3rd party mounts for your helmet or other locale. However, by itself it isn’t waterproof. For that you’ll need a separate waterproof case that Samsung is going to sell, which will give you IP68 waterproofing (1 meter deep for 30 minutes). Interestingly, these were the same waterproofing specs that the new G7 phones have. They did not have the cases on-hand though.

For a video walk-through of the unit, check out the below snippet I put together:

Finally, there’s no release date available, beyond a vague ‘Q2 2016’ (so Apr 1st to June 30th). Nor any pricing, other than saying it’ll be market competitive in price. However senior reps I chatted with hinted that Facebook may be partially subsidizing it (similar to what appears to be going on with the Gear VR headset at $99, as Zuckerberg alluded to on stage). If we talk normal pricing, that’d likely put it in the $399 price range, like many other 360° action cams. However, we have the upcoming GoPro 360° action cam for consumers, likely dropping in April. So that’ll be a driving factor as well. And my guess is, that’s what Samsung is waiting for price-wise.

Samsung S7 Phone Tidbits:

Now regulars around here know that I don’t really cover the phone segment. Just not my thing. There are plenty of awesome sites out there that cover them well.

However, there were a few tidbits that I thought were interesting from the 45+ minutes of that portion of the presentation I had to sit through pondering where I was going to get pizza afterwards. These tidbits are most applicable to the sporting realm.

– The Samsung S7 phone is IP68 waterproof: Now you’ll remember that Samsung introduced waterproofing some time ago for their phones. However, the official specs of the waterproofing were questionable at best (though it generally did well in tests). However now this official spec means it can last 30 minutes at 1-meter deep of water. That’s reasonably impressive.

– You’ll get a Gear VR (virtual reality headset) when you pre-order the Samsung S7: There have been some that have toyed around with VR units in bike trainer rides. I’ve actually tried some of these out over the years, and thus far – the experience is sick. No, not sick in a good way, but sickening. Seriously, you’ll get sick trying to pedal (stay upright) and orient yourself. This isn’t really a Samsung problem, but just the reality of the situation today. This market has huge potential, but applying it to a cycling trainer so far doesn’t work well for me. Still, there’s huge market for many other areas. For example, just watching the Tour de France in 360° could be super cool with 360° cams situated on moto support or team car vehicles.

– Includes a MicroSD card storage slot: So now you can buy that $12 micro-SD card, instead of spending $100-$200 more for the same storage. This is useful if you’re using your phone as a replacement action cam. And given said phone is now legit waterproof, this is actually quite a valid use.

– Still dual ANT+/Bluetooth Smart Enabled: Samsung has long had ANT+ connectivity within their phones, and that continues as well with the S7. Of course, like every other smartphone on the market, it also has Bluetooth Smart support via the full Bluetooth stack.

With that – stay tuned for all sorts of new stuff coming out this week here at Mobile World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona. This place is just getting warmed up!

Thanks for reading!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0236135-ee477b2c8a3bded78eb8ed7963d7ec40.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011761 00000000000 015441  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Los Angeles Dodgers center fielder Jerry Hairston Jr., left, right fielder Yasiel Puig, right, and left fielder Skip Schumaker celebrate the victory against the Mets. (Photo: Gary A. Vasquez, USA TODAY Sports) Story Highlights The Dodgers beat the Mets, 4-2

L.A. is 38-8 in its past 46 games, the franchise's best stretch in the modern era that began in 1900

Nick Punto homered for just the second time this season and celebrated with actor Danny DeVito

LOS ANGELES (AP) — Two runs down? No sweat for these confident Los Angeles Dodgers.

Adrian Gonzalez scored the go-ahead run on Yasiel Puig's sacrifice fly that capped a three-run sixth inning, helping the Dodgers beat the New York Mets 4-2 on Monday night for their sixth straight victory.

The deficit was small compared to Friday, when the Dodgers rallied from six runs down to beat Tampa Bay on a walkoff.

BOX SCORE: Dodgers 4, Mets 2

"It's a special group. Hopefully, special things can happen," said Nick Punto, who homered in the seventh. "We have a lot of talent on this team and things are clicking."

The Dodgers improved to 38-8 since June 22, the franchise's best 46-game stretch in the modern era that began in 1900. The 1899 Brooklyn Superbas had 38 wins in several 46-game stretches between April and June of that year.

Overall, it's the best 46-game run for a major league team since the 2001 Oakland Athletics went 38-8 between Aug. 2 and Sept. 27.

"The confidence is really high," Dodgers manager Don Mattingly said. "Our pitching has been great."

PETE ROSE: How his Hall of Fame chances improved

Gonzalez went 3 for 4 and drove in a run for the seventh straight game, the longest RBI streak since Adrian Beltre's eight-game run from July 17-24, 2004.

Ricky Nolasco (9-9) extended his winning streak to three. The right-hander allowed two runs and seven hits in 6 1/3 innings. He struck out two and walked two, retiring 11 consecutive batters during one stretch.

"I made a lot of good pitches," he said. "A lot of their hits were well-placed."

YU DARVISH: Dominance proven in one stat

Mets catcher John Buck played with Nolasco in Miami.

"He never gives up and never gives in to hitters," he said. "He executes pitches when he needs to, and keeps the team in the ballgame, and that's the thing I remember from him when I was there."

Kenley Jansen got the final four outs to earn his 18th save in 21 chances. He has retired 32 of the last 33 batters he has faced with 18 strikeouts since July 23.

Jenrry Mejia (1-2) gave up three runs — two earned — and six hits in six innings as the Mets' two-game winning streak ended. The right-hander struck out four and walked none. He retired his first eight batters.

New York had won five of six.

Ahead 2-0, Mejia allowed three straight singles to open the sixth, capped by Gonzalez's RBI single over the head of leaping shortstop Omar Quintanilla.

"We actually tried to go down and away to him, and I think it just rode up and in a little bit on him and missed the spot," Buck said. "It was one of those things where he just jammed him in the right spot."

Center fielder Juan Lagares scooped up the ball and fired it to third, but it went off the glove of Wilmer Flores and into the Dodgers' dugout as Gonzalez took third.

That allowed Mark Ellis to score from first behind Carl Crawford, tying the game 2-2.

Puig followed with a sacrifice fly to left field that scored Gonzalez, making it 3-2.

Punto homered for just the second time this season, extending the Dodgers' lead to 4-2 in the seventh.

Danny DeVito came on the field after the game wearing Punto's No. 7 jersey.

Your browser does not support iframes.

"I didn't get it back, either," said Punto, who met the actor for the first time. "I've never seen someone so excited. He said, 'It felt amazing for me. It must have felt good for you.'"

New York had the tying runs on first and second in the eighth with two outs. Jansen came in and retired pinch-hitter Justin Turner on a called third strike.

The Dodgers got out of a jam in the seventh, when the Mets had runners on first and second with two outs. Daniel Murphy lined out to right, and Puig caught the ball over his shoulder while running toward the wall.

"They've been amazing," Nolasco said about the bullpen. "To get out of a bases-loaded jam in the seventh was great."

The Mets led 2-0 in the second on RBI singles by Buck and Quintanilla after Nolasco gave up four consecutive singles to open the inning. Quintanilla's 17 RBI set a single-season career high.

Notes: Jansen had his second four-out save of the season, with the other coming at Colorado on July 3. ... The Dodgers' six-game winning streak ties their season high for the third time. ... Nolasco has faced the Mets more than any other team in his career, with 26 games and 24 starts, and 139 2/3 innings pitched against them. ... Mets LF Eric Young cartwheeled over the wall trying to catch a foul ball by Punto one swing before his homer.

Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.               0236347-6e41e5b8e9f331fc1aa46b7369ae0f55.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015626 00000000000 015213  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        “ZDF Heute,” a leading news program on German TV, reported, on January 25, 2016, that terrorists are using the asylum channel to enter countries where they plan to carry out terrorist attacks. The German news program mentioned three recent cases. The first case was the terrorist attacks in Paris, on November 13, 2015. Among the perpetrators were two terrorists who entered Greece as asylum seekers and then traveled to France via the so-called Balkan route. They carried forged Syrian passports in the names of Ahmad al-Mohammad and Mohammad al-Mahmod. They arrived on the Greek island of Leros, on October 3, 2016, where their fingerprints had been taken.

ISIS later glorified the Paris attackers in the manifesto “Black Flags From the Islamic State.” This manifesto, quoted by John Rossomando in IPT News, describes how “the plotters evaded detection by Western intelligence.” “This has shocked the intelligence agencies and many European countries are thinking about closing their borders so future Mujahideen cannot escape to neighboring countries.” The only attacker who survived was Abdelhamid Abaaoud, a Belgian-Moroccan national from Brussels. John Rossomando adds: “Black Flags From the Islamic State brags that Abaaoud slipped in and out of Europe hiding among the refugees traveling through Turkey into Greece and then deeper into the continent.” This was shortly before the terrorist attacks in Paris.

The second case, mentioned by ZDF Heute, was the terrorist attack on two policemen in Paris on January 7, 2016 – exactly one year after the terrorist attacks on the satirical Paris weekly Charlie Hebdo. The perpetrator entered a police station, wove a meat cleaver and shouted "Allahu Akhbar." The police killed him just in time. He was wearing a fake explosive belt and possessed a letter with an ISIS flag printed on it. This man had been registered as an asylum seeker in the German town of Recklinghausen. He was known there as “Walid Salihi from Hama,” Syria. But he used a number of other fake identities, claiming to be Moroccan, Tunisian or Georgian. He had a huge crime record and was known as an ISIS sympathizer in the asylum seekers center of Recklinghausen. Yet, the overburdened police failed to monitor him closely, with fatal consequences. Using at least eight identities, he had applied for asylum several times and there was nobody who raised the alarm. In fact, he was a Tunisian immigrant who turned out to be a criminal and a terrorist.

The third case, mentioned by the editors of ZDF Heute, was the terrorist attack which killed ten German tourists in Istanbul’s famous Sultan Ahmet Square on January 12, 2016. The perpetrator, Nabil Fadli, was an ISIS suicide bomber who had crossed the border from Syria to Turkey, just one week before, and had been registered as a refugee, shortly after his arrival. Fadli was originally from Saudi Arabia and lived in an area of Syria which was, and still is, under ISIS control. The Wall Street Journal quotes Turkish officials who said that the Islamic State suicide bomber “registered here (in Istanbul, V.) as a refugee without setting off security alerts – even though his brother had blown himself up in Syria.” “The revelation highlighted concerns that extremists are using the migrant crisis to cross borders and carry out terrorist attacks.” ZDF Heute claims that four other men accompanied Nabil Fadli but their whereabouts are unknown.

The German news program interviewed Berlin terrorism expert Guido Steinberg, author of an excellent study on “Al-Qaedas Deutsche Kämpfer” (Al-Qaeda’s German Fighters). “There is a fair chance that other terrorists will enter the country without being detected,” Steinberg warned. “There is no better way for ISIS to do this but by using the Balkan route.” ZDF Heute claims that there are now 5,000 European jihadists who have joined dangerous terrorist groups in Syria and Iraq, a huge number. The security services and the police are overwhelmed. They were unable to prevent the above mentioned terrorist attacks. These jihadists pose a very serious security risk as it is impossible to monitor all of them.

The Dutch weekly Elsevier reported, on December 3, 2015, that a Syrian asylum seeker had been arrested in the Dutch city of Zaandam, near Amsterdam. This asylum seeker reportedly told other asylum seekers that he was an Islamic State fighter.

The same weekly quoted “Elias,” a 22-year-old Eritrean asylum seeker in Holland, who said that migrant traffickers in Greece offered forged passports to those willing to pay 7,000 euros. (Elias not his real name.) These asylum seekers would then be able to fly directly to Holland.

Elias speaks Arabic, as he and his family previously lived in the Syrian capital of Damacus. Very interesting is a conversation among “refugees” that he overheard when he was still on the Greek island of Kos: “I heard how a group of refugees who were IS-fighters were having a conversation among themselves. They didn’t like the war any longer and fled. All of them went to Germany. From that moment I knew that I didn’t want to go to Germany myself.”

Elias is a Christian who is concerned about the threat posed by radical Muslims. He is now learning Dutch; however, he soon noticed that other asylum seekers from Eritrea and Somalia were not interested in learning the Dutch language. “Instead, they wanted to learn Arabic,” Elias said. “They asked us how you pronounce the word ‘Damascus.’ By pretending to be Syrians, they think that they have a better chance of being accepted by the immigration authorities.”

Elias could be a genuine asylum seeker. But many other Eritrean asylum seekers are sent to Europe and the United States by the despicable Eritrean regime and are causing serious problems in Holland, Germany, France, Sweden and Britain. They are forced to pay extortion money to agents of the Eritrean regime abroad, or to embassy, or consular officials. The British International Business Times reported, on February 10, 2014, that the “Eritrea dictatorship extorts millions of pounds in ‘diaspora tax’ scam.” The regime collects “a 2% income tax on Eritrean nationals living abroad.” Critics of the regime have frequently been intimidated.

Elias told Elsevier two important things. Firstly, he said that it is easy to buy forged passports in Greece and, secondly, he overheard a conversation among ISIS fighters who planned to apply for asylum in Germany. The Dutch news program, RTL4 News, recently reported that thousands of Lebanese citizens bought forged Syrian passports and entered Europe posing as Syrian refugees. European governments are unable, or unwilling, to do anything about it. Criminals and terrorists, also from North Africa, take advantage of the current migration crisis in Europe. Therefore, more terrorist attacks carried out by asylum seekers are surely to follow.

Emerson Vermaat is an investigative reporter in the Netherlands. Website: www.emersonvermaat.com.                                                                                                          0236332-82cd624d1af7f12274a1209679dc174b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003474 00000000000 014753  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Danish conglomerate Maersk expects to lose between $200-300m due to Petya ransomware infection, according to their latest quarterly results.

http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/ABEA-3GG91Y/3491525620x0x954059/3E9E6E5C-7732-4401-8AFE-F37F7104E2F7/Maersk_Interim_Report_Q2_2017.pdf

A Windows Object Linking Embedding (OLE) interface vulnerability in Microsoft PowerPoint in being exploited in order to install malware.

https://www.neowin.net/news/microsoft-powerpoint-used-as-attack-vector-to-download-malware

Interesting blog about the exploitation of a Foxit Reader.

"A tale about Foxit Reader - Safe Reading mode and other vulnerabilities"

https://insert-script.blogspot.sk/2017/08/a-tale-about-foxit-reader-safe-reading.html

Engineer decrypts Apple's Secure Enclave Processor (SEP) firmware.

http://www.iclarified.com/62025/hacker-decrypts-apples-secure-enclave-processor-sep-firmware

Facebook awards $100,000 to 2017 Internet Defense Prize winning paper "Detecting Credential Spearphishing Attacks in Enterprise Settings". Very useful research for urgent topic.

https://www.usenix.org/conference/usenixsecurity17/technical-sessions/presentation/ho https://research.fb.com/facebook-awards-100000-to-2017-internet-defense-prize-winners/

Cryptographic library Libsodium has been audited by Matthew Green of Cryptography Engineering.

https://www.privateinternetaccess.com/blog/2017/08/libsodium-audit-results/

New research on integer factorization suggests that "build a massive decryption tool of IPsec traffic protected by the Oakley group~1 (a 768-bit discrete logarithm problem), was feasible in a reasonable time using technologies available before the year 2000." https://eprint.iacr.org/2017/758

EggShell is an iOS and macOS post exploitation surveillance pentest tool written in Python.

https://github.com/neoneggplant/EggShell                                                                                                                                                                                                    0236374-6e0920eeee50424880a66333cd23eea3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002047 00000000000 015027  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        There are 12 active users currently online. Comments

RSH

TIME MACHINE TOR PICTURES Huntington Center - Toledo, Ohio

April 13th, 2011 The "Time Machine 2010-11" Tour spanned from June 29th through October 17th, 2010 and March 30th through July 2nd, 2011 | Tour Dates | --- | Set List | --- | Tour Book |

Rush Live at the Huntington Center -- Toledo, Ohio -- April 13th, 2011

It was a long awaited return for Rush in Toledo. The last time they played there was during the Roll The Bones Tour 1991 on November 16th at the University of Toledo.The April 13th show was nothing short of spectacular. The boys played with extreme precision and clearly enjoyed themselves and the audience.The Huntington Center was a great venue to see the band perform. It provided great sound and a great view (for me at least). It's a small venue by Rush standards with the capacity set somewhere near 9,000. I'm hoping they play their again someday.In addition to the amazing show I got to meet some fellow fans who recognized me from previous shows, which is always a treat.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0236307-030419b59fdc92801b1ced5709ccd0a6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002526 00000000000 015103  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Citizens from the Republic of Moldova are one step away from travelling without visas in the EU. The Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs Committee of the European Parliament voted today in favour of the proposal to lift travel visas for Moldovan citizens holding a biometric passport. The visa liberalisation proposal will be voted in the EP plenary in Strasbourg on the 25th of February.

The EPP Group Rapporteur, Vice-Chairman Marian-Jean Marinescu, commented: “The procedure was quick, it went very well. In November, the European Commission proposed that visas are lifted, and in less than three months we did everything necessary and the Parliamentary Committee voted in favour of the proposal. The EP plenary will now cast the final vote on the 25th of February and I am 100% sure that we will have a positive result. The Republic of Moldova needs to be supported and encouraged to tighten its relations with Europe, and the efforts of the Chisinau government in accomplishing key reforms, in line with EU values, need to be rewarded. There is a large majority in the EP in this respect. Moldovan citizens will travel freely in the EU in a maximum of three months.”

Marian-Jean Marinescu was also the EP Rapporteur on the proposal that led to the simplification of the visa procedures for Moldovan citizens travelling to the EU, approved last year.                                                                                                                                                                          0236346-663094ed048a5942f630773c5c928f95.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002323 00000000000 014562  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        

Supreme Court justice Antonin Scalia. (Kevin Lamarque/Reuters)

Sen. Bernie Sanders had a measure of praise for the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia on Sunday, calling him a "brilliant man," even though the two disagreed on most issues.

"Clearly he was a brilliant man, a very colorful man, a very outspoken man," Sanders, a Democratic presidential candidate, said during an interview on Fox News Sunday.

"I happen to respect people who are willing to come under public scrutiny and serve their country," Sanders said.

"He and I had very different points of view, but I respect people who are willing to serve their country."

Scalia, a conservative firebrand on the court, died unexpectedly Saturday at a West Texas ranch. The vacancy he leaves on the bench has triggered an immediate political conflict, with Republicans calling for the Senate not to confirm a nominee before President Obama leaves office.

Sanders and Democratic presidential rival Hillary Clinton have criticized Republicans for threatening to block an Obama nominee.

"I think we want a full contingent on the United States Supreme Court," Sanders said on Fox. "We are dealing with enormously important issues, and the Constitution is pretty clear."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0236364-5dcff0ad29bf6f464ba1271eeebaef83.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007033 00000000000 015555  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        I have several well-meaning believers in my life. These people, for good or for ill, often come to me with requests:

“Will you come to church with me?”

“Will you read the book of John for me?”

“Will you listen to this song for me?”

So far, I’ve only said no to one of these offers. Shortly after my mother discovered my deconversion, she said to me, “If I send you a Bible, will you read it?” I politely, but firmly, told her no.

A simple assignment isn’t going to “fix me”

I’m not inside the mind of the people who make these requests, but I imagine they believe that if I do what they ask me to do, it will cause me to discover Jesus, the RealJesus™. I understand why they want me to convert; it’s the same ole spiel, if you truly think people go to hell without Jesus, of course you want to spread your world view.

But I don’t think they understand why their technique doesn’t work.

I’ve read the Bible many, many times. In high school, I listened to a substantial amount of Christian music. I’ve been to a plethora of churches. They aren’t introducing me to anything I’m not familiar.

In a way, this is an extension of my “Condescension Isn’t Kindness” post and my “Please Stop Trying to Explain Why People Leave the Church” post. People are trying to be kind in how they approach me, but they still ultimately believe they can change my world view with a simple act. Like their instruction can revive my faith in a way that my prayers and own Bible study didn’t.

If there was a one-size fits all path to reconversion, modern Christians would have found it by now. I do think reconversion is possible; I’m not one of those atheists who thinks that those who return to the faith were never actual atheists. I think its healthy for beliefs to change and evolve. I could eventually start believing in God again, but I don’t personally think so.

But rereading books of the Bible that I’ve read time and time again aren’t doing it for me. Listening to worship song after worship song isn’t doing it for me. I haven’t been to church in well over a year, but I’ve accepted invitations that no one has ever taken me up on. If what I had been doing didn’t stop me from leaving the faith, why would it bring me back?

I didn’t leave the faith at a time where I was distant from my faith. I went to church every Sunday. I was involved in a small group. I was close friends with a pastor at my church and his wife. I read and studied the Bible frequently.

But I still left.

The man who asked me to read the Book of John is a man I respect a lot. He’s asked me to pray and say, “God, if you’re real, please make me feel something as I read this book.” I plan on doing this for him, but, after this, I no longer plan to indulge such requests from Christians.

Equal opportunity potential convert

If a Buddhist or a Muslim or what-have-you asks me to do something, I’ll likely do one or two things, just to keep it fair. I have a copy of the Qur’an gifted to me from the Masjid in Oxford that I’ve never read. I have read the Bhagavad Gita which, to be perfectly honest, really shook up my world view.

The closest thing I have to a belief in God right now is my Ganesha necklace, made from a chain and pendant purchased at my local Michael’s. I put it on and said to myself, “Remove all the obstacles in my path,” several times. It’s likely just placebo, but I do feel better while I wear the pendant. Regardless of any potential supernatural powers, it’s pretty and I enjoy wearing it. That’s enough for now.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0236330-098f81bf6590e0656b9688dc56ec45e1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006231 00000000000 015001  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Have you ever wondered why the buckets in histograms are not just counters of events that fall into each bucket?

Let us say that you have a histogram with the default buckets recording latency, and had observed events of size 0.04s, 0.2s, 0.3s, 1s and 5s. The text format output would look like:

# HELP example_latency_seconds Some help text # TYPE example_latency_seconds histogram example_latency_seconds_bucket{le="0.005"} 0.0 example_latency_seconds_bucket{le="0.01"} 0.0 example_latency_seconds_bucket{le="0.025"} 0.0 example_latency_seconds_bucket{le="0.05"} 1.0 example_latency_seconds_bucket{le="0.075"} 1.0 example_latency_seconds_bucket{le="0.1"} 1.0 example_latency_seconds_bucket{le="0.25"} 2.0 example_latency_seconds_bucket{le="0.5"} 3.0 example_latency_seconds_bucket{le="0.75"} 3.0 example_latency_seconds_bucket{le="1.0"} 4.0 example_latency_seconds_bucket{le="2.5"} 4.0 example_latency_seconds_bucket{le="5.0"} 5.0 example_latency_seconds_bucket{le="7.5"} 5.0 example_latency_seconds_bucket{le="10.0"} 5.0 example_latency_seconds_bucket{le="+Inf"} 5.0 example_latency_seconds_count 5.0 example_latency_seconds_sum 6.54

The 0.05 bucket has one sample, as you'd expect. But the 0.25 bucket has two samples, even though there's only one sample in the range 0.1 < x <= 0.25. This is as the le stands for less than or equal to, and each bucket includes the samples of the buckets below it. Thus the +Inf bucket is the total number of samples, which will match up with the _count .

This is surprising to some, as they expect histograms to be non-cumulative. So why does the format use cumulative histograms, rather than the more intuitive non-cumulative alternative?

The answer is operational. Cardinality is always something to consider with labels, and a histogram by default will have a cardinality of 10 for its buckets. If additional labels are added to the histogram, or more buckets are added, then histograms can get rather expensive. Having cumulative histograms means that some buckets can be dropped at ingestion time, reducing the cost to Prometheus while still allowing (somewhat less accurate) quantiles to be calculated. This buys you time to get the application code changed to reduce the cardinality.

For example if we wanted to drop all the buckets below 100ms at ingestion time, the following relabelling configuration could be used:

scrape_configs: - job_name: 'my_job' static_configs: - targets: - my_target:1234 metric_relabel_configs: - source_labels: [ __name__, le ] regex: 'example_latency_seconds_bucket;(0\.0.*)' action: drop

You can drop as many or as few buckets as you like, however the +Inf bucket is required for histogram_quantile .

The potential high cardinality of histograms is also one reason a histogram has a _sum and _count . Even if you drop all the bucket time series, you can still calculate an average latency with just those two time series.

In addition this approach makes it easy to calculate the proportion of events below a given bucket, for example the ratio of events below 1s could be calculated with example_latency_seconds_bucket{le="1.0"} / ignoring (le) example_latency_seconds_bucket{le="+Inf"} .

Want help planning for cardinality? Contact us.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236361-0a685ebddf6daa32b6adca02e9dc500f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000023267 00000000000 015536  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        For the best Italian-American meatballs, we use a couple tricks, like incorporating gelled stock and using a buttermilk panade.

Get the Recipe Juicy and Tender Italian-American Meatballs in Red Sauce

This week at Serious Eats is all about meatballs in all of their glorious forms. We'll share some of our favorite restaurant meatballs (from all different cuisines), and we'll feature recipes for great ones to make at home. Kicking it off this week is none other than the Italian-American meatball, topper of spaghetti, surface for cheese, famous for fleeing at the sound of a sneeze.

For the past several weeks I've been tinkering away, trying to figure out how to make the best Italian-American style meatballs possible. Halfway though my journey, my girlfriend Kate tasted a batch, looked at me and said, "Baby, you've nailed it."

"No I haven't," I said. "These aren't even close." I was chasing an image I had in my mind of what the perfect meatball would be, and I wasn't going to quit until I got there. What I imagined was a meatball large enough to look hefty, but so light and tender a spoon could slide through it with almost no resistance—a floater, not a sinker, as Ed put it one day in the office. In a lot of ways I was imagining the meatball version of a matzo ball, weightless and weeping juices when you cut through it.

At times I wondered if I was chasing a chimera.

Then late one night over the holiday, home alone after a long day of testing, I sat down with a bowl of that day's meatballs in red sauce. I pushed my spoon into one, scooping a piece off with ease. Moisture glazed the exposed surface. I took a bite and my eyes filled with beef- and pork-fat tears.*

*I'm happy to report my cholesterol is still good despite my recent diet.

Everyone has their own idea of what the ideal meatball is. Here's how I made mine.

The Meat

A lot of people make their meatballs with three different kinds of meat: beef, pork, and veal. I decided right off the bat that I was cutting the veal from mine, for no other reason than it's harder to find and can be expensive. There's so much going on in these meatballs that I don't think even veal devotees will miss it, but if you're one of those folks who feels veal must be included, there's nothing stopping you—just get 2/3 of a pound of each of the three meats (to total two pounds), and then follow the recipe as written with that. It's true that veal does contain significantly more gelatin than pork or beef, and it's something we'll need to account for down the line.

In my Swedish meatball tests, I played with the beef-to-pork ratio quite a bit, since I was aiming for a very particular springy texture, the result of heavily mixed meat. Here, I simplified things with a 1:1 ratio of beef to pork, since I was going for a looser mix, not quite as loose as a good hamburger, but not tight either.

The Panade

Following on my Swedish meatball tests, I knew I wanted to use a panade made with fresh bread, since I had found that dried breadcrumbs produce a denser, drier meatball. To add even more moisture and to help the bread break down into the blend, it soaks in a liquid first. A lot of recipes call for water or milk, but I wanted really full-flavored meatballs here, so I experimented with a few different liquids, including milk, red wine, and buttermilk.

Buttermilk ended up winning in my taste tests, its tartness boosting the flavor of the meatballs and helping to balance some of the richness of the meat and fat. Red wine, if you're curious, is absolutely awful.

It's important to make sure that the the bread is completely moist throughout; after letting it stand for several minutes, mash it with your fingers or a spoon to make sure.

The Flavorings

I wanted a meatball with tons of flavor, so I went with a more-is-more approach. That said, if you don't want something, like the fennel seed I flavored mine with, you can just leave it out, or add another seasoning instead. This part is highly customizable.

I started with plenty of minced onion, leaving it raw so that it would retain some texture in the finished meatballs.

I also added a really generous dose of minced garlic (read more on how different mincing methods can affect the flavor of food here).

Parsley adds a fresh flavor.

And dried oregano gives the meatballs that quintessential Italian-American profile.

Then I let the grated Parmigiano-Reggiano rain down.

For the salt, I've found in my tests that four teaspoons of kosher salt give just the right amount of seasoning for this amount of meatball mixture. It's worth pointing out you need to take into account the type of salt used when measuring by volume. Fine table salt is denser and therefore more salty teaspoon-for-teaspoon than coarse kosher salt. So, for example, four teaspoons of table or fine sea salt will make these meatballs too salty. You can avoid this problem by weighing the salt (18 grams in this case).

Ultimate Tenderness and Juiciness

Perhaps the most important thing—even more important than flavorings—is that the meatballs are tender and juicy. I took a few different steps to get there.

Fat

The first thing I did was add minced pancetta to the mixture. As the meatballs cook, the tiny bits of pancetta slowly render, releasing their fat into the meatball and boosting the juiciness (not to mention flavor).

After testing this several times, though, I need to stress that the fattiness of the pancetta is crucial—and that's a quality that can vary a lot from one product to another. In the photo above, the pancetta is at least 50% muscle, which is too lean. It didn't add as much moisture as it would have, had the pancetta been mostly fat.

Moisture

A couple years ago I worked on a story on how to make soup dumplings with chef Joe Ng, an expert in dumplings and dim sum. The general trick for soup dumplings is to fold a ball of meat along with some gelled broth in the dumpling skin, so that when cooked, the broth melts and forms a soup in which the ball of meat floats. But in Ng's more refined version, he finely minces the gelled stock and blends it into the meat filling, so that when cooked the meatball inside practically dissolves.

I wanted to borrow that idea, but with a lot less stock, since I didn't want my meatballs to dissolve once cooked. I add just enough that it creates tiny little pockets of moisture inside each meatball. As they cook, they shed some of those juices, but there's still plenty left inside.

I'll admit that this is the one part of the recipe that might seem like a little too much of a pain in the butt. If this is the only thing standing between you and making these meatballs, know that it's entirely optional. You'll get amazing meatballs either way.

The Temper

Okay, on to mixing it all together. Here's the challenge: The panade (that soaked bread mixture) is essential for light and moist meatballs, but it's very difficult to mix it in thoroughly without over-beating the meat. For my Swedish Meatballs, that wasn't an issue, since I wanted the meat to be heavily mixed, but here I don't—springy, emulsified Italian-American meatballs just aren't what we're going for.

But minimally mixing the meat almost always guarantees that you'll get little bits of unincorporated bread in the meatball. This is one advantage of dry breadcrumbs, since their granular size means they disappear into the mixture without too much effort. But as I mentioned above, I didn't want to use dried breadcrumbs, since they make meatballs that are more dense than I want.

To solve this problem, I came up with a technique I've been calling "the temper," which is very loosely inspired by the tempering of eggs into a custard (that is, gradually introducing the eggs into hot cream or milk to prevent scrambling).

Here, I start by blending the panade with all of the flavoring and moisture ingredients, whipping them until completely blended.

Then I add a portion of the beef and pork, about a third of each, and whip the hell out of that until the meat is completely blended with the bread and seasonings.

All by itself, this amount of beating would produce meatballs with a tight, sausage-like texture.

To avoid that, I then work the remainder of the meat into the mixture by hand, being careful to distribute it thoroughly but not over-mix it. Those little bits of ground meat are going to deliver a meatball that still has the texture of ground meat, not quite as loose as a hamburger, but not as tight as a sausage either.

Now they're ready to be formed.

I go for big, handball-sized balls.

Cooking

There are a lot of ways to approach cooking the meatballs. For the tenderest texture, you could poach them right in the sauce, but you'd lose out on the flavor that browning adds, and in this case that flavor is important to me.

Browning, though, comes with its own set of options. Pan frying is one, but with meatballs this large, I find it too easy to deform them in the pan, and too difficult to brown them evenly. Instead, I find that broiling is the fastest way to get an even sear.

The Sauce

Once browned, I simmer the meatballs in tomato sauce until just cooked through. I've found that the longer they simmer, the more juices they lose.

I suppose that benefits the sauce, but I'd rather have juicy meatballs, so I try not to cook them any longer than is necessary.

As for the sauce itself, we have plenty of options for you here at Serious Eats, including Kenji's awesome slow-cooked oven sauce, my quick-and-easy red sauce (the one I used for all my tests here), and even my sauce made from fresh tomatoes.

It's like a dream come to life.

Get the Recipe Juicy and Tender Italian-American Meatballs in Red Sauce View Recipe »

This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0236338-7fc301732c13056c7eb44d5fd7e5931f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000077373 00000000000 015056  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As published at the end of the brand new Fool’s Quest paperback, and generously shared by @motleybee on their blog here, here, here, and here. Transcribed by yours truly with the help of the delightful @failed-the-voight-kampff, @utulien-aure and the very keen eyes of @art-is-blind for the most reluctant blurry words!

Femmerosa helped supply the missing words that were cut in the photographs and the text is now complete! Much thanks!

Don’t hesitate to PM me if you see any remaining typos in there.

Finally, a warning: this takes up right after the end of FQ and is obviously quite spoilery! Tag your spoilers, kids.

Enjoy!





Update (9 July): Femmerosa just typed up the intro part of the chapter!! It’s now been added at the beginning (with permission) and BOY is it worth a read.

There is a peculiar strength that comes to a man when he knows he is facing his final battle. That battle is not limited to war, nor the strength to warriors. I’ve seen this strength in old women with the coughing sickness and heard of it in families that are starving together. It drives one to go on, past hope or despair, past blood loss and gut wounds, past death itself in a final surge to save something that is cherished. It is courage without hope. During the Red-Ship Wars, I saw a man with blood gouting from where his left arm had once been, yet swinging a sword with his right as he stood protecting a fallen comrade. During one encounter with Forged Ones I saw a mother stumbling over her own entrails as she shrieked and clutched at a Forged man, trying to hold him away from her daughter.

The Outlslanders have a word for that courage. Finblead, they call it, the last blood, and they believe that a special fortitude resides in the final blood that remains in a man or a woman before they fall. According to their tales, only then can one find and use that sort of courage.

It is a terrible bravery - and at its strongest and worst, it goes on for months when one battles a final illness. Or, I believe, when one moves toward a duty that will definitely result in death but is completely unavoidable. That finblead lights everything in one’s life with a terrible radiance. All relationships are illuminated for what they are, and for what they truly were in the past. All illusions melt away. The false is revealed as starkly as the true.

FitzChivalry Farseer

As the taste of the bark spread in my mouth, the sounds of the turmoil around me grew louder. I lifted my head and tried to focus my stinging eyes. I hung in Lant’s arms, the familiar bitterness of elfbark suffusing my mouth. As the bark damped my magic, I became more aware of my surroundings. My left wrist ached with a bone-deep pain, searing as frozen iron. While the Skill had surged through me, healing and changing those I touched, my perception had shrunk, but now I was fully aware of the shouting of the crowd enclosing me as the sound bounced from the lofty walls of the elegant Elderling chamber. I smelled fear-sweat in the air. I was caught in the press of the mob, with some Elderlings fighting to get away from me as others were shoving to get closer. So many people! Hands reached toward me, with cries of ‘Please! Please, just one more!’ Others shouted, ‘Let me through!’ as they pushed to get away from me. The Skill-current that had flowed so strongly around me and through me had abated, but it wasn’t gone. Lant’s elfbark was the milder herb, Six Duchies grown and somewhat stale by the taste of it. Here in the Elderling city, the Skill flowed so strong and close I did not think even delvenbark could have closed me to it completely.

But it was enough. I was aware of the Skill but no longer shackled to its service. Yet the exhaustion of letting it use me now slackened my muscles just when I had most need of them. General Rapskal had torn the Fool from my grasp. The Elderling gripped Amber’s wrist and held her silvered hand aloft, shouting, ‘I told you so! I told you they were thieves! Look at her hand, coated in the dragon’s silver! She has discovered the well! She has stolen from our dragons!’

Spark clung to Amber’s other arm, trying to drag her free of the general’s grip. The girl’s teeth were bared, her black curls wild around her face. The look of sheer terror on Amber’s scarred face both paralyzed and panicked me. The years of privation the Fool had endured were betrayed in that stark grimace. They made her face a death mask of bones and red lips and rouged cheeks. I had to go to the Fool’s aid, and yet my knees kept folding of their own accord. Perserverance seized my arm. ‘Prince FitzChivalry, what must I do? What must I do?’ I could not find breath to reply to him.

‘Fitz! Stand up!’ Lant roared right next to my ear. It was as much plea as command. I found my feet, and pressed my weight against them. I strained, shuddering, trying to keep my legs straight under me.

We had arrived in Kelsingra just the day before, and for a few hours I had been the hero of the day, the magical Six Duchies prince who had healed Ephron, the son of the king and queen of Kelsingra. The Skill had flowed through me, as intoxicating as Sandsege brandy. At the request of King Reyn and Queen Malta I had used my magic to set right half a dozen dragon-touched children. I had opened myself to the powerful Skill-current of the old Elderling city. Awash in that heady power, I’d opened throats and steadied heartbeats, straightened bones and cleared scales from eyes. Some I’d made more human and one girl had actually wished to embrace her dragon changes and I’d helped her do that.

But the Skill-flow had become too strong, too intoxicating. I’d lost control of the magic, become its tool instead of its master. Even after the children I’d agreed to heal had been claimed by their parents, others pushed forward. Adult Rain Wilders with changes uncomfortable or ugly or life-threatening had begged my aid, and I had dispensed it with a lavish hand, caught in the vast pleasure of that flow. I’d felt my last shred of control give way, but when I’d surrendered to that glorious surge and its invitation to merge with the magic, Amber had stripped the glove from her hand. To save me, she’d revealed the stolen dragon-silver on her fingers. To save me, she’d pressed three scalding fingertips to my bare wrist, and burned her way into my mind and called me back. To save me, she’d betrayed herself as thief. The hot kiss of her fingers’ touch still pulsed like a fresh burn, sending a deep ache up the bones of my arm, to my shoulder, to my back and neck.

What damage it was doing to me now, I could not know. But at least I was again anchored to my body. I was anchored to it and it was dragging me down. I’d lost track of how many Elderlings I’d touched and changed, but my body had kept count. Each one had taken a toll from me, each shaping had torn strength from me, and now that debt had to be paid. Despite all my efforts, my head lolled and I could scarcely keep my eyes open amidst the danger and noise all around me. I saw the room as through a mist.

‘Rapskal, stop being an ass!’ That was King Reyn adding his roar to the din.

Lant abruptly tightened his hug around my chest, dragging me more upright. ‘Let her go!’ he bellowed. ‘Release our friend, or the prince will undo every cure he has worked! Let her go, right now!’

I heard gasps, wailing, a man shouting ‘No! He must not!’ A woman screamed, ‘Let go of her, Rapskal! Let her go!’ Malta’s voice rang with command as she cried out, ‘This is not how we treat guests and ambassadors! Release her, Rapskal, this moment!’ Her cheeks were flushed and the crest of flesh above her brow bloomed with colour.

‘Let go of me!’ Amber’s voice rang with authority. From some deep well of courage she had drawn the will to fight back on her own behalf. Her voice cut through the crowd’s noise. ‘Release me, or I will touch you!’ She made good her threat, surging toward Rapskal instead of trying to pull her hand free. The sudden reverse shocked him, and her silvered fingers came perilously close to his face. The general gave a shout of alarm and sprang back from her as he let go of her wrist. But she was not finished. ‘Back, all of you!’ she commanded. ‘Give us room and let me see to the prince. Or by Sa, I will touch you!’ Hers was the voice of an angered queen, pitched to carry her authority. Her silvered forefinger pointed as she swung it in a slow arc around her, and people were suddenly stumbling over one another in their haste to be out of her reach.

The mother of the girl with dragon feet lifted her voice. ‘I’d do as she says!’ she warned. ‘If that is truly dragon-silver on her fingers, one touch of it will mean slow death. It will seep down to your bones, right through your flesh. It will travel your bones, up your spine to your skull. Eventually, you will be grateful to die from it.’ As others were falling back from us, she began pushing her way through the crowd toward us. She was not a large person but the other dragon keepers were giving way to her. She stopped a safe distance from us. Her dragon had patterned her in blue and black and silver. The wings that weighted her shoulders were folded snug to her back. The claws on her toes tapped the floor as she walked. Of all the Elderlings present, she was most heavily modified by her dragon’s touch. Her warning and Amber’s threat cleared a small space around us.

Amber retreated to my side and I heard her draw a shuddering breath. Spark stood on her left side and Perseverance took up a position in front of her. Amber’s voice was low and calm as she said, ‘Spark, retrieve my glove if you would.’

‘Of course, my lady.’ The requested item had fallen to the floor. Spark stooped and cautiously picked it up in two fingers. ‘I will touch your wrist,’ she warned Amber, and tapped the back of her hand to guide her to her glove. Amber was still breathing unsteadily as she gloved her hand but, weak as I was, I was horribly glad to see that she had regained some of the Fool’s strength and presence of mind. She linked her unsilvered hand through my arm and I was reassured by her touch. It seemed to draw off some of the Skill-current still coursing through me. I felt both connected to her and less battered by the Skill.

‘I think I can stand,’ I muttered to Lant and he loosened his grip on me. I could not allow anyone to see how drained I was of strength. I rubbed my eyes and wiped elfbark powder from my face. My knees did not buckle and I managed to hold my head steady. I straightened up. I badly wanted the knife in my boot, but if I stooped for it, I knew I would not stop until I sprawled on the floor.

The woman who had warned the others stepped into the empty space that now surrounded us, but stayed beyond arm’s reach. ‘Lady Amber, is it truly dragon-silver on your hand?’ she asked in quiet dread.

‘It is!’ General Rapskal had found his courage and took up a stance beside her. ‘And she has stolen it from the dragon’s well. She must be punished! Keepers and folk of Kelsingra, we cannot be seduced by the healing of a few children! We do not even know if this magic will last or if it is a cheat. But we have all seen the evidence of this intruder’s theft, and we all know that our first duty is and must always be to the dragons who have befriended us.’

‘Speak for yourself, Rapskal.’ The woman gave him a cold stare. ‘My first duty is to my daughter, and she no longer totters when she stands.’

‘Are you so easily bought, Thymara?’ Rapskal demanded with scathing disdain.

The father of the child stepped into the circle to stand beside the woman called Thymara. The girl with the dragon feet rode on his shoulder and looked down on us. He spoke as if he scolded a wilful child, rebuke tinged with familiarity. ‘Of all people, Rapskal, you should know that Thymara cannot be bought. Answer me this. Who has it harmed that this lady has silvered her fingers? Only herself. She will die of it. So what worse can we do to her? Let her go. Let all of them go, and let them go with my thanks.’

‘She stole!’ Rapskal’s shout turned to a shriek, his dignity flung to the wind.

Reyn had managed to elbow his way through the crowd. Queen Malta was right behind him, her cheeks pink beneath her scaling and her eyes fiery with her anger. The dragon changes in her were amplified by her fury. There was a glitter in her eyes that was not human, and the crest of flesh in the parting of her hair seemed taller: it reminded me of a rooster’s comb. She was the first to speak. ‘My apologies, Prince FitzChivalry, Lady Amber. Our people forgot themselves in their hopes of being healed. And General Rapskal is sometimes—’

‘Don’t speak for me!’ the general interrupted her. ‘Do not dismiss what I’m pointing out. She stole silver. We saw the evidence, and no, it’s not enough that she has poisoned herself. We cannot let her leave Kelsingra. None of them can leave, for now they know the secret of the dragon’s well!’

Amber spoke. She sounded calm but she pushed her words so that all could hear. ‘May I prove that there was silver on my fingers for years? Before you were born, I believe, General Rapskal. Before your dragons hatched, before Kelsingra was found and reclaimed, I bore what we of the Six Duchies call Skill on my fingers. And your queen can attest to that.’

‘She is not our queen and he is not our king!’ General Rapskal’s chest heaved with emotion and along his neck patches of his scales showed a bright scarlet. ‘So they have said, over and over! They have said that we must rule ourselves, that they are but figureheads for the rest of the world. So, keepers, let us rule ourselves! Let us put our dragons first, as we are meant to do!’ He pointed a finger at Lady Amber, from a safe distance, and it shook as he demanded of his fellows, ‘Recall how difficult it was for us to find and renew the well of silver! Will you believe her ridiculous tale that she has carried it on her fingertips for scores of years and not died of it?’

Queen Malta’s rueful voice cut through Rapskal’s rant. ‘I am sorry to say that I cannot attest to such a thing, Lady Amber. I knew you only briefly during your time in Bingtown, and met you seldom during the negotiations of your loans to many of the Traders.’ She shook her head. ‘A Trader’s word is all she has to give and I will not bend mine, even to help a friend. I cannot. The best I can say is that when I knew you in those days you always went gloved. I never saw your hands.’

‘You heard her!’ Rapskal’s shout was triumphant. ‘There is no proof! There can be no…’

‘If I may speak?’ For years, as King Shrewd’s jester, the Fool had had to make even his whispered comments heard across a large and sometimes crowded room. He had trained his voice to carry, and it now cut through not only Rapskal’s shout but also the muttering of the crowd. A simmering silence filled the room. He did not move as a blind man as he stepped forward into the space his threat had cleared. He was a performer stepping into his stage. It was in the sudden grace of his movements and his storyteller’s voice, and the sweep of his gloved hand. He was the Fool to me, and the layer of Amber but a part of his performance.

‘Recall a summer day, dear Queen Malta. You were but a girl, and all was in turmoil in your life. All your family’s hopes for financial survival depended on the successful launch of the Paragon, a liveship so insane that thrice he had capsized and killed all his crew. But the mad ship was your only hope, and into his salvage and refitting the Vestrit family had poured the last of their resources.’

He had them, and me. I was as caught up in this tale as any of them.

‘Your family hoped that the Paragon would be able to find and restore to you your father and your brother, both missing for so long. That somehow you could reclaim Vivacia, your family’s own liveship, for it was rumoured that she had been taken by pirates. And not any pirates, but the fabled Captain Kennit himself. You stood on the deck of the mad ship, putting on such a brave face in your made-over gown with last year’s parasol. When all the others went below to tour the ship you stayed on the deck and I stayed near you, to watch over you as your Aunt Althea requested.’

‘I remember that day,’ Malta said slowly. ‘It was the first time we had really spoken to one another. I remember… we talked of the future. Of what it might hold for me. You told me that a small life would never satisfy me. You told me that I must earn my future. How did you put it?’

Lady Amber smiled, well pleased that this queen remembered words spoken to her when she was a child putting a brave face on impending poverty. ‘What I told you is as true today as it was then. Tomorrow owes you the sum of your yesterdays. No more than that. And no less.’

Malta’s smile was like sunlight. ‘And you warned me that sometimes people wished that tomorrow did not pay them off so completely.’

‘I did.’

The queen stepped forward, unwittingly becoming part of the performance as she took her place on Amber’s stage. Her brow furrowed and she spoke like a woman in a dream. ‘And then… Paragon whispered to me. And I felt… oh, I did not know it then. I felt the dragon Tintaglia seize my thought. I felt she would smother me as she forced me to share her confinement in her tomb! And I fainted. It was terrible. I felt I was trapped with the dragon and could never find my way back to my own body.’

‘I caught you,’ Amber said. ‘And I touched you, on the back of your neck, with my Skilled fingers. Silvered, you would say. And by that magic, I called you back to your own body. But it left a mark on you. And a tiny tendril of a link that we share to this very day.’

‘What?’ Malta was incredulous.

‘It’s true!’ The words burst from King Reyn along with a laugh that was both relief and joy. ‘On the back of your neck, my dear! I saw them there in days when your hair was black as a crow’s wing, before Tintaglia turned it to gold. Three greyish ovals, like silver fingerprints gone dusty with age.’

Malta’s mouth hung open in surprise. At his words, her hands had darted to the back of her neck beneath the fall of glorious golden hair that was not blonde. ‘There was always a tender place here. Like a bruise that never healed.’ Abruptly she sent her second hand to join the first. She lifted her cascading locks and held them on the top of her head. ‘Come and look, any that wish. Come and see if what my husband and Lady Amber says is true.’

I was one of those who did. I staggered forward, still leaning on Lant, to see the same marks I had once borne on my wrist. Three greyish ovals, the mark of the Fool’s silvered hand. They were there.

The woman called Thymara stared in consternation when it was her turn to see the nape of the queen’s neck. ‘It’s a wonder it did not kill you,’ she said in a hushed voice.

I thought that would be an end of the matter, but when General Rapskal had taken three times as long to stare at the marks as any had, he turned away from the queen and said, ‘What does it matter if she had the silver then? What does it matter if she stole it a few nights ago, or several decades ago? Silver from the well belongs to the dragons. She must still be punished.’

I stiffened my back and tightened my belly. My voice must not shake. A deeper breath to make my words carry. I hoped I would not vomit. ‘It didn’t come from a well. It came from King Verity’s own hands, that he covered in Skill to work his great and final magic. He got it from where a river of Skill ran within a river of water. Name it not dragon’s silver. It is Skill from the Skill-river.’

‘And where might that be?’ Rapskal demanded in a voice so hungry it alarmed me.

‘I don’t know,’ I replied honestly. ‘I saw it but once, in a Skill-dream. My king never allowed me to go there with him, lest I give way to the temptation to plunge myself into it.’

‘Temptation?’ Thymara was shocked. ‘I, who am privileged to use the silver to do works for the city, feel no temptation to plunge myself into it. Indeed, I fear it.’

‘That is because you were not born with it coursing in your blood,’ the Fool said. ‘As some Farseers are. As Prince FitzChivalry was, born with the Skill as a magic within him, one that he can use to shape children as some might shape stone.’ That struck them dumb.

‘Is it possible?’ This from the winged Elderling, a genuine question.

Amber lifted her voice again. ‘The magic I bear on my hands is the same that was accidentally gifted to me by my King Verity. It is rightfully mine, not stolen, any more than the magic you joyfully allowed him to share with your children. Not stolen any more than the magic within you that changes you and marks your children. What do you call it? Marked by the Rain Wilds? Changed by the dragons? If this silver on my fingers is stolen, why then any here who have been healed have shared in the prince’s thievery.’

‘Enough of this!’ King Reyn commanded. I saw Rapskal’s eyes flash anger, but he did not speak as Reyn added, ‘We have abused and exhausted our guests. What the prince freely shared we have demanded in too great a quantity from him. See how pale he is, and how he shakes. Please, my guests, return to your chambers. Let us bring you both refreshments and our sincere apologies. But in the greatest quantity of all, let us offer you our thanks.’

He advanced and, with a gesture, moved Perseverance aside. Behind him came Queen Malta, offering her arm fearlessly to Amber. Reyn gripped my upper arm with surprising strength. I found myself a bit humiliated, but more thankful for the help. I managed to look back once to see Queen Malta and Spark escorting Amber while Per came last of all, slowly and with many a backward glance, as if wary that danger followed us, but the doors closed behind us without incident.

We walked through a corridor lined with curious folk who had been excluded from that audience. Then behind us, I heard the doors open and a gust of conversation belled out to become a roar. The hall seemed interminable. The stairs, when we came to them, wavered in my vision. I could not imagine that I could climb them. But I knew I must.

And I did, step by slow step, until we stood outside the doors of my guest chamber. ‘Thank you,’ I managed to say.

‘You thank me,’ Reyn gave a snort of laughter. ‘I would better deserve a curse from you after what we have put you through.’

‘Not you,’ I managed to say.

‘I will leave you in peace,’ he excused himself, and remained outside with his queen as my small party entered my room. When I heard Perseverance close the door, relief swept through me and my knees tired to fold. Lant put his arm around me to help me to the table, I hated that my companions must know how close I was to the end of my strength. I took his hand to steady myself.

A mistake. He cried out suddenly and went to his knees in the same moment that I felt the Skill course through me as swiftly as a snake striking. He clutched at the scar from the sword wound that the Chalcedean raiders had given him. It had been closed, apparently healed. But in that brief touch, I had known there was more for his body to do, and known, too, of one rib healed crookedly, and a fracture in his jaw that was mildly infected and giving him pain still. All repaired and set right, if one can call such a harsh correction a repair. I collapsed merrily on top of him. Lant groaned under me. I tried to roll off him but could not summon the strength. I heard Perseverance’s gasp: ‘Oh, sir! Let me help you!’

‘Don’t touch—’ I began, but he had already stooped and taken my hand. His outcry was sharper, a young man’s voice taken back to a boy’s shrill one. He fell onto his side and sobbed twice before he could master the pain. I managed to roll away from both of them. Lant didn’t move.

‘What has happened?’ Amber’s question was close to a scream. ‘Are we attacked? Fitz! Fitz, where are you?’

‘I’m here! There’s no danger to you. The Skill… I touched Lant. And Per.’ Those were all the words I could manage.

‘What?’

‘He did… the Skill did something to my wound. It’s bleeding again. My shoulder,’ Perseverance said in a tight voice.

I knew it would. It had to. But only briefly. It was hard to find the strength to speak. I lay on my back, staring up at the high ceiling. It mimicked a sky. Artfully crafted fluffy clouds moved across a pale blue sky. I lifted my head and summoned my voice. ‘It’s not blood, Per. It’s just wet. There was still a piece of fabric caught deep in the wound. It was slowly festering there. It had to come out and the fluids of infection with it. So it did. And your wound closed behind it. It’s healed now.’

Then I lay back on the floor and watched the elegant room swing around me. If I closed my eyes, it went faster. If I opened them, the forested walls wavered. I heard Lant roll over onto his belly and then stagger upright. He crouched over Per and said gently, ‘Let’s take a look at it.’

‘Look at your injuries as well,’ I said dully. I shifted my eyes, saw Spark standing over me and cried out, ‘No! Don’t touch me. I can’t control it.’

‘Let me help him,’ Lady Amber said quietly. Two hesitant steps brought her to where I lay on the floor.

I pulled my arms in tight, hiding my bare hands under my vest.

‘No. You of all people must not touch me.’

She had crouched gracefully beside me, but as he hunkered back on his heels, he was my Fool and not Amber at all. There was immense sorrow in his voice as he said, ‘Did you think I would take from you the healing that you did not wish to give me, Fitz?’

The room was spinning and I was too exhausted to hold anything back from him. ‘If you touch me, I fear the Skill will rip through me like a sword through flesh. If it can, it will give you back your eyesight. Regardless of the cost to me. And I believe the cost of restoring your sight will be that I will lose mine.’

The change in his face was startling. Pale as he was, he went whiter until he might have been carved from ice. Emotion tautened the skin of his face, revealing the bones that framed his visage. Scars that had faded stood out like cracks in fine pottery. I tried to focus my gaze on him, but he seemed to move with the room. I felt so nauseous and so weak, and I hated the secret I had to share with him. But there was no hiding it any longer. I wished we were alone but I dared not take the time to clear the others from the room. ‘Fool, we are too close. For every hurt I removed from your flesh my body assumed the wound. Not as virulently as the wounds you carried, but when I healed the knife-stabs in your belly I felt them in mine the next day. When I closed the sores in your back they opened in mine.’

‘I saw those wounds!’ Perseverance gasped. ‘I thought you’d been attacked. Stabbed in the back.’

I did not pause for his words. ‘When I healed the bones around your eye sockets, mine swelled and blackened the next day. If you touch me, Fool—’

‘I won’t!’ he exclaimed. He shot to his feet and staggered blindly away from me. ‘Get out of here. All three of you! Leave now. Fitz and I must speak privately. No, Spark, I will be fine, I can tend to myself. Please go. Now.’

They retreated, but not swiftly. They went in a bunch, with many backward glances. Spark had taken Per’s hand and when they looked back, they showed me the faces of woeful children. Lant went last and his expression was set in a Farseer stare so like his father’s that no one could have mistaken his bloodlines. ‘My chamber,’ he said to them as he shut the door behind them and I knew he would try to keep them safe. I hoped there was no real danger. But I also feared that General Rapskal was not finished with us.

‘Explain,’ the Fool said flatly.

I gathered myself up from the floor. It was far harder than it should have been. I rolled onto my belly, drew my knees up under me until I was on all fours, and then staggered upright. I caught myself on the table’s edge and moved around it until I could reach a chair. My inadvertent healing of first Lant and then Per had extracted the last of my strength. Seated, I dragged in a breath. It was so difficult to keep my head upright. ‘I can’t explain what I don’t understand. It’s never happened with any other Skill-healing I’ve witnessed. Only between you and me. Whatever injury I take from you appears on me.’

He stood, his arms crossed on his chest. He wore his own face, and Amber’s painted lips and rouged cheeks looked peculiar now. His eyes seemed to bore into me. ‘No. Explain why you hid this from me! Why you couldn’t trust me with the simple truth. What did you imagine? That I would demand you blind yourself that I might see?’

‘I… no!’ I braced my elbows on the table and rested my head in my hands. I could not recall when I had felt more drained. A steady pulse of pounding pain in my temples kept pace with my heartbeat. I felt a desperate need to recover my strength but even sitting still was demanding more than I had to give. I wanted to topple over onto the floor and surrender to sleep. I tried to order my thoughts. ‘You were so desperate to regain your sight. I didn’t want to take that hope from you. My plan was that once you were strong enough the coterie could try to heal you, if you would let them. My fear was that if I told you I couldn’t heal you without losing my sight, you’d lose all hope.’ That last piece of the truth was angular and sharp-edged in my mough. ‘And I feared you would think me selfish that I did not heal you.’ I let my head lower onto my folded arms.

The Fool said something.

‘I didn’t hear that.’

‘You weren’t meant to,’ he replied in a low voice. Then he admitted, ‘I called you a clodpole.’

‘Oh.’ I could barely keep my eyes open.

He asked a cautious question. ‘After you’d taken on my hurts. Did they heal?’

‘Yes. Mostly. But very slowly,’ My back still bore the pinkish dimples of the ulcers that had been on his back. ‘Or so it seemed to me. You know how my body has been since that runaway healing the coterie did on me years ago. I scarcely age, and injuries heal overnight, leaving me exhausted. They healed, Fool. Once I knew what was happening, I was more careful. When I worked on the bones around your eyes, I kept strict control.’ I halted. It was a terrifying offer to make. But in our sort of friendship, it had to be made. ‘I could try to heal your eyes. Give you sight, lose mine, and see if my body could restore mine. It would take time. And I am not sure this is the best place for us to make such an attempt. Perhaps in Bingtown, after we’ve sent the others home, we could take rooms somewhere and make the attempt.’

‘No. Don’t be stupid.’ His terse words forbade any response.

In his long silence, sleep crept up on me, seeping into every part of my body. It was that engulfing demand the body makes, one that knows no refusal.

‘Fitz. Fitz? Look at me. What do you see?’

I prised my eyelids open and looked at him. I thought I knew what he needed to hear. ‘I see my friend. My oldest, dearest friend. No matter what guise you wear.’

‘And you see me clearly?’

Something in his voice made me lift my head. I stared at him. After a time, he swam into focus. ‘Yes.’

He let out his pent breath. ‘Good. Because when I touched you I felt something happen, something more than expected. I reached for you, to call you back, for I feared you were vanishing into the Skill-current. But when I touched you it wasn’t as if I touched someone else. It was like folding my hands together. As if your blood suddenly ran through my veins. Fitz, I can see the shape of you, there in your chair. I fear I may have taken something from you.’

‘Oh. Good. I’m glad.’ I closed my eyes, too weary for surprise. Too exhausted for fear.

I slept.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0236329-2650aa8b33d49b4306e0ed3510646313.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001636 00000000000 014576  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Is that… is that guy flipping me off?

I was doing a little Google Maps hunting trying to help Andy find something for a story he’s working on and I accidentally double-clicked when I meant to single-click, ending up in Street View at the intersection of 5th and Washington.

Is that… is that guy flipping me off?

But here’s the best thing about it:

We can re-live the excitement by moving along Washington in Street View!

He was minding his own business, cruising along on 5th…

I think he sees the Street View car here, as he’s in the middle of the intersection.

OK, if he didn’t before, he definitely does now.

And do you think he’s just going to let that go?

No.

Hell, no.

Google is the man, and this dude? He’s got a message for the man.

It’s this. This is the message.

Now, off to enjoy the spoils of victory.

Know this ardent wielder of the First Amendment? Hit us up. tips@denverite.com.                                                                                                  0236348-1a7b4507f77ce8afdb33a57be6b8ebe2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002336 00000000000 015424  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        73-year-old man vanishes after being dropped off in Oakland

Police are requesting the public's help in finding 73-year-old John Nelson Beck who has been missing since Tuesday. Police are requesting the public's help in finding 73-year-old John Nelson Beck who has been missing since Tuesday. Photo: Alameda Police Department Photo: Alameda Police Department Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close 73-year-old man vanishes after being dropped off in Oakland 1 / 1 Back to Gallery

Police in Alameda are asking for the public’s help in finding a 73-year-old man, who went missing Tuesday after being dropped off for an appointment in Oakland.

John Nelson Beck was dropped off at 9 a.m. on Tuesday at the 1300 block of Clay Street in Oakland for an appointment that he never showed up for, police said.

Beck, according to police, does not suffer from any medical issues that would cause him to lose his memory or become disoriented.

Beck was last seen wearing a long sleeved green and blue plaid shirt along with navy blue pants. He is 5 foot 11 inches and 180 pounds.

Those with information on his location can call police at (510) 337-8340.

Hamed Aleaziz is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: haleaziz@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @haleaziz                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236382-274dee18added2f495c26cbc0acf4605.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004210 00000000000 015403  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Photos have emerged on social media in China that appear to show a rat tied up and "shamed" after stealing rice from a shop.

The photos - posted to the Chinese micro-blogging platform Weibo - show the rodent tied by all four paws to some kind of trolley and wearing a sign explaining that it was caught stealing rice from a convenience store.

They were apparently taken in Heyuan city in southern China's Guangdong Province.

Two pictures were posted on Jan 23 by a Weibo user with the screen name "jiu lian shan she zhang", said the Daily Mail.

The Weibo user said: "A friend of mine found a small rat in the warehouse of a convenience store."

He or she then expressed symapthy for the "poor rat" being treated in such a way ahead of Chinese New Year.



The rat wore a sign saying "I dare not do it again". PHOTO: WEIBO/HAIWEN5520



In another photo, the rat has a post-it note attached to its body, which reads: "I dare not do it again!" said the Daily Mail.

The account holder of the "jiu lian shan she zhang" account confirmed to the Mail that the rat had been caught at a shop owned by his friend. He said the notes had been written by staff at the store.

The man did not expect the photos to draw so much attention on social media, the Mail said.

He explained that many people had left comments under the pictures with different opinions.

"Some people pitied the rat, some people hated the rat, and some people found it to be funny," he said, according to the Mail.

"I pity the rat. It's just a small animal. It would almost certainly die being treated like this."

The owner of the shop where the rat had been caught confirmed that the creature was found by his staff.

The man, named Lai Tiancai, said the Mail, said "it was just a rat" and this was a "small incident".

The uploader has called for attention from the Shenzhen Traffic Police through his post.

In response to the pictures, the Shenzhen Traffic Police posted three smiling face emojis on its official account on Weibo, the Mail reported.

In January 2016, a man and woman from China filmed themselves tying up a defenceless mouse and "interrogating it" for allegedly stealing bananas, the Mail said.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0236244-482a8b2372304cf6d2a201ee942f51b0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002117 00000000000 014726  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Russian spy Anna Chapman comes to Turkey for fashion show

ISTANBUL - Hürriyet Daily News

Russian Anna Chapman, who was deported from the US in July 2010 on charges of espionage, watches models display creations by Turkish designer Cengiz Abazoğlu during Fashion Week in Moscow, Russia, Friday, March 23, 2012. AP photo





Anna Chapman, a Russian secret agent who attained celebrity status after her spy cell in the United States was discovered in 2010, is coming to Turkey this summer to appear in a fashion show.Chapman announced on her Twitter account that she would hit the catwalk in the Dosso Dossi Fashion Show running between June 7 and 14 in the southern province of Antalya.A press statement said Chapman accepted the offer to appear in the fashion show on the condition that her fee be transferred in advance to a charity fund for homeless children in Moscow.Dossa Dossi said they immediately wired the money and were finalizing their preparations for the show, where Chapman is set to wear a specially designed outfit.The date of Chapman's arrival in Turkey has not yet been determined.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0236359-6aff1513e95f9cfa47cae2624060a84a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005265 00000000000 015205  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A federal judge is handing a Louisiana man a year in prison for pirating thousands of DVDs and CDs in a case highlighting the Motion Picture Association of America's wildly varying valuation of pirated discs.

In the case of Tanner Hills of Louisiana, according to court records, (.pdf) an MPAA expert concluded that the 3,557 bootleg DVDs seized from the defendant's Jefferson Parish apartment outside New Orleans was valued at $67,583. That's $19 a disc for such films as Borat, Bambi, 300 and Premium.

And if you think those numbers are high, consider last year when the MPAA said 200,000 illicit DVDs seized in Australia were worth $83 per movie disc. Some 6,200 pirated discs were also found in Hong Kong that year, and the MPAA affixed value at $20 million, meaning each disc was worth $3,225.80. We're not kidding.

For Hills, the inflated figures don't really matter. The two counts (.pdf) of criminal copyright infringement to which he pleaded guilty require an illicit cache of $2,500 or more.

But it matters when the MPAA, the movie studios' lobbying arm, declared Tuesday that movie piracy costs foreign and domestic producers, distributors, theaters, video stores and pay-per-view operators "$18 billion annually as a result of movie theft."

The MPAA said "More than $7 billion in losses are attributed to illegal Internet distributions, while $11 billion is the result of illegal copying and bootlegging."

It's eye-popping figures like these that get lawmakers' attention.

Los Angeles officials recently adopted an eviction ordinance for pirates based largely on MPAA numbers. Now Congress, pressed by lobbying by the MPAA and Recording Industry Association of America, is considering creating a Cabinet-level copyright czar and granting the U.S. attorney general the authority, for the first time, to file civil lawsuits for copyright infringement.

And in case you're wondering, the RIAA valued the 2,896 CDs seized from Hills' apartment at $39,791, or $13.74 a disc. Artists included Tupac, Lil Wayne, Snoop Dog, Jay-Z and R Kelly.

The RIAA said Tuesday that "global theft of sound recordings cost the U.S. economy $12.5 billion in lost revenue and more than 71,000 jobs and $2 billion in wages to U.S. workers."

The RIAA floated the numbers and the MPAA touted its numbers when urging Congress to adopt the College Opportunity and Affordability Act of 2007, (747-page .pdf) which requires universities to "develop a plan for offering alternatives to illegal downloading or peer-to-peer distribution of intellectual property as well as to plan to explore technology-based deterrents to prevent such illegal activity."

The Senate passed the measure two weeks ago. It is awaiting President Bush's signature.

See Also:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0236409-f7078369a71897a1ab562148b97fe9de.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005307 00000000000 015014  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        E.T.'s Home Is Found: Trove Of Atari Games Unearthed At Landfill

Enlarge this image toggle caption Juan Carlos Llorca/AP Juan Carlos Llorca/AP

For decades, it was mere legend: an "Atari Dump" rumored to harbor millions of copies of E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial, a video game so bad that burying it in the New Mexico desert seemed the best way to move on.

But now, the Atari graveyard has been exhumed, and the latest attempt to find the cache of game cartridges has been declared a success. Helped by heavy machinery, a crew found some of the games today, in a dig that inspired the Twitter hashtag #DiggingET.

The Atari 2600 gear was found in a landfill in Alamogordo, N.M., where the city council voted in 2013 to allow gaming media company Fuel Industries to search for unsold boxes of games and other items that were allegedly dumped there by 14 trucks in 1983.

Fuel organized a hunt for E.T. game cartridges at the landfill Saturday; a documentary about the gamers' search for E.T. is being produced by the entertainment arm of Microsoft's Xbox.

"We found something," film director Zak Penn told an excited crowd at the dig site this afternoon. "We found an intact ET video game. The actual cartridge is still in there."

That's from video of the discovery that was posted to the IGN website. Those taking part in today's search for say there are many more copies of the E.T. game in the area being excavated.

The search for the trove of discarded cartridges has taken on a sort of mythical importance for some gaming fans, who see the mystery of what became of millions of consoles as an explained event in digital culture. It's part of a broader field some call "archaeogaming" that, as you might guess, combines elements of archaeology with the study of video games.

And then there's the simple nostalgia for E.T., the film, and for the 1980s in general. A comment by reader Kascha Klaussen on our 2013 post about the effort to find E.T. games summed up those sentiments nicely:

"I wish that the second they pulled the first shovel full of dirt out of the ground over this pit, the entire Earth would be pulled inside out centered entirely on this spot and when it came right side up again? It would be 1982 again and I could be in the arcade with my girlfriends trying to impress boys and waiting to go see Tron with them while Love Plus One plays over the loudspeakers. Oh and we could be fighting over the last Apple stick as well. That wouldn't hurt a bit. "Yes, 13 Going On 30 is in fact, a permanent resident of the DVD rack. Why of course yes. I DO watch it in reverse."

As we reported back then, some experts have said that unreleased Atari products, such as a prototype for its "Mindlink" device, might also be in the desert landfill.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0236300-5a6f9daefee4d92293b3d415450251bc.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013521 00000000000 015161  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Tired of high taxes on everything from your home to your plastic shopping bags? Concerned that violent crime may be seeping into your once seemingly idyllic neighborhood? Worried that your children will be placed in subpar public schools?

Are you conservative? And would you like move?

If you answered yes to these questions than Paul Chabot may be able to help.

Chabot, a 43-year-old Republican and native of Southern California, in recent years had become increasingly frustrated with what he saw as a liberal shift in his home state and the effects it was having on his family’s life. After two failed congressional runs, Chabot decided it was time to bail on the Golden State and move to the Lone Star State -- specifically, Collin County in north Texas -- in January.

“When I was growing up in a Republican state, we had safe towns and great schools,” Chabot told Fox News. “But California has done a 180. It’s not a family-friendly state anymore so we decided to move to Texas.

When Chabot, his wife Brenda and their four children arrived in McKinney – a town about 30 miles north of Dallas – they realized that many of the 168,000-plus residents of the town had pulled up their own roots in California and headed to the Lone Star state.

That gave Chabot an idea.

“We’re not pioneers. We’re probably actually late to the game when it comes to moving to Texas,” Chabot said. “But we decided to make a business out of it.”

The business, Conservative Move, aims to help Republicans living in blue states follow the Chabot family’s lead and move to a state more aligned with their conservative ethos. Chabot’s company helps set up homeowners in blue states with conservative realtors to sell their properties and also find a new home in Texas. But the company doesn’t just help conservatives leave blue states.

“A critical aspect of the company is helping people find a good-paying job,” Chabot said. “And there are now lots of big businesses moving to Texas.”

Whether the company succeeds in the long run is yet to be seen, but in its first five months in operation – thanks to a mix of social media, radio spots and word-of-mouth -- Chabot said he has received more than 1,000 inquiries from people in 40 states, with the vast majority being from California.

“Leaving California is like leaving a bad relationship,” Chabot added. “When you’re gone, you can see all the problems much more clearly.”

Chabot, an Iraq war veteran who still serves in the Navy Reserves, said that he started Conservative Moves to help other like-minded “refugees” and foster a discussion about what makes a great community. Coming of age in California at the height of Reagan’s America in the 1980s, Chabot said he has seen the state he knew as a child change into something that is completely different.

While California during the 1980s and early 1990s was anything but serene – there was the crack cocaine epidemic, widespread tensions between the African-American community and the police and a rash of homelessness, just to name a few issues – Chabot argues that unlike that time, it is almost impossible to maintain the type of middle-class existence he had during his childhood. He added that things like rising taxes, legalized marijuana, gun restrictions, sanctuary cities and declining public schools have all added to the disappearance of the state he once knew.

“California is no longer the representation of the American Dream,” he said. “California has fallen morally on so many levels.”

California and Texas – the country’s two most populous states and the 6th and 10th largest economies in the world, respectively – have for decades offered two opposing views of the United States. Lawmakers in Sacramento and Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown believe that higher taxes help fund public universities and a slew of social services in the state, while Texas legislators and Republican Gov. Greg Abbott believe that lower taxes and fewer regulations free residents to reach their full potential.

The two states also have taken vastly differing stances on pressing issues ranging from immigration to LGBT rights.

Abbott in May signed a bill prohibiting the state's cities and counties from enacting so-called "sanctuary" laws that prevent local law enforcement officers from inquiring about the immigration status of anyone they detain. In California, however, a federal judge in San Francisco refused to reverse an injunction against President Trump’s executive order that sought to slash funding to cities that limit cooperation with federal immigration authorities.

The difference between the two states, however, may not be as great as some argue.

Texas added 266,600 jobs last year, while California added 242,600, and both dropped unemployment to just under 5 percent. The median household income in California may be higher – at $61,818 compared to Texas’ $53,207 – but the lack of state income taxes and much less expensive housing make the Lone Star State a more affordable place to reside.

Politically, Texas’ urban hotbeds like Austin and Houston are also threatening to turn the once solidly red state into a purple state in the near future.

“Texas is not doing any better now than California,” Daniel Hamermesh, a professor emeritus of economics at the University of Texas in Austin, told the Los Angeles Times. “California costs more to live in, but for many, you get what you pay for. The California coast is a much more pleasant place to live.”

While Chabot may agree that the weather in California during the summers is better, he still says that for conservatives like himself there is a marked – and positive – difference between his former home and Texas.

“Texas represents the fighting, freedom-loving spirit of America,” Chabot said. “I don’t miss California, the California I knew growing up and that is what I found in Texas.”                                                                                                                                                                               0236390-8aae8bc595beb9ceddc84189ec5b6179.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005427 00000000000 015451  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        By Elena Weissmann, DCNF

The president’s half-brother has been blowing up Twitter recently with a barrage of pro-Trump messages.

A Muslim from Kenya, Malik Obama endorsed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump in July due to “deep disappointment” in his brother Barack’s administration, according to the New York Post. Since then, he has accumulated 25,000 followers on Twitter and even attended the presidential debate in Las Vegas on Oct. 19 at the Trump campaign’s request.

From dispensing mysterious proverbs to burning Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, the president’s half-brother certainly has a lot to say to the world. Read on for the 11 most ridiculous Malik Obama tweets from this past week.

1. When Malik summed up this entire election for us:

Trump is always being Trump — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 22, 2016

You must deport the bad people. This is obvious. Every country does it. Why argue? — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 22, 2016

Mosul Iraq is war zone because of Hillary and her rich friends. They do not love Muslims. — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 22, 2016

You care about how much Malik was paid but nothing about how much Hillary was paid. You are a fraud. I tell the truth for free! — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 22, 2016

We must keep the women safe from Bill Clinton. — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 21, 2016

Pepe is only a frog Hillary! — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 22, 2016

Mr Trump is a village elder looking out for his village. Hillary steals from the village. She is dangerous. — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 22, 2016

Do not swear on twitter. Children might see.!!!! — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 21, 2016

Obama care is a bad name for it. Obama does not care. I want Trump care! — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 21, 2016

Do not send photos of guns with frogs. Too violent! — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 21, 2016

I do not watch CNN unless in the airport — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 22, 2016

When men speak to men sometimes women should not hear it. — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 22, 2016

I am the eldest. I am the head of the Obama family. I refuse to be humiliated by my grandmother Mama Sara. VOTE FOR MR.TRUMP. — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 22, 2016

Black Americans say they know Africa but they don't. It is a privilege to live in America! #Africans4Trump — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 21, 2016

I am not deplorable! I am Malik! #Africans4Trump — Malik Obama (@ObamaMalik) October 21, 2016

Follow Elena on Twitter

Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0236394-966bd43f9614e99c5e257e03bf3c95a8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003163 00000000000 015073  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Scientists have found a cloud of gas that has been twisted into a pigtail right in the center of our galaxy. It seems that we often find these massive "pigtails" in space. Want to find out why?

Observing the sky with a radio telescope, researchers from Keio University found what they briefly called a giant "helical molecular cloud" in the galactic center. They quickly renamed it a "pigtail" cloud, and set about studying it more closely. And it wasn't an anomaly. There seem to be a lot of pigtails in space — especially around the jets of black holes and in the corona of the sun. What causes the universe to make these corkscrew curls?

Advertisement

Magnets! Or at least magnetic force. Scientists noticed that the cosmic pigtails tended to be around a lot of astronomical phenomena associated with magnetic forces. When two molecular clouds find themselves on a collision course next to a structure with high magnetic flux, a few things happen, according to Keio scientists:

The magnetic "tube" perpendicular to the galactic disc exists between two giant molecular clouds. Those clouds move along the main two elliptical orbits around the galactic nucleus. The magnetic tube is twisted and squeezed to become a helical structure during the frictional contact. The molecular gas is captured by the twisted magnetic tube, and then forms the "pigtail" molecular cloud.

Advertisement

Alternately, pigtails could form in space for the same reason they form on pigs - as an unintended consequence of domestication. Probably, though, the astronomers have it right.

Via Nobeyama Radio Observatory and Keio University and Newton Ask a Scientist.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0236387-71dfe70d45f07bbc776a2f5c6f70bce9.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002732 00000000000 015355  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        PODGORICA, Montenegro — After multiple but unproven accusations that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia is working hard to destabilize America’s friends in Europe, a pro-Russian mercenary detained in Montenegro is slowly spilling his guts — and providing the first insider’s account of what the authorities in this tiny Balkan nation say were Russian efforts to sow mayhem.

The man, Aleksandar Sindjelic, a veteran anti-Western activist from neighboring Serbia, has become a key informant — and a suspect — in a sprawling investigation into an alleged plot orchestrated by two Russians to seize Montenegro’s Parliament building last month, kill the prime minister and install a new government hostile to NATO.

Mr. Sindjelic’s account of the events includes a visit to Moscow in September to plan the operation and details of the encrypted phones he was asked to use to avoid eavesdropping. He has not directly implicated any Russian officials but has raised questions about the links between state agencies and a murky network of Russian nationalists active in the Balkans and in eastern Ukraine.

The Montenegrin authorities say two Russians carrying passports in the names of Eduard V. Shirikov and Vladimir N. Popov commanded the botched plot. But both men, who oversaw preparations for the operation from Belgrade, the capital of Serbia, are back in Moscow, and it is unclear whether they were traveling under real or fake identities and for whom exactly they were working.                                      0236262-b1b788e4b5b87a7801ceccef3fec07f8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006264 00000000000 015434  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        TM & HM Attacks

TM/HM # Attack Name Type Cat. Att. Acc. PP Effect %

TM04 Calm Mind -- -- 20 --

The user quietly focuses its mind and calms its spirit to raise its Sp. Atk and Sp. Def stats.

TM06 Toxic -- 90 10 --

A move that leaves the target badly poisoned. Its poison damage worsens every turn.

TM10 Hidden Power ?? 100 15 --

A unique attack that varies in type and intensity depending on the Pokémon using it.

TM17 Protect -- -- 10 --

It enables the user to evade all attacks. Its chance of failing rises if it is used in succession.

TM18 Rain Dance -- -- 5 --

The user summons a heavy rain that falls for five turns, powering up Water-type moves.

TM19 Telekinesis -- -- 15 --

The user makes the target float with its psychic power. The target is easier to hit for three turns.

TM20 Safeguard -- -- 25 --

The user creates a protective field that prevents status problems for five turns.

TM21 Frustration ?? 100 20 --

A full-power attack that grows more powerful the less the user likes its Trainer.

TM27 Return ?? 100 20 --

A full-power attack that grows more powerful the more the user likes its Trainer.

TM29 Psychic 90 100 10 --

The target is hit by a strong telekinetic force. It may also reduce the target's Sp. Def stat.

TM30 Shadow Ball 80 100 15 --

The user hurls a shadowy blob at the target. It may also lower the target's Sp. Def stat.

TM32 Double Team -- -- 15 --

By moving rapidly, the user makes illusory copies of itself to raise its evasiveness.

TM42 Facade 70 100 20 --

An attack move that doubles its power if the user is poisoned, burned, or has paralysis.

TM44 Rest -- -- 10 --

The user goes to sleep for two turns. It fully restores the user's HP and heals any status problem.

TM45 Attract -- 100 15 --

If it is the opposite gender of the user, the target becomes infatuated and less likely to attack.

TM46 Thief 40 100 10 --

The user attacks and steals the target's held item simultaneously. It can't steal if the user holds an item.

TM48 Round 60 100 15 --

The user attacks the target with a song. Others can join in the Round and make the attack do greater damage.

TM53 Energy Ball 80 100 10 --

The user draws power from nature and fires it at the target. It may also lower the target's Sp. Def.

TM61 Will-o-wisp -- 75 15 --

The user shoots a sinister, bluish-white flame at the target to inflict a burn.

TM63 Embargo -- 100 15 --

It prevents the target from using its held item. Its Trainer is also prevented from using items on it.

TM66 Payback 50 100 10 --

If the user moves after the target, this attack's power will be doubled.

TM70 Flash -- 100 20 --

The user flashes a bright light that cuts the target's accuracy. It can also be used to illuminate caves.

TM77 Psych Up -- -- 10 --

The user hypnotizes itself into copying any stat change made by the target.

TM85 Dream Eater 100 100 15 --

The user eats the dreams of a sleeping target. It absorbs half the damage caused to heal the user's HP.

TM87 Swagger -- 90 15 --

The user enrages and confuses the target. However, it also sharply raises the target's Attack stat.

TM90 Substitute -- -- 10 --

The user makes a copy of itself using some of its HP. The copy serves as the user's decoy.

TM92 Trick Room -- -- 5 --                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0236393-7e3bc821537c885a4f7d6fb32350bd01.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012551 00000000000 015036  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        “It is meant to provide the homeless with a better option than garbage bags, which they usually use to carry their stuff and cover their feet,” he said.

Mr. Forbes also runs a charitable T-shirt company, Anymile Clothing (a play off the Eight Mile thoroughfare in Detroit), which helps support local families facing hardship. By selling these shirts at concerts and music festivals, he hopes to finance more research and development to perfect his boot.

Similarly, members of Soleology, a Saturday design club of current and former Creative Studies students who have a passion for shoes (graduates typically go on to top positions at athletic shoe companies like Nike, Adidas and New Balance), have also been working on a footwear solution for Detroit’s homeless population, as has a group of students from the Stephen M. Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan.

Such a challenge came from Cass Community Social Services in Detroit, which operates a micro-enterprise in which homeless men convert abandoned tire parts into mud mats that are then sold at markets and fairs, bringing its clients some much needed income. But with the mats being made from the sidewalls of the tires, the Rev. Faith Fowler, a Methodist pastor and Cass’s executive director, couldn’t help but wonder if the treads could also be used in some way that might benefit those in need.

Enter the University of Michigan’s integrated product design class, which combines design, engineering and business. Its solution? Treads Motor City sandals, which can be sold to the public, but will be produced by Ms. Fowler’s constituents, giving them yet another income stream. (The soles are made from tire treads while the straps are harvested from seatbelts found in junkyards.)

Photo

“It’s a great opportunity for everyone,” Ms. Fowler said of the program. “You have these smart students who care about the community, the planet and using recycled materials, and we have these people here in Detroit who really want to work and need money.” (Meanwhile, Soleology is working to design a shoe that Cass’s clients could produce for homeless people to wear that would be “rudimentary and simple, yet highly functional and durable,” said a recent Creative Studies graduate, Brett Golliff.)

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

But it is Ms. Scott’s coat that has so far come the furthest of any of these designs, and not just because she won a 2011 International Design Excellence Award from the Industrial Designers Society of America in September. While her first attempt was a heavy, 20-pound coat that took 80 hours to make because of her lack of sewing skills (it looked like a “body bag,” according to one homeless man), she has since devised a new one that she and her friends tested in 17-degree weather. “We were warm all night, but the ground was hard,” she recalled. The latest version is made of water-, wind- and air-resistant polyethylene on the outer layer, which acts as a barrier, and Thinsulate and Steelcase fabric on the inner layer, to store body heat. (It also turns into an over-the-shoulder bag with the arm sockets acting as storage.)

Having graduated this past December, Ms. Scott has now founded the Empowerment Plan, a nonprofit company, where she is training and paying recently homeless women to produce the coats for those living on the streets. Already they have made 275 coats — 100 of which have been given to homeless people in Detroit and two of which Ms. Scott gave to Occupy Wall Street supporters she met while visiting New York this winter.

Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt-out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.

“For revenue, I want to sell them online to individuals who can afford to buy them,” Ms. Scott said, explaining that anyone purchasing the coat will automatically be given a second one that can be sent to various shelters and charities anywhere in the world.

Not only does Ms. Scott now have a factory in a previously abandoned Detroit warehouse, but thanks to Carhartt Inc., which specializes in durable work clothing and has its headquarters in Dearborn, she also has three industrial sewing machines, materials and training guidance. In addition, a nearby industrial fabric company, Fairway Products, is currently helping her with manufacturing so she can make her coats more quickly. But most important, one of Ms. Scott’s first homeless employees has now been able to move into an apartment with her three young children, one of whom is learning Japanese at a charter school.

“The truth is Veronika’s garment has great international ramifications,” said Imre Molnar, a dean at the College for Creative Studies. “Her coat could be used by refugees or for disaster relief operations,” he said, adding that the Red Cross has shown interest in the item. “She came up with a great idea that is simple, but well researched. Because of her passion for the homeless, I can’t see her not succeeding.”                                                                                                                                                       0236373-99c71ca343220debc816708305eafd17.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000025774 00000000000 015044  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        E. Rock Warehouse Might Become High-End Gym

by Aliyya Swaby | Nov 12, 2014 1:17 pm

(14) Comments | Commenting has been closed | E-mail the Author

Posted to: Business/ Economic Development, East Rock, True Vote

Bright lights beam through the neighborhood before dawn. Hundreds of cars beep at once in a parking lot. Power bar wrappers scatter on the streets. That was one of the visions presented to the zoning board on the risks of allowing a proposed high-end fitness center and health club to open in a warehouse storage unit in East Rock. The Board of Zoning Appeals heard two sides of the argument at a meeting Monday night. The owners agreed to return to the board next month with more definite arrangements for parking. Owner Pablo Perez asked for a variance to allow an 18,000 square-foot fitness center in a light industrial district. He also requested a special exception to allow 15 instead of 43 parking spaces. A Bristol-based company called Narang New Haven Co, LLC, owns the five-building, 190,000 square-foot warehouse and factory at 285 Nicoll St. Currently the property is used to store industrial machinery and stage the Alexion Pharmaceutical construction project downtown. The lot across the street from the proposed gym has 50 total parking spaces, according to the application. Though the gym would be allotted just 15, the landlord has indicated it can use the other 35 spaces when necessary. Three nearby public lots on Mitchell Drive would receive any parking overflow. Gym-goers will likely use public transportation, ride bicycles or walk to the gym, said the landlord’s lawyer, James Segaloff. He noted that East Rock has a lot of cyclists. Michael Bradford (pictured), who owns a house directly adjacent to the property’s parking lot on Canner Street, spoke out against the project Monday night. He read a list of the potential negative impacts of the fitness center on its East Rock neighbors. He said people would drive to the gym more often during the winter, on “cold, snowy days,” and then park on Canner, Nicoll and Foster streets. Increased traffic into East Rock would lead to more noise and litter in the neighborhood, he said. Perez has agreed to put a wall along the side of the lot on Canner Street to prevent lights from shining into people’s houses. Bradford said the wall would not protect neighbors from the lights of cars entering and exiting the lot on Canner Street. “The lights in the parking lot could shine onto my house. I like it dark. It’s night. People want to sleep,” he said. The center would be open from 4:30 a.m. until 10 p.m., said Perez (at center in photo, before the zoning board), who has been a gym owner for nine years. He said his East Rock gym would be high-end, not high-volume, at $60 monthly for a membership, meaning he expects about 1,000 members and 5,000 workouts per month. Bradford said he believes those numbers will lead to a lot of traffic and a lot of noise. “When people lock their car doors ... it causes a beep. That’s 190 cars beeping at 4:30 in the morning on their way to the gym,” he said. The gym’s maximum capacity is around 190 people. Perez said he expects people to come in for closer to 167 workouts spread out throughout each day. Bradford said he worries that the center would not last, leaving the neighborhood to deal with the aftermath. “It sounds like a wonderful facility, but what if goes under?” he said. Hundreds more machines will be left forgotten in the space, he said. Segaloff said the area is primarily industrial, not residential. “We will do what we can to accommodate the neighbors,” he said, but if the center doesn’t open, another business could sign an agreement to “park 20 trucks” in the lot. That would be a worse option for the neighborhood, he argued. Burch Valldejuli, another partner in the project, has been at the Yale School of Public Health for seven years. She said the center would provide at least one activity free for people in New Haven, to encourage healthy habits in the city. East Rock Alder Anna Festa submitted a letter saying that she had spoken to many neighbors who are excited that the building will finally be occupied, according to zoning board secretary Gaylord Bourne. Kevin McCarthy, vice president of the East Rock management team, also spoke out in favor of the project Monday night. Perez and Valldejuli decided to put off the Board of Zoning Appeals’ vote until next month, taking more time to solidify agreements to use three public lots along Mitchell Drive.

Share this story with others.

Post a Comment

Commenting has closed for this entry

Comments

posted by: DingDong on November 12, 2014 2:00pm It’s amazing: every time someone tries to do something in this City, there’s always some cranky neighbor willing to show up with complaints about parking and a desire to keep everything the way it is. I really wonder if we need all this community input into zoning applications; does it ever do any good?

posted by: mr bill on November 12, 2014 3:05pm Let’s see. There’s Wilbur Cross High at one end of the block with a large athletic complex, East Rock Elementary at the other, a convenience/gas store up the road, and a dumply looking warehouse at 285 Nicoll. A high end anything would be an upgrade.

posted by: robn on November 12, 2014 5:24pm I sympathize about the idea of headlights in windows but its nothing drapery can’t cure. Ultimately, the good outweighs the bad even if you live across the street; visitors coming and going will make this neighborhood profoundly more safe for people that live there.

posted by: quinnipiacave on November 12, 2014 5:50pm Bradford is somehow simultaneously worried that the gym will be successful (noise, lights, parking) and that it won’t be successful? You couldn’t ask for a better example of blatant NIMBY-ism.

posted by: Edward Francis on November 12, 2014 5:59pm Here we go again….285 Nicoll Street is located in the heart of “Goatville”...Goatville is located in the shadows of East Rock. It is the original neighborhood name from way back that has been changed by the real estate barons and developers to coincide with the expanding Yale community. Nuff said.

posted by: Ralcal on November 12, 2014 6:19pm I think a high-end gym would be an excellent addition to our East Rock neighborhood - new energy and ideas and probably even bringing more day-time traffic to the cafes on Orange Street.

posted by: Ravenclaw on November 12, 2014 8:51pm This sounds like one of those projects you’d rather not have across the street, but you know would be a net gain for the community. With due sympathy to the immediate neighbors, it’s hard to be very negative about this. Consider the alternatives: an abandoned toxic site (as now) or some other way of using that large space. A new factory? A large apartment complex? A rehab center? Which would not potentially annoy a homeowner across the street?

posted by: Eva G on November 12, 2014 9:13pm I’ve centered my life on this block of Nicoll Street since 2001. The number of times I’ve watched bad things happen in front of this abandoned looking building—I cannot count. This would change for the better if there was some kind of actual, legitimate, activity happening in this building.

I cannot fathom why anyone would be against someone starting a business here. I am the last person in the world to go, “yay! a GYM!” Fitness is not a major interest of mine, to put it mildly. But quality of life on Nicoll Street IS. I think a few garbage cans can handle the Power Bar wrappers, and that stupid food wrappers are preferable to broken glass and drug baggies.

I remember when part of the building where IRIS is now was being used as a school: talk about TRASH EVERYWHERE on Nicoll Street. The kids would buy crap to eat at the Shell station and just dump the wrappers. But it was foot traffic of a fundamentally positive type, and I was sorry when the school left.

The neighborhood IS primarily residential, Mr. Segaloff: that one block is not, but the block of Nicoll that faces the old wire company was rezoned residential, from light industrial, not long ago, to allow for the Lehman Bros. building to be converted into residences. So there’s a line to walk, here. But it CAN be walked. And I ardently hope it will be; I am only sorry that I wasn’t able to attend the meeting on Monday night in person.

posted by: rat2013 on November 12, 2014 9:25pm I live in this neighborhood and am completely pro-gym. Sure, there will be increased traffic - but if there are more people walking to and from cars we might need and get some traffic calming measures (especially to cross to the lots at Mitchell - people routinely speed and ignore crosswalk markings there). And what’s the alternative - another factory, making who knows what (luckily, probably won’t happen in this economy)? Empty warehouse, empty parking lots, no foot traffic? This is the perfect solution. It uses the space without tearing down a building and is useful to people in the neighborhood. The only thing I would disagree with is Mr. Segaloff’s characterization of the neighborhood as “primarily industrial.” Nope, it’s not - we have some abandoned warehouses and factories, but even some of those are being converted into housing. Maybe this was true in years past, but I think this neighborhood is solidly shifting to commercial and residential, and there are lots of close customers nearby who walk or bike everywhere.

posted by: Gretchen Pritchard on November 13, 2014 10:18am The article gives a lot of space to a negative reaction from one citizen, and makes it sound as if the whole meeting consisted of Mr. Bradford, solo, coming up with reasons why the facility should not be built. Besides the neighbors who registered their approval with Alder Festa and were cited in the letter she brought in, did anybody else at all (pro or con) turn out for the hearing?

posted by: prs35 on November 13, 2014 11:00am I think a gym in East Rock would be awesome, but why does it have to be ‘luxury’? We don’t need diamond-studded treadmills and sweat towels made of the finest Egyptian cotton. You shouldn’t have to be rich to be healthy. We need a gym that is accessible to members of the community. Why not price it comparably to the Yale gym, so that they can draw from their member base? I know East Rock real estate is insanely expensive and they need to make enough to be profitable, but I just don’t see who is going to be willing to drop $60 a month when you could drive 10 minutes to Hamden and pay $10 a month at the Edge or Planet Fitness.

posted by: rat2013 on November 13, 2014 11:12am Gretchen, I did not know about this meeting until I read about it in the Independent (and I live on Nicoll). I don’t know how I should have found out about this…but I didn’t know. I would have shown up to show my support if I had known.

posted by: BetweenTwoRocks The hilarious part is that this isn’t even right in the heart of the neighborhood. Across the street is a parking lot. Not really sure how this is going to make a huge dent vs. any of the other buildings, the gas station, or the high school right there.    0236398-7fbfe627a16e8982f069cc2d038c1495.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004547 00000000000 015076  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        When we first heard that Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino was launching a tuxedo line, we feared the worst. I mean this is the man who Abercrombie & Fitch offered six figures to stop wearing their clothes. Well the look book has finally arrived (via MTV Style) and we have to say, it's actually worse than we expected. The tuxedo line for FLOW Formal Wear, is (of course) called The Situation, and the brand has definitely stayed true to its name with their latest Jersey-fied look book. Between Sitch's creepy pouts and supremely awkward modeling poses--not to mention the general tackiness of the collection--we're not sure what the skeeziest part of this look book is. Though we're probably going to have to go with the ladies giving come-hither glances (and in one case, lying down on a bed) in the background--there's a different one in almost every each shot (and sometimes multiple ladies).

When we first heard that Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino was launching a tuxedo line, we feared the worst. I mean this is the man who Abercrombie & Fitch offered six figures to stop wearing their clothes. Well the look book has finally arrived (via MTV Style) and we have to say, it's actually worse than we expected.

The tuxedo line for FLOW Formal Wear, is (of course) called The Situation, and the brand has definitely stayed true to its name with their latest Jersey-fied look book. Between Sitch's creepy pouts and supremely awkward modeling poses--not to mention the general tackiness of the collection--we're not sure what the skeeziest part of this look book is. Though we're probably going to have to go with the ladies giving come-hither glances (and in one case, lying down on a bed) in the background--there's a different one in almost every each shot (and sometimes multiple ladies).

ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website

As for how The Sitch is qualified in any way to rep a formal wear line--don't worry guys, it's because he's a trendsetter (duh). He apparently told In Touch: "[FLOW] approached me because I'm a trendsetter. DTF has a new meaning: Down to Formal! I'm really excited to show a classier, more sophisticated side of myself." Right, because this look book screams class.

ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website

ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website

Well, at least he's got a shirt on for once.

Photos: Courtesy of FLOW Formal Wear's Facebook                                                                                                                                                         0236304-df11a830c6a047e9dd59da0563627ed7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006601 00000000000 015112  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Seven will screen the 2015 AFL Grand Final in High Definition.

Seven has announced it will simulcast the game on 7mate, alongside its primary channel, for the first time in 5 years.

Melbourne 9am Live on Channel 7

Adelaide 8.30am Live on Channel 7

Perth 7am Live on 7mate

Sydney 9am Live on Channel 7

Brisbane 9am Live on Channel 7

Melbourne 9am Live on 7mate in HD

Adelaide 8.30am Live on 7mate in HD

Perth 12pm Live on 7mate in HD

Sydney 2pm Live on 7mate in HD

Brisbane 2pm Live on 7mate in HD

The announcement will please AFL fans who have been rallying for High Definition for some time.

While the government recently legislated to allow networks to switch their primary channels to HD, there are still technical hurdles to overcome. While the AFL Grand Final must still air on the primary channel, there has been no rule against a HD simulcast. OzTAM ratings also allow numbers to be merged where a simulcast occurs.

Now Seven is responding to fan pleas, manoeuvring within the broadcast goalposts.

The move also throws down the gauntlet to Nine’s plans for the NRL Grand Final which also has not screened in HD in all cities for 5 years.

But Nine declined to comment this week when TV Tonight asked if it planned to offer the NRL Grand Final in High Definition.

Seven Sport’s Grand Final day coverage will include Bruce McAvaney, Dennis Cometti, Brian Taylor, Tim Watson, Leigh Matthews, Cameron Ling, Luke Darcy, Matthew Richardson, Wayne Carey, Hamish McLachlan, Basil Zempilas, Nick Maxwell and Andrew Welsh, along with Sam Lane and Mick Molloy.

Weekend Sunrise – 7am on Channel 7 in Melb, Perth, Syd, Bris and 6.30am in Adelaide

On Grand Final day, the football feast starts Live and Free on Seven with Sunrise hosts Andrew O’Keefe and Edwina Bartholomew from Federation Square.

AFL Game Day – 9am AEST Live on Channel 7, / 7mate in Melbourne, Adelaide, Perth

The Grand Final edition of AFL Game Day begins at 9am AEST, hosted by Hamish McLachlan and live from Federation Square. A stellar line-up including Steve Johnson, Jobe Watson, Jude Bolton, Nick Maxwell, Robert Murphy, Neil Kearney and Basil Zempilas look back on the season that was: the best marks and goals, the greatest controversies and the funniest moments.

AFL Pre-Game Show – 11am AEST Live on Channel 7 / 7mate in Melbourne, Adelaide, Perth

The Saturday Night Footy team takes over at 11am from Federation Square to preview the big game. Brian Taylor, Luke Darcy, Matthew Richardson, Cameron Ling, Sam Lane and Mick Molloy have a jam-packed line-up including Nathan Buckley, Bryan Adams, Alex Rance and Neale Daniher.

2015 AFL Grand Final – 2pm AEST Live on Channel 7 / 7mate in HD

The 2015 AFL Premiership season culminates at the MCG with the two best teams and 44 of its best players in front of 100,000 screaming fans and millions more watching on TV.

AFL Grand Final Post Game Show

Melbourne 6pm Live on 7mate

Adelaide 5.30pm Live on Channel 7, 6pm LIVE on 7mate

Perth 4pm Live on Channel 7

Sydney 6pm Live on 7mate

Brisbane 6pm Live on 7mate

After the final siren we return for the post-match analysis and coverage from inside the rooms.

Sunday October 4

AFL Game Day – 10am on Channel 7 in Melb, Adel and Perth and 7mate in Syd and Bris

Host Hamish McLachlan and Leigh Matthews, Jude Bolton and Nick Maxwell dissect all the action from the 2015 AFL Grand Final, along with all the latest news from Mark Stevens.

Related                                                                                                                               0236315-5739cd209c249c76a39f1473d0f93605.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000023307 00000000000 014632  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Update:

ESPN’s Adam Schefter reports that the 49ers are expected to choose between Chip Kelly and Mike Shanahan for their next head coach.

Schefter adds that a decision is likely to be made in the next 24 hours.

Ian Rapoport reports that Tom Coughlin also doesn’t see the 49ers as being a fit for him, given how far away they are from his family. Even so, Rapoport doesn’t get the sense that the 49ers are out on Coughlin.

also doesn’t see the 49ers as being a fit for him, given how far away they are from his family. Even so, Rapoport doesn’t get the sense that the 49ers are out on Coughlin. Matt Barrows reports that 49ers could hire John DeFlippo as their offensive coordinator if they bring in Mike Shanahan as their next head coach.

as their offensive coordinator if they bring in as their next head coach. Ian Rapoport reports that the 49ers interviewed Mike Shanahan for their head-coaching vacancy on Tuesday. According to Rapoport, interest in Shanahan has “ramped up considerably” since then.

The 49ers have interviewed seven candidates since they parted ways with Jim Tomsula. This group consists of Mike Shanahan, Bengals OC Hue Jackson, Chip Kelly, Browns OC John Defilippo, Buccaneers OC Dirk Koetter, Tom Coughlin, and Bills assistant head coach/RBs Anthony Lynn.

However, recent reports have said that Defilippo may only be an offensive coordinator candidate for San Francisco.

Mike Holmgren expressed interest in the job as well.

We’ll have more regarding the 49ers job as news is available.

————–

Ian Rapoport of NFL Media confirms that Mike Shanahan has, in fact, reentered the picture in regards to 49ers’ head-coaching vacancy.

However, Rapoport mentions that the 49ers are waiting to figure out the Tom Coughlin situation after reaching out to him.

Dianna Marie Russini reports that veteran HC Mike Shanahan appears to be “strongly back in the mix” for the 49ers’ head-coaching vacancy. Russini adds that it appears as though the 49ers are closing on hiring someone to be their next head coach.

appears to be “strongly back in the mix” for the 49ers’ head-coaching vacancy. Russini adds that it appears as though the 49ers are closing on hiring someone to be their next head coach. Jason Cole reports that the 49ers like Shanahan because he could bring discipline to the team and has connections to the Walsh era.

Mike Silver of NFL Media expects the 49ers to ultimately choose between hiring Tom Coughlin, Dirk Koetter, Chip Kelly, and Mike Shanahan as their next head coach with a decision coming at some point in the near future.

and as their next head coach with a decision coming at some point in the near future. Silver doesn’t expect the 49ers to interview any more candidates for their head-coaching vacancy.

————-

Matt Barrows reports that the 49ers have completed their interview with former Giants HC Tom Coughlin regarding their head-coaching vacancy.

Tim Kawakami reports that it sounds like the 49ers are no longer in the Hue Jackson sweepstakes. According to Kawakami, San Francisco could still get back in the mix Jackson, but it appears as though their pursuit of him is over for now.

sweepstakes. According to Kawakami, San Francisco could still get back in the mix Jackson, but it appears as though their pursuit of him is over for now. Ian Rapoport of NFL Media reports that the 49ers are interviewing former Giants HC Tom Coughlin on Tuesday for their vacancy.

on Tuesday for their vacancy. Mike Garafolo of FOX Sports reports that the Giants have granted the 49ers permission to interview Tom Coughlin.

———–

According to Matt Barrows of the Sacramento Bee, the 49ers could be contemplating a scenario in which they would hire Tom Coughlin as their head coach and hire Browns OC John DeFilippo is the heir apparent.

DeFilippo is scheduled to talk to the Rams about their offensive coordinator opening today.

This will be Coughlin’s second interview after he’s done meeting with the Eagles on Monday. Teams need to get permission to speak with Coughlin because he resigned and still has one year remaining on his contract.

———–

Matt Maiocco of CSN Bay Area reports that the 49ers and Bengals OC Hue Jackson had a “productive meeting” in Cincinnati Sunday morning.

Jackson is considered a “serious candidate” to be the next 49ers’ head coach, but the team has yet to make an offer to any candidate.

According to Maiocco’s source, although it’s unlikely that the 49ers will hire their next head coach today, San Francisco could have someone in place “fairly soon.”

Mike Silver of NFL Media reports that the 49ers have completed their interview with Bengals OC Hue Jackson , and he’s now scheduled to meet with the Browns in the coming hours.

, and he’s now scheduled to meet with the in the coming hours. Ian Rapoport of NFL Media reports that Jackson, who is interviewing with the 49ers on Sunday, could end up being hired as the team’s next head coach as soon as today, depending on how the meeting goes.

Rick Stroud reports that Buccaneers OC Dirk Koetter “really impressed” the 49ers during his interview with the on Saturday.

————

Tim Kawakami reports that the 49ers did interview Browns OC John DeFilippo, but mainly as an offensive coordinator candidate in case they don’t land Bengals OC Hue Jackson.

According to Kawakami, if the 49ers have to extend their head-coaching search, they could include defensive-minded candidates while packaging him with DeFilippo as offensive coordinator.

However, Kawakami adds that Jackson is still viewed as the “front-runner” for the 49ers’ job.

Regarding Chip Kelly, Kawakami mentions that San Francisco decided Jackson was their guy after their meeting with Kelly.

————

Matt Barrows of the Sacramento Bee reports that the 49ers interviewed Buccaneers OC Dirk Koetter on Saturday regarding their head-coaching job. According to Barrows, the meeting took place in Tampa Bay.

Bengals OC Hue Jackson is scheduled to meet with the 49ers on Sunday.

Tim Kawakami, citing an NFL source, reports that Jackson is the “clear front-runner” for the 49ers head-coach job, pending his Sunday interview.

Kawakami adds that if the Bengals win on Saturday, the 49ers can interview Jackson the following day, but can’t officially hire him until Cincinnati’s season is over.

Albert Breer mentions that Jackson is in “good shape” in regards to the 49ers’ job now that Sean Payton is remaining in New Orleans.

is remaining in New Orleans. Eric Branch reports that the 49ers have not contacted Mike Holmgren regarding their head-coach job.

regarding their head-coach job. Meanwhile, Bill Williamson reports Holmgren would be open to talking to teams with vacancies, especially the 49ers.

Adam Schefter reports that the 49ers will meet with Browns OC John Defilippo regarding their head-coaching position.

————-

Matt Maiocco reports that the the 49ers have met with former Eagles coach Chip Kelly regarding the head-coaching job.

Jason La Canfora reports that the 49ers began considering the idea of hiring Kelly once they made the decision to fire Jim Tomsula . La Canfora believes San Francisco could be Kelly’s best and only potential landing spot.

. La Canfora believes San Francisco could be Kelly’s best and only potential landing spot. According to Maiocco, the 49ers also interviewed Bills assistant HC/RBs coach Anthony Lynn on Thursday.

————

Jason Cole of B/R reports that the 49ers are “overwhelmingly” looking for an offensive-minded head coach with guys like Bears OC Adam Gase and Buccaneers OC Dirk Koetter being mentioned as possibilities.

However, Cole mentions that they’re “very interested” in Bengals OC Hue Jackson . The 49ers could also interest Stanford HC David Shaw in the coming weeks for their vacancy, according to Cole.

. The 49ers could also interest Stanford HC in the coming weeks for their vacancy, according to Cole. ESPN’s Adam Schefter reports that the 49ers requested permission to interview Buccaneers OC Dirk Koetter on Tuesday, but haven’t heard back from them.

on Tuesday, but haven’t heard back from them. Albert Breer reports that the 49ers will interview Bengals OC Hue Jackson on Sunday following their playoff game against the Steelers.

———–

Dianna Marie Russini is now reporting that the meeting between the 49ers and veteran HC Mike Shanahan is now on hold.

Josina Anderson of ESPN reports that the 49ers have scheduled an interview with Bills assistant head coach/RBs Anthony Lynn for this week.

San Francisco has reportedly requested an interview with Bengals OC Hue Jackson.

———–

Mike Silver of NFL Media reports that the 49ers have requested an interview with Bengals OC Hue Jackson regarding their head-coaching vacancy.

This comes after Albert Breer mentioned that if the 49ers can’t land Saints HC Sean Payton, Jackson is likely the name to watch for their job. Breer mentions that Jackson worked with 49ers GM Trent Baalke while in Washington.

49ers CEO Jed York announced that Baalke will remain with the team, even after they fired HC Jim Tomsula last night.

Baalke will be responsible for hiring the team’s next head coach and also has ties to Payton. Although, trading for Payton could require them to part with a second-round pick.

———-

Adam Schefter reports that former Eagles HC Chip Kelly has reached out to them regarding their head-coaching vacancy.

According to Schefter, the 49ers will at the very least consider the possibility of hiring Kelly.

Meanwhile, Ian Rapoport reports that Mike Shanahan has expressed interest in the 49ers’ job.

San Francisco parted ways with Jim Tomsula last night, and despite the team’s struggles in 2015, it appears as though there is a decent amount of interest in their head-coaching vacancy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0236416-f307065ae32224bafb00fab68ff19bd8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013341 00000000000 015236  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        View the photo gallery: First Lady visits Camp Pendleton

RESOURCES FOR MILITARY FAMILIES MilitaryHOMEFRONT: militaryhomefront.dod.mil Military OneSource: militaryonesource.com The National Military Family Association: MilitaryFamily.org Local Marine Corps Family Readiness Group information: www.i-mef.usmc.mil/external/imef-01/family_readiness.jsp Local Navy Fleet & Family Support Centers: www.cnrsw.navy.mil/fsc Homefront San Diego/The Navy League of San Diego: homefrontsandiego.org Marine & Family Services: mccscp.com/home/Family-Services/marine_family_services_home.aspx National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, a free, 24-hour hotline for anyone in suicidal crisis or emotional distress: (800) 273-TALK (8255)

First lady Michelle Obama brought her national call to action on behalf of military families to Camp Pendleton on Sunday, where she challenged each American to find a way to support service members and their loved ones.

Obama met privately with injured service members and their families at the Marine Corps base and then addressed a crowd of about 3,500 — most of them troops from the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force headquartered at the base near Oceanside.

“Given all that you and your family do to take care of America, America needs to take care of you,” she said. “Not just now, but for decades to come.”

The Camp Pendleton visit was one in a series of appearances by Obama to highlight one of her signature issues as first lady — the challenges military families continue to face during nearly a decade at war.

For men and women fighting overseas, the losses are counted in so many missed moments, from the birth of a child to wedding anniversaries and holidays at home.

Along with children who have spent most of their lives with a parent deployed are those whose mother or father will never return: Since 2001, 1,114 U.S. troops have died because of the war in Afghanistan; 4,405 have been killed in Iraq; and tens of thousands more have been wounded in both conflicts, according to icasualties.org.

Other impacts of the wars that have transcended the battlefield include rising rates of divorce, suicide, post-traumatic stress, and anxiety for service members and the 2 million children they leave behind on the homefront.

Recent research indicates that repeat deployments are having a cumulative effect on military spouses and children. A RAND Corp. study commissioned by the National Military Family Association and released in March found that the longer a parent is deployed, the more behavioral and emotional problems among children.

Obama’s mission Sunday while visiting what she described as one of America’s biggest and strongest military communities was “to help the rest of our country understand and appreciate the incredible service of you and your families,” she told the crowd, and “ensure that your needs are met.”

“One percent of America may be fighting our wars, but 100 percent of Americans need to be supporting you in that fight,” Obama said.

Camp Pendleton is home to more than 60,000 Marines, sailors and family members. Those troops have been on the front lines in Helmand province, the most dangerous swath of the battlefield for U.S. forces. That southern province of Afghanistan, where Marines spearheaded a major offensive in the town of Marja earlier this year, supplies most of the world’s opium and funding for the Taliban.

Obama spoke for nearly 30 minutes. At one point, she recited the ranks and names of five Marines from the Camp Pendleton force who died in Afghanistan last week.

Obama was introduced by Rep. Susan Davis, D-San Diego, chairwoman of the military personnel subcommittee, who previously lived overseas while her spouse served in the military; and Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif.

Earlier in the day, Obama met with Lt. Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr., head of the 1st Marine Expeditionary Force, and his wife, among other commanders and their families, and received frank input from military spouses, she said.

This was Obama’s second trip to San Diego County since she became first lady. In April, she visited a community garden in the City Heights neighborhood of San Diego to promote healthy eating and fight obesity in children.

At the talk Sunday, she urged service members to participate in the Pentagon’s Military Family Life Project, a survey launched in May studying quality-of-life issues.

“The more we know about your priorities, the more we can do to meet them,” she said.

In May, she announced a federal review of programs supporting military families. She also has hailed the president’s budget proposal for 2011, which included a 3 percent increase in funding for military support services such as child care and housing, up to $8.8 billion.

AnnaMaria White, a spokeswoman for Blue Star Families, a national military support organization, said she appreciated Obama’s “genuine” concern and plea for everyday Americans to step up. “There are so many little ways that people can help make military family life more sustainable,” White said.

Estela Magana, 24, whose husband is busy training to deploy for a second time to Afghanistan with the Marine Corps, said her 2-year-old son, Isaiah, is too young to understand why his dad is gone so often. Obama’s visit to the base to acknowledge those hardships was touching, she said.

“It gives us hope that she cares. With the war and our families, there’s a lot of stress,” Magana said. The Marines pull together as a family to cope, but among the civilian world, “not a lot of people understand.”

Obama said America needs to take action to lighten the load of military families, before ending her speech with the Marine Corps rallying cry, “Semper fi!”

Gretel C. Kovach: (619) 293-1293; gretel.kovach@uniontrib.com; follow on Twitter @gckovach                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0236318-43725d27d6af3966c9b2d659d0b700bf.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003506 00000000000 015045  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Share

Today it’s known for its high-end luxury sports cars, but by 2020 (or “maybe 2019”), Maserati hopes to offer its wealthy consumers something that not only costs a lot of green, but is green itself — an electric vehicle. Sure, by the time its version rolls around, electric cars may not be nearly as buzzworthy as they are today. After all, the Italian carmaker is already a bit late to the game in announcing its own EV plans. But as the company’s engineering lead Roberto Fedeli told Car and Driver, Maserati isn’t worried about doing things first, but more about doing them better than anyone else.

“We will be last (with a production EV), and we have to arrive to the market with something different,” Fedeli said. “Very different.” As such, Maserati has no interest in taking cues from other makers, and certainly won’t be making a Telsa copycat.

“A Tesla fighter probably [is] not a good idea,” he mused, and then added, “I don’t think that Tesla is the best product in the market but they are doing 50,000 cars a year. The execution and quality of the products of Tesla are the same as a German OEM in the 1970s. Their solutions are not the best.” Those are some fighting words if we ever heard any.

So how will Maserati engineer a best-in-class solution? Part of it, Fedeli said, will be to make it feel like a Maserati. “Acceleration for three seconds, maximum, and that’s all the emotion that is found. After that there is nothing,” he lamented, commenting on the weight of most EVs today. “The EV is something different and we have to [give] the car [Maserati character].”

Ultimately, Fedeli hopes to create a car that is not only green and efficient, but also on-brand with the signature Maserati sports car feel. Consistency, Fedeli said, is absolutely key, and “needs to be solved” come 2020.                                                                                                                                                                                          0236400-20011cabd66479e1fa39de91b8d0bd61.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000023622 00000000000 015153  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Inside a toxic hellhole, Iron Mountain Mine ENVIRONMENT Iron Mountain's runoff polluted rivers for century

Don Bader and Larry Ball both with the Bureau of Reclamation pass through a puddle of acid water as they take part in a walking tour of Iron Mountain Mine Friday August 20, 2010. The mine east of Redding Ca is considered one of the most toxic sites in the world. less Don Bader and Larry Ball both with the Bureau of Reclamation pass through a puddle of acid water as they take part in a walking tour of Iron Mountain Mine Friday August 20, 2010. The mine east of Redding Ca is ... more Photo: Lance Iversen, The Chronicle Photo: Lance Iversen, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Inside a toxic hellhole, Iron Mountain Mine 1 / 7 Back to Gallery

A strange chemical smell lingered in the stifling heat as a group of environmental scientists groped in the darkness through one of the most polluted places on Earth.

The Iron Mountain Mine, outside of Redding, is a hellish pit where acid water sloshes against your boots, greenish bacterial slime gurgles out of the walls, and stalactites and stalagmites of acid salt, copper and iron jut out like rusty daggers.

"You don't want to splash this stuff," said Rick Sugarek, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's project manager for the Iron Mountain Superfund site. "This is the concentrated stuff."

The water - so acidic it could dissolve fabrics and burn skin - lapped against the rubber boots of the scientists, toxic-substance specialists, geologists and EPA officials who slopped in the dark toward the source of the toxic stew that created what experts describe as the "world's worst water."

"It's really kind of creepy," said Jane Vorpagel, a staff environmental scientist for the California Department of Fish and Game, who was seeing the slime-dripping cavern for the first time.

The recent mine tour was, in part, an attempt to familiarize Jared Blumenfeld, the Environmental Protection Agency's recently appointed regional administrator, with the worst of the 128 Superfund sites in his district.

But it was also a lesson on the extent of the damage humans are capable of inflicting on their environment and the innovative methods of resolving those problems.

The EPA has taken extraordinary measures to neutralize the toxic mixture that polluted the Sacramento River and its tributaries for more than a century.

The flow of pollution, which killed thousands of fish and did untold damage to the river habitat, is largely being held at bay and the damage has been contained. But the journey through the vile dungeon of the mine showed clearly that the danger will always remain.

Peak topped with rust

Iron Mountain, about 9 miles northwest of Redding, was once a majestic peak topped with red iron rust that suggested to miners in the 1860s that a little digging might reveal valuable copper.

A company called Mountain Copper established a 4,400-acre mine in the 1890s and began to supply sulfuric acid to refineries in the Bay Area. It became the largest copper mine in California by the turn of the century, and a small city of laborers lived on the mountain. Twenty cavities the size of office buildings were drilled into the rock.

The mining operation turned to rubble what was originally a 200-foot-thick by 3,000-foot-long underground deposit of pyrite, the metallic mineral known as fool's gold. The destruction of the mountain exposed the pyrite to oxygen, water and bacteria that combined to create poisonous runoff.

The result was the worst concentration of acid in the world, about 500 times more toxic than any other mine.

Today, dirt roads snake over and around the mountain. Treatment plants, holding ponds and dams are scattered about to catch the toxic runoff. The entire area is carved up. Rubble and large areas of bare reddish dirt pock the hills.

The primary source of the acid is inside a shaft on the side of a steep, barren hillside known as the Richmond Mine. The group that trekked into the bowels of this shaft was one of the first to ever go that deep; it included news media and other observers not directly involved in Superfund research.

Inside, the sound of bubbling and burbling is everywhere as water drips onto superheated rocks and turns into vapor. The chemical steam heats up the cavern and emits a strong odor. One visitor is told it might not be good to breathe the air there for extended periods of time.

This is what Sugarek calls "the belly of the beast," a place so hot and lacking in oxygen that it has to be pumped full of air so workers and visitors don't pass out.

Acid salts eat away

The Richmond tunnel is mostly covered with a fiber concrete that protects against collapse, but the acid salts eat away at the material deeper inside, exposing rotting old timber beams. Iridescent green copper stalactites jut down from above, and sparkling black mineral deposits known as Voltaite multiply over the rock walls, much of which is made of pyrite.

The tour group wore rubber boots and gear to protect against ever-present water that is so acidic even a droplet would eat a hole in blue jeans or dissolve the stitching on boots, much like battery acid. Splashing it on bare skin would cause "exfoliation," Sugarek said with a wry grin.

"This certainly seems like the mother lode of contaminated sites," Blumenfeld said. "It is our job to learn from this and make sure it never happens again."

Over the past year, workers dredged much of the 170,000 cubic yards of copper, cadmium, zinc and iron that had flowed out of the mine and accumulated for 50 years at the bottom of the Spring Creek arm of the Keswick Reservoir. The sediments were piped up to a newly built treatment facility that separated out the solids and neutralized the toxic metals, which were then dried out and secured in pits on nearby federal land.

98% of material contained

Sugarek, who has been in charge of the Superfund site for 20 years, said the management of toxic material will continue, but, to date, 98 percent of the toxic material has been captured and contained.

"Our main goal at the EPA was to protect the Sacramento River," Sugarek said. "A ton a day of copper and zinc used to hit the river. We have been able to reduce that to 2 percent of what it once was."

Chemical cauldron

The flow from this chemical cauldron into the Sacramento River and its tributaries was devastating, EPA officials said. Before the creeping acid was contained, it was as bad for the environment as 100 oil refineries pouring petroleum into a salmon spawning stream would have been, Sugarek said.

The Bureau of Reclamation built an earthen dam in 1963 to block the steady flow of sludge, but it would often overflow during heavy winter rains and the copper and metals would get into the Sacramento River.

The mine was finally abandoned in 1966 and collapsed in on itself shortly after that, but the problem only got worse. By the time the EPA took over management of the area in the 1980s, a ton of acidic water a day was flowing into the river and the water in the debris dam was blood red from the mixture of iron and copper.

In 1988, a sudden surge of power at a U.S. Bureau of Reclamation plant sent 2,000 cubic feet per second of metal-laden water flowing out of the Keswick Reservoir, turning the Sacramento River red all the way to Hamilton City, 100 miles away.

The leftover mess

Desperate, the EPA built the Slick Rock Creek Retention Dam in 2004, which captured most of the red sludge. Now the EPA is concentrating on the leftover mess, which is expected to cost the government $200 million to manage over 30 years.

A federal court recently held the owner of the mountain, Ted Arman, and Iron Mountain Mines Inc. liable for nearly $27 million in past cleanup costs and some $30 million in interest accrued over the years. The former owner, Rhône-Poulenc, which later became Aventis CropScience USA Inc., agreed to pay the federal government $154 million over 30 years in future cleanup costs.

Sugarek said the runoff can be captured, cleaned and turned into landfill for up to 100 years if the money is available. The problem is that the toxic broth will continue pouring out of the mine for 3,000 years until the pyrite is used up or someone figures out a way to neutralize the chemical and biological reactions, scientists say.

No solution - yet

"There is nothing that we have in the world today that solves this particular dilemma," Sugarek said. "What we can do is collect it and treat it and hope that in the next 30 years we have come up with new technology or techniques to resolve it."

At one point during the mine tour several members began edging into a cavern and were quickly alerted by EPA officials that it was not safe to go any farther. A sudden increase in temperature was immediately apparent at the mouth of this cavity.

The shaft leads into a place deeper inside where researchers recently found six unique strains of bacteria living in a bed of pink slimethat are part of a little-understood biochemical cycle that devours iron, produces sulfuric acid, and creates a nightmarish broth of copper, zinc and arsenic.

There, the chemical reactions drive temperatures up to 130 degrees and the puddled water is sulfuric acid, concentrated enough to melt an aluminum ladder. Sugarek said the rocks inside this noxious horror house have been known to catch on fire from time to time.

Robot vanished

NASA once sent a robot in - and nobody ever saw the machine again or collected any scientific data from it, Sugarek said.

Scientists at NASA and UC Berkeley have not given up. They are studying the pink slime and what they believe is a primitive form of bacteria inside the mine, a substance so unusual that it can survive in laboratory-grade acid.

It is a measure of success, Blumenfeld said, that this toxic concoction is no longer pouring into the river.

"We've come across to the other side of the mountain," he said. "It is great to see that we can get back to a place where the water again runs clear. If you can clean up the Iron Mountain Mine, you can clean up anything."                                                                                                              0236355-2c0985d779bdeb9dc0938f014c964ea1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005242 00000000000 015134  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Hanhikivi, Finland: Sabotage of Fennovoimas Nuclear Power Plant Construction Site

received anonymously / Earth First! Newswire

On the night to Monday 8 of June a machine (digger) was sabotaged on the construction site of Fennovoimas planned nuclear power plant. Cables and wires etc. were cut and the windows were smashed. The individuals who made the action on the 8 of june represent themselves and no organisation or network of activists.

The mainstream media first reporting of the attack (newspaper Kaleva) chose to remove focus from the crimes the action was a response to, by instead focusing on the leakage of hydraulic oil in a gravel pit of the [clearcut] area that used to be the forest of Hanhikivi Cape, inhabited by many endangered species. As usual the chosen methods of individuals conducting the action became the focus of attention, and not the massively destructive project of the nuclear power plant itself. What the media calls “vandalism” was a conscious act of sabotage, a method that has always had an important role in the struggle against oppressive systems of exploitation where the interests of corporate power always goes before the needs and existence of local people and nature.

The writing of new laws as the project goes on, giving corporations like Fennovoima the right to forced expropriation of land, shows how far from a democratic process this is and also how laws are made to serve the interests of corporations and not people. The construction of a nuclear power plant is never a democratic process, and decisions concerning these kind[s] of energy systems are made far above the heads of ordinary people.

So far, the channels offered by the so called democratic system [have] not had any effect on the ongoing of the project and the preparation of the construction site for the planned reactor. Emphasis on “planned” – the application for building has not even gone through, and the project lacks the necessary percentage of domestic investors for the application to be approved by the state.

Now is a critical point to show the companies already involved and possible investors that this will be a difficult road to pursue. All

companies, big and small, involved – profiting from the destruction of Hanhikivi Cape and the creation of yet another massive nuclear problem for present and future generations – need to feel that this is not a good idea.

This is only the beginning.

In solidarity with the protest camp of Hanhikivi Cape and with locals resisting forced expropriation

Share this: Google

Reddit

Twitter

Facebook

Print

Email

More

LinkedIn

Pinterest



Pocket

Tumblr





Like this: Like Loading...

Check out these related Newswire posts:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0236272-680d7750fab64bd0ed9ae111fa5579cb.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000115122 00000000000 015251  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        LOUCHE POTATO Truman Capote, in his U.N. Plaza apartment, parodies the famous 1948 author photo of himself that was used for his first novel, Other Voices, Other Rooms., By Arnold Newman/Getty Images.

‘Have you seen Esquire?! Call me as soon as you’re finished,” New York society doyenne Babe Paley asked her friend Slim Keith over the telephone when the November 1975 issue hit the stands. Keith, then living at the Pierre hotel, sent the maid downstairs for a copy. “I read it, and I was absolutely horrified,” she later confided to the writer George Plimpton. “The story about the sheets, the story about Ann Woodward . . . There was no question in anybody’s mind who it was.” The story they were reading in Esquire was “La Côte Basque 1965,” but it wasn’t so much a story as an atomic bomb that Truman Capote built all by himself in his U.N. Plaza apartment and at his beach house in Sagaponack, Long Island. It was the first installment of Answered Prayers, the novel that Truman believed would be his masterpiece. He had boasted to his friend Marella Agnelli, wife of Gianni Agnelli, chairman of the board at Fiat, that Answered Prayers was “going to do to America what Proust did to France.” He couldn’t stop talking about his planned roman à clef. He told People magazine that he was constructing his book like a gun: “There’s the handle, the trigger, the barrel, and, finally, the bullet. And when that bullet is fired from the gun, it’s going to come out with a speed and power like you’ve never seen—wham!” But he had unwittingly turned the gun on himself: exposing the secrets of Manhattan’s rich and powerful was nothing short of social suicide. He had been a literary darling since the age of 23, when his first novel, Other Voices, Other Rooms, was published. Seventeen years later, in 1965, In Cold Blood, his extraordinary “nonfiction novel” about the brutal murder of the Clutters, a Kansas farm family, brought him international fame, sudden wealth, and literary accolades beyond anything he’d experienced before. But trying to write Answered Prayers, and its eventual fallout, destroyed him. By 1984, after several unsuccessful stays at dry-out centers such as Hazelden and Smithers, Capote seemed to have given up not only on the book but on life. Abandoned by most of his society friends, locked in a brutal, self-destructive relationship with a middle-aged, married, former bank manager from Long Island, Truman was worn out. Or heartbroken. After “La Côte Basque 1965,” only two more of its chapters were published, both in Esquire: “Unspoiled Monsters” (May 1976) and “Kate McCloud” (December 1976). (“Mojave,” which had appeared in Esquire in June 1975, was initially intended to be part of Answered Prayers, but Truman changed his mind about its inclusion.) Truman had recorded in his journals the outline for the entire book, which would comprise seven chapters. The remaining four were titled “Yachts and Things,” “And Audrey Wilder Sang,” “A Severe Insult to the Brain” (which according to urban legend was the cause of death on Dylan Thomas’s death certificate), and “Father Flanagan’s All-Night Nigger Queen Kosher Café,” the provocative title for the teeth-rattling concluding chapter. Truman claimed in his journals he had actually written it first. But was the novel ever completed? A number of Truman’s friends, including Joanne Carson (the second wife of television host Johnny Carson), say that he had read various unpublished chapters to them. “I saw them,” Joanne recalls. “He had a writing room in my house—he spent a lot of time here because it was a safe place and nobody could get to him—and he had many, many pages of manuscript, and he started to read them. They were very, very good. He read one chapter, but then someone called, and when I went back he just put them aside and said, ‘I’ll read them after dinner.’ But he never did—you know how that happens.”

After Capote’s death, on August 25, 1984, just a month shy of his 60th birthday, Alan Schwartz (his lawyer and literary executor), Gerald Clarke (his friend and biographer), and Joe Fox (his Random House editor) searched for the manuscript of the unfinished novel. Random House wanted to recoup something of the advances it had paid Truman—even if that involved publishing an incomplete manuscript. (In 1966, Truman and Random House had signed a contract for Answered Prayers for an advance of $25,000, with a delivery date of January 1, 1968. Three years later, they renegotiated to a three-book contract for an advance of $750,000, with delivery by September 1973. The contract was amended three more times, with a final agreement of $1 million for delivery by March 1, 1981. That deadline passed like all the others with no manuscript being delivered.) Following Capote’s death, Schwartz, Clarke, and Fox searched Truman’s apartment, on the 22nd floor of the U.N. Plaza, with its panoramic view of Manhattan and the United Nations. It had been bought by Truman in 1965 for $62,000 with his royalties from In Cold Blood. (A friend, the set designer Oliver Smith, noted that the U.N. Plaza building was “glamorous, the place to live in Manhattan” in the 1960s.) The three men looked among the stacks of art and fashion books in Capote’s cluttered Victorian sitting room and pored over his bookshelf, which contained various translations and editions of his works. They poked among the Tiffany lamps, his collection of paperweights (including the white rose paperweight given to him by Colette in 1948), and the dying geraniums that lined one window (“bachelor’s plants,” as writer Edmund White described them). They looked through drawers and closets and desks, avoiding the three taxidermic snakes Truman kept in the apartment, one of them, a cobra, rearing to strike. The men scoured the guest bedroom, at the end of the hallway—a tiny, peach-colored room with a daybed, a desk, a phone, and lavender taffeta curtains. Then they descended 15 floors to the former maid’s studio, where Truman had often written by hand on yellow legal pads. “We found nothing,” Schwartz told Vanity Fair. Joanne Carson claims that Truman had confided to her that the manuscript was tucked away in a safe-deposit box in a bank in California—maybe Wells Fargo—and that he had handed her a key to it the morning before his death. But he declined to tell her which bank held the box. “The novel will be found when it wants to be found,” he told her cryptically.

The three men then traveled to Truman’s rustic beach house, tucked away behind scrub pine, privet hedges, and hydrangea, on six acres, in Sagaponack. They enlisted the help of two of Truman’s closest friends in later years, Joe Petrocik and Myron Clement, who ran a small P.R. firm and had a house in nearby Sag Harbor. “He was just a wonderful person to us, a great friend,” Clement recalls. “Truman would talk to us about all these things that were going into Answered Prayers,” says Petrocik. “I remember I was at the other end of his couch, and he’s reading all this from a manuscript. Then he’d take a break, get up, and pour himself a Stoli. But the thing is, at that time, I never saw the actual manuscript. And then it occurred to me, later, just before I nodded off to sleep, maybe he had made the whole thing up. He was such a wonderful, wonderful actor.” Later on, though, Petrocik remembers, he was traveling with Truman from Manhattan to Long Island when “Truman handed me the manuscript to read on the way. I actually had it in my hands.” But after a thorough search of the beach house, no manuscript was found. Now, nearly 30 years later, the questions remain: What happened to the rest of Answered Prayers? Had Truman destroyed it, simply lost it, or hidden it, or had he never written it at all? And why on earth did he publish “La Côte Basque 1965” so early, considering the inevitable backlash? Gerald Clarke, author of the masterful Capote: The Biography, recalls Truman telling him, in 1972, “I always planned this book as being my principal work. . . . I’m going to call it a novel, but in actual fact it’s a roman à clef. Almost everything in it is true, and it has . . . every sort of person I’ve ever had any dealings with. I have a cast of thousands.” He had begun thinking about it as early as 1958 and wrote a complete outline, and even an ending. He also wrote part of a screenplay that year with the title Answered Prayers, about a manipulative southern gigolo and his unhappy paramour. Though the screenplay was apparently abandoned, the idea took shape as a lengthy, Proustian novel. The title is taken from St. Teresa of Avila, the 16th-century Carmelite nun, who famously said, “More tears are shed over answered prayers than unanswered ones.” In a letter to Random House publisher and co-founder Bennett Cerf, written from Páros, Greece, in the summer of 1958, Truman promised that he was in fact working on “a large novel, my magnum opus, a book about which I must be very silent. . . . The novel is called, ‘Answered Prayers’; and, if all goes well, I think it will answer mine.” But before he could write it, another work took over Truman’s life: In Cold Blood. Begun in 1959, it would consume six years of his life—most of it spent living in Kansas, a world away from the New York society he loved and from the city where he felt he belonged. In Cold Ink

In “La Côte Basque 1965,” Capote turned his diamond-brilliant, diamond-hard artistry on the haut monde of New York society fixtures: Gloria Vanderbilt, Babe Paley, Slim Keith, Lee Radziwill, Mona Williams—elegant, beautiful women he called his “swans.” They were very soignée and very rich and also his best friends. In the story Capote revealed their gossip, the secrets, the betrayals—even a murder. “All literature is gossip,” Truman told Playboy magazine after the controversy erupted. “What in God’s green earth is Anna Karenina or War and Peace or Madame Bovary, if not gossip?” The story was intended to be the fifth chapter of the book, its title referring to Henri Soulé’s celebrated restaurant, on East 55th Street, across from the St. Regis hotel. It was where the swans gathered to lunch and to see and be seen. In the story a literary hustler and bisexual prostitute named P. B. Jones—“Jonesy”—runs into “Lady Ina Coolbirth” on the street. A much-married-and-divorced society matron, she has been stood up by the Duchess of Windsor, so she invites Jonesy to join her for lunch at one of the coveted tables at the front of the restaurant. Lady Coolbirth, in Truman’s words, is “a big breezy peppy broad” from the American West, now married to an English aristocrat. If she had looked in the mirror, she would have seen Slim Keith, who had been well and often married, to film director Howard Hawks and film and theatrical producer Leland Hayward before wedding the English banker Sir Kenneth Keith. The story unfolds as a long, gossipy conversation—a monologue, really—delivered by Lady Coolbirth over countless flutes of Roederer Cristal champagne. She observes the other ladies who lunch—Babe Paley and her sister Betsey Whitney; Lee Radziwill and her sister, Jacqueline Kennedy; and Gloria Vanderbilt and her friend Carol Matthau. Or, as Capote wrote, “Gloria Vanderbilt de Cicco Stokowski Lumet Cooper and her childhood chum, Carol Marcus Saroyan Saroyan (she married him twice) Matthau: women in their late thirties, but looking not much removed from those deb days when they were grabbing Lucky Balloons at the Stork Club.” Other boldfaced names who appear undisguised include Cole Porter coming on to a handsome Italian waiter; Princess Margaret, who makes snide comments about “poufs”; and Joe Kennedy, jumping into bed with one of his daughter’s 18-year-old school chums. Lady Coolbirth grouses about having got stuck at a dinner next to Princess Margaret, who bored her into semi-unconsciousness. As for Gloria Vanderbilt, Capote presents her as empty-headed and vain, especially when she fails to recognize her first husband, who stops by her table to say hello. (“ ‘Oh, darling. Let’s not brood,’ says Carol consolingly. ‘After all, you haven’t seen him in over twenty years.’ ”) When Vanderbilt read the story, she supposedly said, “The next time I see Truman Capote, I’m going to spit in his face.” “I think Truman really hurt my mother,” the CNN journalist and newscaster Anderson Cooper says today.

But the tale that spread like a prairie fire up Park Avenue was a thinly disguised account of a humiliating one-night stand endured by “Sidney Dillon,” a stand-in for William “Bill” Paley, the head of the CBS television-and-radio network and one of the most powerful men in New York at that time. Bill and Truman were friends, but Truman worshipped his wife, Barbara “Babe” Paley—the tall, slim, elegant society doyenne widely considered to have been the most beautiful and chic woman in New York. Of Truman’s haut monde swans, Babe Paley was the most glamorous. Truman once noted in his journals, “Mrs. P had only one fault: she was perfect; otherwise, she was perfect.” The Paleys practically adopted Truman; photographs of the three of them at the Paleys’ house in Jamaica show the tall, handsome couple with tiny Truman standing beside them, wearing swimming trunks and a cat-that-ate-the-canary smile, as if he were their pampered son. The one-night stand in the story occurs between Dillon and the dowdy wife of a New York governor, possibly based on Nelson Rockefeller’s second wife, Mary, known by her nickname “Happy.” She was “a cretinous Protestant size forty who wears low-heeled shoes and lavender water,” Truman cattily wrote, who “looked as if she wore tweed brassieres and played a lot of golf.” Though married to “the most beautiful creature alive,” Dillon desires the governor’s wife because she represents the only thing that lies outside of Dillon’s grasp—acceptance by old-money Wasp society, a plum denied Dillon because he is Jewish. Dillon sits next to the governor’s wife at a dinner party, flirts with her, and invites her up to his New York pied-à-terre, at the Pierre, saying he “wanted her opinion of his new Bonnard.” After they have sex, he discovers that her menstrual blood has left a stain “the size of Brazil” on his bedsheet. Worried that his wife will arrive at any moment, Dillon scrubs the sheet in the bathtub, on his hands and knees, and then attempts to dry it by baking it in the oven before replacing it on the bed.

Within hours of the story’s publication in Esquire, frantic phone calls were made all over the Upper East Side. Slim called back Babe, who asked of the Sidney Dillon character, “You don’t think that it’s Bill, do you?” “Of course not,” Slim lied, but she had heard from Truman months earlier that indeed it was Bill Paley. Babe was horrified and heartbroken. She was seriously ill at the time with terminal lung cancer, and, instead of blaming her husband for the infidelity, she blamed Truman for putting it into print. Sir John Richardson, the acclaimed Picasso biographer and Vanity Fair contributing editor, saw her often during the last months of her life. “Babe was appalled by ‘La Côte Basque,’ ” he recalls. “People used to talk about Bill as a philanderer, but his affairs weren’t the talk of the town until Truman’s story came out.” Babe would never speak to Truman again. But her response paled compared with the reaction of another one of Truman’s subjects: Ann Woodward. She had achieved notoriety for having shot and killed her husband 20 years earlier, but the story had been largely forgotten before “La Côte Basque 1965” was published. Woodward—Ann Hopkins in Truman’s story—enters the restaurant, creating an immediate stir; even the Bouvier sisters, Jacqueline and Lee, take note. In Truman’s retelling of the saga, Ann is a beautiful redhead from the West Virginia hills whose Manhattan odyssey had taken her from call girl to “the favorite lay of one of [gangster] Frankie Costello’s shysters,” to—ultimately—the wife of David Hopkins (William Woodward Jr.), a handsome young scion of wealth and “one of the bluest of New York’s blue bloods.” Ann is another of the many Holly Golightly figures who make their appearances throughout Truman’s oeuvre—beautiful, social-climbing waifs from the rural South who move to New York and re-invent themselves, not unlike Truman’s own personal journey. But Ann continued to philander, and David—eager to divorce her—discovered that she had failed to dissolve a teenage marriage undertaken back in West Virginia, and thus they weren’t legally married after all. Terrified that he will kick her out, Ann takes advantage of a rash of break-ins in the neighborhood and loads a shotgun, which she keeps beside her bed. She fatally shoots David, claiming that she mistook him for an intruder. Her mother-in-law, Hilda Hopkins (Elsie Woodward), desperate to avoid a scandal, pays off the police, and an inquest never brings charges against Ann for murder. On October 10, 1975, just a few days before the November Esquire appeared, Ann Woodward was found dead. Many believed that someone had sent her an advance copy of Truman’s story and she’d killed herself, by swallowing cyanide. “We’ll never know, but it’s possible that Truman’s story pushed her over the edge,” says Clarke. “Her two sons later committed suicide as well.” Ann’s mother-in-law grimly said, “Well, that’s that. She shot my son, and Truman murdered her … ” Ladies Who Punch

Luckily for Truman he was able to hightail it out of town when “La Côte Basque 1965” was published, to begin rehearsals for his first starring role in a film, Columbia Pictures’ 1976 comedy Murder by Death, produced by Ray Stark. Accompanied by John O’Shea, his middle-aged bank-manager lover from Wantagh, Long Island, Truman rented a house at 9421 Lloydcrest Drive, in Beverly Hills. The murder-mystery spoof, written by Neil Simon and directed by Robert Moore, cast a number of great comic actors in roles parodying famous detectives—Peter Falk as Sam Diamond (Sam Spade), James Coco as Milo Perrier (Hercule Poirot), Peter Sellers as Sidney Wang (Charlie Chan), Elsa Lanchester as Miss Marbles (Miss Marple), and David Niven and Maggie Smith as Dick and Dora Charleston (Nick and Nora Charles). Alec Guinness played a blind butler (as in “the butler did it”), and Truman played Mr. Lionel Twain, an eccentric connoisseur of crime. It was supposed to be great fun, but Truman found working on Murder by Death to be grueling. O’Shea recalled that “he used to get up in the morning as if he were going to the gallows, instead of the studio.” Though his screen time was quite brief, he crowed to a visiting journalist on the set of Murder by Death in Burbank, “What Billie Holiday is to jazz, what Mae West is to tits … what Seconal is to sleeping pills, what King Kong is to penises, Truman Capote is to the great god Thespis!” In reality he was not much of an actor, and he looked bloated and unwell on-screen. The reviews were not kind. While in Los Angeles, Truman spent much of his time at Joanne Carson’s Malibu house. She stood by helplessly while he rattled around, still stunned by the reaction to “La Côte Basque 1965.” He complained to Joanne, “But they know I’m a writer. I don’t understand it.” To café society, his departure from New York looked like pure cowardice. He phoned Slim Keith, whom he often called “Big Mama,” but she refused to talk to him. Unable to accept Slim’s rejection, he boldly sent her a cable in Australia at the end of the year, where she was spending the holidays: “Merry Christmas, Big Mama. I’ve decided to forgive you. Love, Truman.” Far from forgiving him, Slim had consulted a lawyer about suing Truman for libel. But what really broke his heart was the reaction from the Paleys. Screwing up his courage, Truman phoned Bill Paley, who took the call. Paley was civil but distant, and Truman had to ask if he’d read the Esquire story. “I started, Truman,” he said, “but I fell asleep. Then a terrible thing happened: the magazine was thrown away.” Truman offered to send him another copy. “Don’t bother, Truman. I’m preoccupied right now. My wife is very ill.” Truman was devastated by those words—“my wife”—as if his wife weren’t Babe Paley, a woman whom Truman idolized and whose friendship he had long treasured. Now she was mortally ill, and he wasn’t even allowed to speak to her. Babe died in the Paleys’ Fifth Avenue apartment on July 6, 1978. Truman was not invited to the funeral. “The tragedy is that we never made up before she died,” he told Gerald Clarke years after her death.

‘Truman’s ‘Côte Basque’ was all anybody was talking about,” columnist Liz Smith remembers. She was asked by Clay Felker, the editor of New York magazine, to interview him. “Truman was thrilled that I was going to do it. I went to Hollywood to interview him. I’ll never forget how distraught he was because the pressure was building. In the Padrino bar, in the Beverly Wilshire, he said, ‘I’m going to call [former Vogue editor] Mrs. Vreeland, and you’ll see that she’s really on my side.’ So he caused a big ruckus and they brought a phone [to the table]. He called her. He said, ‘I’m sitting here with Liz Smith, and she tells me that everyone is against me, but I know you’re not.’ He went on and on, holding the phone out for me to hear.” Vreeland spouted a series of inscrutable responses—“meaning everything and nothing—but Truman didn’t get the vote of confidence he was hoping for.” Smith came away worried about Truman, “because it seemed as if he was going to go all to pieces. He was the most surprised and shocked person you can imagine, and he would call to ask me—torment me—about what people in New York had said about him. After ‘La Côte Basque’ he was never happy again.” Smith’s ensuing article, “Truman Capote in Hot Water,” ran in the February 9, 1976, issue of New York. “Society’s sacred monsters at the top have been in a state of shock,” Smith wrote. “Never have you heard such gnashing of teeth, such cries for revenge, such shouts of betrayal and screams of outrage.” In her article Smith outed those swans Truman had bothered to thinly disguise: Lady Coolbirth was Slim Keith; Ann Hopkins was Ann Woodward; Sidney Dillon was Bill Paley. “It’s one thing to tell the nastiest story in the world to all your fifty best friends,” Smith wrote. “It’s another to see it set down in cold, Century Expanded type.” And not only did the swans turn against him, their husbands did as well, even if they weren’t mentioned in the story. Louise Grunwald, who had worked at Vogue before she married Henry Grunwald, the editor in chief of Time Inc. magazines, noticed that Truman’s friendships with women would not have flourished had he not also charmed their husbands. “Most men of that era,” she recalls, “were homophobic—very homophobic. But Truman was their exception, because he was so amusing. Nobody came into their houses that the husbands didn’t approve of. In a way, Truman could be very seductive, and he was a good listener. He was sympathetic. He seduced both the men and the women.”

But as the scandal unfolded, “Are you seeing Truman or are you not?” was whispered throughout New York’s high society. Slim Keith would run into him occasionally at the restaurant Quo Vadis, on East 63rd Street between Madison and Park Avenues, but she “never looked up at his face again,” Keith bragged to George Plimpton. Ostracizing Truman became the thing to do. “In the long run, the rich run together, no matter what,” Truman said in a 1980 Playboy-magazine interview. “They will cling, until they feel it’s safe to be disloyal, then no one can be more so.” At least Lee Radziwill and Carol Matthau, who did not come off badly in “La Côte Basque 1965,” stood up for Truman. Radziwill felt that it was Truman who had been “taken advantage of by a lot of people he thought were his friends. After all, he was fun and interesting to talk to, and brilliant. Why wouldn’t they want to have him around? He was absolutely in shock” about café society’s reaction, she recalls. “He’d hear of another monument falling, and he’d say, ‘But I’m a journalist—everybody knows that I’m a journalist!’ I just don’t think he realized what he was doing, because, God, did he pay for it. That’s what put him back to serious drinking. And then, of course, the terrible fear that he could never write another word again. It was all downhill from then on.”

‘Unspoiled Monsters” appeared next. It’s a mordantly funny, hair-raising, but deeply cynical account of a fictional writer named P. B. Jones (the P.B. standing for Paul Bunyan, Capote noted in his journals), who is the Jonesy in “La Côte Basque 1965.” It’s a far cry from the honeysuckle lyricism of Capote’s earlier work, or the stark reportage of In Cold Blood; it tells the picaresque tale of young Jones, the gay hustler who beds men and women alike if they can further his literary career. Katherine Anne Porter makes a disguised appearance, as does Tennessee Williams, both in cruel caricatures. Like Truman, Jones is writing a novel called Answered Prayers, even using the same Blackwing pencils Truman favored. He’s a charming but hard-bitten, male version of Holly Golightly, having escaped a Catholic orphanage to flourish in New York. His impoverished past, Truman later confided, was borrowed from the life story of Perry Smith, the dark-haired, dark-eyed murderer Truman came to know intimately while writing In Cold Blood. In a sense, P. B. Jones is both Truman and Perry, a figure who haunted Truman’s last decade and whose execution by hanging—which Truman witnessed—would devastate him emotionally. The title character of “Kate McCloud,” which followed in Esquire, was modeled on Mona Williams, later Mona von Bismarck, another oft married socialite friend of Truman’s whose cliff-top villa on Capri he’d visited. Of Mona’s five husbands, one, James Irving Bush, was described as “the handsomest man in America” and another, Harrison Williams, as “the richest man in America.” Also, like Holly Golightly, the red-haired, green-eyed beauty had begun life more modestly, the daughter of a groom on the Kentucky estate of Henry J. Schlesinger, who became her first husband. A generation older than Truman’s other swans, she was not generally recognized as a model for Kate McCloud, except by John Richardson, who recalls, “I was convinced it was Mona—it was so obvious.” Why was Truman so surprised by the reaction of his swans? “I’d never seen anything like it,” Clarke recalls. “I read ‘La Côte Basque’ one summer day in Gloria Vanderbilt’s swimming pool in the Hamptons when Gloria and her husband, Wyatt Cooper, were away. I was reading it while Truman was floating in the pool on a raft. I said, ‘People aren’t going to be happy with this, Truman.’ He said, ‘Nah, they’re too dumb. They won’t know who they are.’ He could not have been more wrong.” So, why did he do it? “I wonder whether he wasn’t testing the love of his friends, to see what he could get away with. We had Truman around because he paid for his supper,” Richardson says, “by being the great storyteller in the marketplace of Marrakech. Truman was a brilliant raconteur. We’d say, ‘Oh, do tell us what Mae West was really like,’ or what did he know about Doris Duke? And he’d go on in that inimitable voice for 20 minutes, and it was absolutely marvelous, one story after another. And he loved doing it—he was a show-off.” Truman bristled at the idea that he was some sort of mascot or lapdog. “I was never that,” he insisted. “I had a lot of rich friends. I don’t particularly like rich people. In fact, I have a kind of contempt for most of them. . . . Rich people I know would be totally lost … if they didn’t have their money. That’s why … they hang together so closely like a bunch of bees in a beehive, because all they really have is their money.” In what would become a mantra of Truman’s, he often asked, “What did they expect? I’m a writer, and I use everything. Did all those people think I was there just to entertain them?” Breakfast at Studio 54

Truman’s decline was unstoppable. In addition to his alcohol abuse, he was partaking heavily of cocaine. He fell in love with Studio 54, the quintessential 70s disco, which opened in April of 1977. Truman described it as “the nightclub of the future. It’s very democratic. Boys with boys, girls with girls, girls with boys, blacks and whites, capitalists and Marxists, Chinese and everything else—all one big mix.” He spent many nights watching from the D.J.’s crow’s nest overlooking the dance floor—“the men running around in diapers, cocktail waiters in satin basketball shorts, often lured away by the customers”—or dancing madly by himself, laughing delightedly every time a giant man in the moon suspended over the dance floor brought a spoonful of white powder to its nose. Banished from café society, he embraced this louche, hedonistic world and was taken up by Andy Warhol and the Factory, where drugs flowed as freely as gossip had at La Côte Basque and Quo Vadis. The revelers at Studio 54 didn’t care that Truman had spilled the beans—they didn’t know or care who Babe Paley was. V.F. special correspondent Bob Colacello, a former editor of Andy Warhol’s Interview magazine, for which Truman was by this time writing a column called “Conversations with Capote,” felt that “Truman enjoyed it all, but I think that deep down he wished that he could have just gone to lunch with Babe Paley.” The effect of his new lifestyle was devastating. His weight ballooned, drowning his once delicate features in alcoholic bloat. “Long before Truman died,” John Richardson recalls, “I saw a sort of bag lady with two enormous bags wandering around the corner of Lexington and 73rd, where I lived then. And suddenly, I realized, Christ! It’s Truman! I said, ‘Come on by and have a cup of tea.’ ” At the apartment, Richardson went to the kitchen to make the tea, and by the time he got back, “half a bottle of vodka—or scotch or whatever it was—was gone. I had to take him outside and gently put him into a cab.”

Lee Radziwill recalls she and Truman “drifted apart because of his drinking. We just forgot about one another. I mean, I never forgot about him, but we didn’t see each other, because he wasn’t making any sense whatsoever. It was pitiful. Heartbreaking, because there was nothing you could do. He really wanted to kill himself. It was a slow and painful suicide.” The last straw was when Truman and John O’Shea came to stay with Lee at Turville Grange, her and Prince Radziwill’s country house in England. “They were not getting along well, to say the least. I didn’t want them to come, because I knew, even before he arrived, that Truman was in terrible shape. Stas left me alone with them. I said, ‘You can’t!’ Thank God we had a guesthouse in the courtyard because they were fighting the entire time, and they broke most of the furniture in the cottage. Finally, they left. That’s the last time I remember seeing Truman.” But what really shattered their friendship was the lawsuit for libel brought against Truman by Gore Vidal. In an interview Truman had given to Playgirl magazine, he related a story about how Vidal “got drunk [and] insulted Jackie’s mother” at a White House dinner party in November 1961 and was bodily removed from the White House by Bobby Kennedy and Arthur Schlesinger. The real incident was more benign—Gore and Bobby Kennedy had indeed gotten into an argument, when Bobby saw Gore’s hand resting on Jackie’s shoulder (“Fuck you”s were allegedly exchanged), but there was no physical heave-ho from the White House. Gore was incensed at Truman’s story, the culmination of a feud that had smoldered between the two men for decades. Vidal demanded an apology and $1 million in damages. Truman entreated Liz Smith to persuade Vidal to drop his lawsuit, which he refused to do. He then asked her to ask Lee Radziwill to give a deposition in his favor, as he said he had first gotten the story from Lee, but Lee was no longer returning Truman’s calls. So the columnist called Radziwill and asked her to say at least that the incident had in fact occurred, “otherwise, Gore is going to win this lawsuit, and it’s just going to crush Truman.” Radziwill told Vanity Fair, “I knew that Truman loathed Gore. [Vidal] was a very brilliant but very mean man. . . . When Truman asked me to do the deposition for him, I never knew anything about depositions. I was very upset that he lost. I felt it was my fault.” The lawsuit lingered for seven years, until Alan Schwartz made a direct appeal to Vidal himself. “Look,” he said. “Truman is in terrible shape between the drugs and alcohol, and you may feel you’ve been libeled, but I’m sure you don’t want to be part of a writer of Truman’s gifts being destroyed.” Gore eventually settled for a written apology. In July 1978, Truman appeared in an inebriated state on The Stanley Siegel Show, a local morning talk show in New York. Taking note of Truman’s incoherence during the interview, Siegel, the host, asked, “What’s going to happen unless you lick this problem of drugs and alcohol?” Truman, through the fog of his own misery, replied, “The obvious answer is that eventually I’ll kill myself.” The appearance was such a disaster it made headlines: DRUNK & DOPED, CAPOTE VISITS TV TALK SHOW, the New York Post jeered later that day. Truman had no recollection of what had occurred on The Stanley Siegel Show, but when he read the press accounts he was horrified. He nursed his wounds at a gay disco in SoHo that night, with Liza Minnelli and Steve Rubell, co-owner of Studio 54. The next day, one of his friends, Robert MacBride, a young writer Truman had befriended a few years earlier, removed a gun Truman kept in his apartment and delivered it to Alan Schwartz for safekeeping—a gun that had been given to Truman by Alvin “Al” Dewey Jr., the detective who had been in charge of the Clutter case. Truman was then bundled up and transported to Hazelden, the drug-and-alcohol rehabilitation center in Minnesota, accompanied by C. Z. and Winston Guest—the rare socialites who had remained loyal. Afraid he would back out, they flew with him to the clinic, where he spent the next month. He actually enjoyed his time there, but a few weeks after being discharged, he began drinking heavily again. Exhausted and unwell, Truman foolishly agreed to a grueling, 30-college lecture tour in the fall of 1978. Gerald Clarke thought he had embarked upon such an ordeal because he needed to know that he was “still loved and admired,” but the tour, too, was a disaster. He became so incoherent in Bozeman, Montana, that he had to be escorted offstage. Back on Long Island, Truman continued to slide. “I watch him when he’s sleeping,” observed Jack Dunphy, Truman’s former partner and friend of more than 30 years, “and he looks tired, very, very tired. It’s as if he’s at a long party and wants to say good-bye—but he can’t.” Publish and Perish

‘I did stop working on Answered Prayers in September 1977,” Truman wrote in the preface to his 1980 story collection, Music for Chameleons. “The halt happened because I was in a helluva lot of trouble: I was suffering a creative crisis and a personal one at the same time.” That personal crisis was John O’Shea. O’Shea seemed an unlikely partner for Truman—married for 20 years, with four children—but he was “just the kind of man Truman liked,” said Joe Petrocik, “a married, Irish, Catholic family man.” O’Shea was an aspiring writer, and he loved the life Truman introduced him to, and the possibility that he, too, could have a viable writing career. But he lacked Truman’s talent, charm, brilliance, and drive. “He was so ordinary that it was breathtaking,” Carol Matthau told George Plimpton for his oral history of Capote, but she also felt that the relationship had “hastened Truman’s death.” Perhaps Truman was trying to capture his early childhood memories of his biological father, Arch Persons, a rascally, stout businessman and something of a con man. Curiously, O’Shea’s wife and children adored Truman and didn’t seem to resent the role he played in breaking up their family. Such was Truman’s charm. But if the arrangement suited Truman psychologically—and sexually—it had become disastrous, even dangerous. In late 1976, Truman was locked in a nasty battle with O’Shea, exacerbated when O’Shea became involved with a woman. Claiming that O’Shea had run off with the manuscript of the “Severe Insult to the Brain” chapter of Answered Prayers, he sued his former lover in Los Angeles Superior Court, eventually dropping the suit in 1981. The two men reconciled, then broke up, again and again. In an attempt at revenge, Truman hired an acquaintance to follow O’Shea and to rough him up. Instead, the person ended up setting O’Shea’s car on fire. Truman’s decline is usually blamed on the debacle caused by “La Côte Basque 1965,” but Gerald Clarke believes the seeds of his self-destruction were planted much earlier, when he was researching In Cold Blood. He’d gotten close to Perry Smith during those five long years of visiting him in a bleak Kansas prison and then waiting for him to be executed. In some ways, the two men were alike: short, compactly built, artistic, the products of deprived early childhoods—it would have been easy for Truman to look into Perry Smith’s black eyes and think he was looking at his darker twin. “There was a psychological connection between the two of them,” Clarke believes. “Perry’s death took it out of him.” But Truman knew that the value of In Cold Blood “required the execution to take place.” He couldn’t finish his book otherwise. “He wrote that he wanted them to die—that started the decline.” He wasn’t prepared for the effect of watching Smith’s execution by hanging. The man swung for more than 10 minutes before he was pronounced dead. After leaving the prison, Truman had to pull his car over to the side of the road, where he wept for two hours. It’s possible that those events set the stage for the vitriol of Answered Prayers, originally conceived by Truman to be “a beautiful book with a happy ending”; instead it became a kind of j’accuse of the rich and socially prominent, revealing, if not reveling in, their treachery, deceit, vanity, and murderous impulses. Under their polished veneers, they are all users and hustlers, like P. B. Jones.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0236325-92ceae93c41a330eee52b100e84fa25d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010745 00000000000 015236  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        On the mend

It has been a frustrating few weeks because I would love to be out there helping the team.

Watching from the sidelines, I can definitely see how I could help if I was out there.

It's disappointing, but I also know that it's part of the NBA grind.

Last season I got hurt at the wrong time and I missed our playoff series so it's about being smart and being out there at the right time.

I'm rehabbing and I should be there soon.

No need to panic

It's a long season and although we've dropped a couple of games recently, it's definitely not time to hit the panic button.

There's been a lot of distractions the last couple of games. I think we were a little too relaxed at Christmas, bringing family and friends to LA for it may have made things a little too homely.

Road trips are usually a little more businesslike which could have played a factor but maybe that's just an excuse.

https://images.performgroup.com/di/library/sportal_com_au/a6/a1/curry-590_1k4e84afwky8q1jba1xzjlodc7.jpg?t=-1804771286&w=500&quality=80

We felt that the Lakers beat us fair and square a few days earlier, but we felt we had control of the Clippers game but we couldn't put them away in the first half.

For a while there in the first quarter they were shooting around 10 percent but we were unable to score ourselves.

It's just one of those stretches, I wouldn't say that it's a bad thing, we need to look at it as a wake up call, we're not where we need to be yet.

MORE: Andrew Bogut: More to achieve

Draymond made some valid points after the Clippers loss, maybe we were a little too lackadaisical.

That's something we don't want to do given they're a rival of ours and a team that we don't like and they don't like us.

There wasn't any animosity during the game which tells us that we were just there and not at our best.

When we're at our best we're frustrating them and when they're at their best they're frustrating us.

Having said all that, we're obviously going to have our ups and downs during the 82-game grind.

We're fortunate that we got off to a great start and at this point of the season, any team would take the position that we're in.

I'd say we've had just five bad games all season which isn't too bad given we're two months in.

As a team, we never want to look too far ahead. Coach Kerr usually puts our week ahead on the whiteboard and then we get to work and focus specifically on who we have in that week.

We have a lot of home games coming up but last season it was those kinds of games that we dropped, we didn't beat the teams at home that we were supposed to knock off and lost a higher playoff spot because of it.

The Western Conference is crazy

I watch games regardless of whether I'm hurt or not and I always like to watch the teams that we have coming up on the schedule.

I also like to just watch the good games, like Houston v San Antonio today.

The Western Conference is just so crazy, the Rockets look to have improved by adding Josh Smith provided he buys into their system.

https://images.performgroup.com/di/library/sportal_com_au/3e/39/smith-590_11l9y4v34slcl1tgyfe4x1hyyi.jpg?t=-1804655662&w=500&quality=80

Dwight Howard is back healthy so they have been playing really well of late.

Dallas have improved by adding Rajon Rondo, a big pick up for a team who could finish top four in the West.

It's been one of the most open years, anyone can come out of this conference it seems.

I look at the schedule and every night you're facing a team that can beat you.

Christmas Day

It's tough playing on Christmas Day because you don't get a lot of time to celebrate.

You don't want to change the routine that you always have.

You think, should I relax in the afternoon, should I chill the night before?

It can be distracting because you have your family there and you don't get as much sleep.

You don't get to celebrate it like everyone else because playing at night takes up your whole day as you prepare and try and rest.

Welcome back Patty

I just read the Spurs tweet about Patty Mills returning which is great news.

I'll definitely tune in and see how he goes. I'm pretty familiar with what he's gone through over the last six months.

https://images.performgroup.com/di/library/sportal_com_au/9a/0/mills-590_53i7i9h44l7r1vqgkru4cq8u4.jpg?t=-1804494302&w=500&quality=80

It's very frustrating because people are saying that the team aren't playing as well as they can and he is sitting there eager to get out there.

I wish him the best of luck and hope he can ease into it before playing the way we all know he can.                           0236334-f331c5a52555b7aedd0849eccc39b7d1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002620 00000000000 015247  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Image copyright AP Image caption The gang's alleged hitman, Paris Poe

Six senior members of a notorious Chicago gang accused of murder, robbery and drug dealing have been convicted by a US federal jury.

The leader of the Hobos, Gregory "Bowlegs" Chester and alleged hitman Paris Poe were among those found guilty of racketeering conspiracy.

Prosecutors alleged the conspiracy involved nine murders in a decade punctuated by ruthless violence.

The verdict comes amid continuing concern at Chicago's murder rate.

Officials say 762 people were killed in Chicago last year, far more than any other US city, with much of the violence attributed to gangs.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Life and death on the lost streets of Chicago

Among the most vicious killings was that of government informant Keith Daniels, who was shot dead in front of his step-children and fiancee three years ago.

The court heard how Poe, wearing a mask and dress in black, shot Daniels more than dozen times outside his apartment.

Poe was also alleged to have robbed NBA player Bobby Simmons at gunpoint outside a nightclub, making off with a $200,000 (£162,000) diamond and gold necklace.

Prosecutors described how the gang gloried in extreme violence on Chicago's South Side, including the use of a hot iron to torture robbery victims.

All six will be sentenced later this year and face possible life sentences.                                                                                                                0236157-55ae018de28a21904f394690937e5fd4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014146 00000000000 014715  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Newcomb’s Problem, for those of you with social lives, is this. A superintelligent “Predictor” puts two opaque boxes on a table. The first contains either $1,000,000 or nothing, while the second contains $1,000. You have a choice: you can either open the first box or both boxes. Either way, you get to keep whatever you find.

But (duhhh…) there’s a catch: the Predictor has already predicted what you’ll do. If he predicted you’ll open both boxes, then he left the first box empty; if he predicted you’ll open the first box only, then he put $1,000,000 in the first box. Furthermore, the Predictor has played this game hundreds of times before, with you and other people, and has never once been wrong.

So what do you do? As Robert Nozick wrote, in a famous 1969 paper:

“To almost everyone, it is perfectly clear and obvious what should be done. The difficulty is that these people seem to divide almost evenly on the problem, with large numbers thinking that the opposing half is just being silly.”

Actually, people confronted with Newcomb’s Problem tend to split into three camps: the one-boxers, the two-boxers, and the Wittgensteins.

The one-boxers figure they might as well trust the Predictor: after all, he’s never been wrong. According to the prediction, if you open the first box you’ll get $1,000,000, while if you open both you’ll only get $1,000. So it’s a no-brainer: you should open only the first box.

“But that’s stupid!” say the two-boxers. “By the time you’re making the choice, the $1,000,000 is either in the first box or it isn’t. Your choice can’t possibly change the past. And whatever you’d get by opening the first box, you’ll get $1,000 more by opening both. So obviously you should open both boxes.”

(Incidentally, don’t imagine you can wiggle out of this by basing your decision on a coin flip! For suppose the Predictor predicts you’ll open only the first box with probability p. Then he’ll put the $1,000,000 in that box with the same probability p. So your expected payoff is 1,000,000p2 + 1,001,000p(1-p) + 1,000(1-p)2 = 1,000,000p + 1,000(1-p), and you’re stuck with the same paradox as before.)

The Wittgensteins take a third, boring way out. “The whole setup is contradictory!” they say. “It’s like asking what happens if an irresistable force hits an immovable object. If the ‘Predictor’ actually existed, then you wouldn’t have free will, so you wouldn’t be making a choice to begin with. Your very choice implies that the Predictor can’t exist.”

I myself once belonged to the Wittgenstein camp. Recently, however, I came up with a new solution to Newcomb’s Problem — one that I don’t think has ever been discussed in the literature. (Please correct me if I’m wrong.) As I see it, my solution lets me be an intellectually-fulfilled one-boxer: someone who can pocket the $1,000,000, yet still believe the future doesn’t affect the past. I was going to write up my solution for a philosophy journal, but what fun is that? Instead, I hereby offer it for the enlightenment and edification of Shtetl-Optimized readers.

We’ll start with a definition:

“You” are anything that suffices to predict your future behavior.

I know this definition seems circular, but it has an important consequence: that if some external entity could predict your future behavior as well as you could, then we’d have to regard that entity as “instantiating” another copy of you. In other words, just as a perfect simulation of multiplication is multiplication, I’m asserting that a perfect simulation of you is you.

Now imagine you’re standing in front of the boxes, agonizing over what to do. As the minutes pass, your mind wanders:

I wonder what the Predictor thinks I’ll decide? “Predictor”! What a pompous asshole. Thinks he knows me better than I do. He’s like that idiot counselor at Camp Kirkville — what was his name again? Andrew. I can still hear his patronizing voice: “You may not believe me now, but someday you’ll realize you were wrong to hide those candy bars under the bed. And I don’t care if you hate the cafeteria food! What about the other kids, who don’t have candy bars? Didn’t you ever think of them?” Well, you know what, Predictor? Let’s see how well you can track my thoughts. Opening only one box would be rather odd, wouldn’t you say? Camp Kirkville, Andrew, candy bar – that’s 27 letters in total. An odd number. So then that settles it: one box.

What’s my point? That reliably predicting whether you’ll take one or both boxes is “you-complete,” in the sense that anyone who can do it should be able to predict anything else about you as well. So by definition, the Predictor must be running a simulation of you so detailed that it’s literally a copy of you. But in that case, how can you possibly know whether you’re the “real” you, or a simulated version running inside the Predictor’s mind?

“But that’s silly!” you interject. “Here, I’ll prove I’m the ‘real’ me by pinching myself!” But of course, your simulated doppelganger says and does exactly the same thing. Let’s face it: the two of you are like IP and PSPACE, water and H 2 O, Mark Twain and Samuel Clemens.

If you accept that, then the optimal strategy is clear: open the first box only. Sure, you could make an extra $1,000 by opening both boxes if you didn’t lead a double life inside the Predictor’s head, but you do. That, and not “backwards-in-time causation,” is what explains how your decision can affect whether or not there’s $1,000,000 in the first box.

An important point about my solution is that it completely sidesteps the “mystery” of free will and determinism, in much the same way that an NP-completeness proof sidesteps the mystery of P versus NP. What I mean is that, while it is mysterious how your “free will” could influence the output of the Predictor’s simulation, it doesn’t seem more mysterious than how your free will could influence the output of your own brain! It’s six of one, half a dozen of the other. Or at least, that’s what the neural firings in my own brain have inexorably led me to believe.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0236367-4b001f6baa8e69729d232c5bfa0583d9.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003441 00000000000 015115  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Image copyright EPA Image caption The UAE is thought to have sent several thousand troops to Yemen to battle Houthi rebels

Forty-five soldiers from the United Arab Emirates have been killed in Yemen while fighting Houthi rebels as part of a Saudi-led coalition, the UAE says.

Foreign Minister Anwar Gargash said they had died when a rebel missile struck an ammunition depot.

On his official Twitter feed, he said the "cowardly attack will not deter us".

Separately, Bahrain said five of its soldiers were killed while protecting Saudi Arabia's frontier with Yemen.

It did not say how the troops had died, but some reports say they were killed in the same explosion.

The UN says some 4,500 people - including at least 2,110 civilians - have been killed in fighting on the ground and by coalition air strikes since late March.

The UAE is thought to have sent several thousand troops to Yemen in an effort to restore the country's exiled President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi.

They helped southern militiamen opposed to the Houthis retake the southern port city of Aden in July and have since advanced northwards.

Image copyright AFP Image caption Leading tribes in Yemen's Marib province are backing the Saudi-led coalition military campaign

Why is there fighting in Yemen?

Northern Shia Muslim rebels known as Houthis, backed by forces loyal to Yemen's ex-president, took over parts of Yemen, including the capital, Sanaa, and forced the government into exile in March

The rebels accused the government of corruption and of planning to marginalise their heartland within a proposed federal system

Forces loyal to the government and southern militias are fighting back, aided by air strikes led by neighbouring Saudi Arabia

Yemen's humanitarian catastrophe

Who is fighting whom?

Meeting the Houthis and their enemies                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0236425-5f48a66da4c4b660e9eeb6acb6fc6ab6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003163 00000000000 015501  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Donald Trump speaking at his inauguration (Screenshot)

Pres. Donald Trump took to Twitter on Sunday afternoon to lash out at the Washington federal judge who blocked his executive order banning travelers from certain Muslim-majority nations from entering the country.

“Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!” the president tweeted.

Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 5, 2017

He followed up by saying, “I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!”





I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 5, 2017

Trump’s Muslim ban was chaotically implemented and ultimately unconstitutional, say critics. In spite of an injunction by Washington federal Judge James Robart halting the executive order, Trump has vowed to continue to fight for the Muslim ban in court.

Twitter users responded to the president’s Sunday outburst with mockery and alarm.

@realDonaldTrump bad! Bad judge! Bad court house! Trump mad wah *stamps feet — Malick P. (@MalickP2) February 5, 2017

So President Trump has been more critical of a federal judge who is trying to honor the constitution, than he has been of Putin. Wow. — Matthew Dowd (@matthewjdowd) February 5, 2017                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0236295-44b1d040085f85b836ca40975e9af27d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003077 00000000000 014771  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Story highlights He said 'if it was a guy from South Texas' opposing GOP efforts, he would challenge him to a duel

'I might ask him to step outside and settle this Aaron Burr-style'

Washington (CNN) Rep. Blake Farenthold of Texas said in a radio interview Friday he might "settle this Aaron Burr-style" -- an apparent reference to the 1804 duel when Burr killed Alexander Hamilton -- if GOP holdouts on the Senate health care efforts were men from his home state of Texas rather than women.

"Listen, the fact that the Senate does not have the courage to do some of the things that every Republican in the Senate promised to do is just absolutely repugnant to me," he told Texas radio host Bob Jones on "Keys 1440 AM." "Some of the people that are opposed to this -- there are some female senators from the Northeast -- if it was a guy from South Texas, I might ask him to step outside and settle this Aaron Burr-style."

Republican Sens. Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia, Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska said last week that they would oppose Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act without a replacement.

Farenthold said in a statement Monday night that his comment was "clearly tongue-in-cheek."

"Like the President, I am sick and tired of the left-wing biased media trying to make something out of nothing. This was clearly tongue in cheek," the statement read. "That being said, I'm extremely frustrated with Senate Republicans who are breaking their promise to the American people to repeal and replace Obamacare."

Read More                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0236368-a62c3ca0fc52682af9ec3344526478b9.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016761 00000000000 015055  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Frank Hilliard by

Darwin, The Descent of Man (1871)

T

here are two views of human development: those of the Darwinians and those of the Progressives. We in the Alternative Right belong to the Darwinians because we believe in science, the scientific method and in the value of observation and analysis. The Progressives, on the other hand, are repelled by their observations of the human condition and attempt to replace science with a belief system they can manipulate. Progressives are Utopianists; while we on the Alt Right are Realists. Before I go on, I should explain the Alternative Right is an alternative to the conservative movement which, we believe, has been taken over by neoconservatives who believe in free trade, mass immigration, nation building and individual rights above ethnic rights.We believe the neoconservative worldview is a recipe for disaster; indeed, for the disaster that has already overcome the world with violence from the Middle East in Europe, America, Canada and Australia; with the loss of good middle class jobs, with attacks on our heritage and ancestry and with issues of crime and culture shock associated with mass immigration from the Third World. We believe, in short, that neoconservatism has accepted Progressive globalist goals and attempted to dress them up in conservative clothes.This is easily proven. Communism, the product of Marxism, sought to expand over the whole world and to impose a top-down governing structure run by socialist elites. Neoconservatism seeks to establish a New World Order of international free trade, complete with open borders for Western nations for corporations to hire cheap Third World workers, controlled by a small coterie of international elites. In reality, it's the same totalitarianism in a different colour.The Alt Right, on the other hand, believes in democratic bottom-up government, the nation state based on an ethnic model, a capitalist national economy, very little immigration, the family as the basic social unit and a national birthrate of, at least, 2.1 children per family. These are all conservative policies, or rather what were classical liberal policies at the time of Adam Smith. They are now extremely out of favour in the West.Why we believe in these policies is very interesting. It's because, as Darwinians, we think the nation should exist as a gene pool, since we come from a European background, a European gene pool. We think the same argument should apply to other ethnic and racial groups. Thus, we support the Kurds in their demand for a country of their own. We support Israel as a land for the Jews. Japan as a land for the Japanese. Congo for the Congolese, and so on. Each race/ethnic group is like an extended family for the people in it and this large extended family should have a home of its own. Again, this used to be standard fare for Classical liberals, but again it has fallen into disfavour.It's fallen into disfavour because utopianism is a very appealing concept and has won many converts. It was the driving force behind Christian evangelism, international Communism and the United Nations. It appeals to some of the best human instincts (helping others); BUT it also appeals to some of the worst (something for nothing, negation of human nature and the manipulative creation of a "new man" ). In this latter form, it has become useful to those who are attempting to leverage it to achieve power, such as cultural Marxists, environmental activists and left liberals of all stripes.Let me present a very simple concept at the heart of the Alt Right movement. If people in a group are genetically similar they will develop a pattern of habits and procedures which they're comfortable with. This is their culture. Any laws they happen to agree on are designed to catch the exceptions, that is, those individuals who deviate from the accepted norms. In other words, the law is for exceptions to the culture, not a method of enforcing a new culture. Because most people in the group agree on most things, there is a maximum amount of personal freedom.If, to take the reverse of this argument, you have a group of people who are genetically different, each sub-unit will differ in its culture from the others. These cultures will eventually clash because their laws are based on their cultures and their cultures are based on their biology. To put these different races and cultures in the same political basket is to ask for trouble. In every case where it has been tried, it's failed. There are numerous examples: India, Ireland, Iraq, Syria, the Soviet Union, Yugoslavia, Czechoslovakia, the United States (White and Black America), Canada (our Native problem, the Quebec nation) and, my favourite, the Austro-Hungarian Empire. This latter was an empire based, like Canada's constitution, on multiculturalism and bi-culturalism. Its spectacular failure led to WWI.The Alt Right believes that the maximum amount of personal freedom, the best form of national economy and most harmonious society can only exist within the boundaries of an ethnically-based nation state. If we seem anxious and upset at current events in the world it is because we see them as a disaster unfolding over which we have no control and about which we are very well informed.All of which means nothing to most people because if they express an interest in the Alt Right they're afraid they'll be accused of racism. This is a real tar baby in modern discussions on race, even for physical anthropologists who have shied away from making comments on the subject because of the influence of Columbia University physical anthropologist Franz Boas (1858-1942). Boas, whose grandparents were observant Jews, turned the discipline from the study of biology into the study of culture, claiming humans could be changed by social and environmental factors and downplaying the role of genetic inheritance.However, as I've just shown, culture is downstream from biology just as law is downstream from culture. To claim otherwise is to confuse cause and effect. Indeed much of the failure of modern day social programs can be laid at the feet of Boas' followers, from the Great Society, to school busing programs to demolished public housing complexes in St. Louis and Chicago . None of these programs worked because none of them dealt with the root cause of the problem.Surely, after 75 years of failure, someone somewhere needs to return anthropology — the study of humans — to studying humans as the animals we are. We need to study humans at least as well as we do dogs, sheep, cattle or horses. We need categories, we need statistics, we need to establish (actually re-establish) the relationship between these categories and their social and cultural by-products.Is it racism to study race? I'll answer that by narrowing the field in question to that of your own family. Is it racist to prefer and enjoy your own family over someone else's? Is it racist to love your wife, cherish your children, defend your parents? Some leftist thinkers believe it is. Indeed, Cultural Marxists believe the family unit itself should be abolished.In this semantic and social fight, which side are you on? Are you with those who want to atomize society, remove inheritance, make babies in factories to specifications approved by a ruling elite? That's what anti-racists are calling for, working for, demanding for us all. Consider what their ultimate goal is: a world of individuals stripped of any biological relationship, the race-mixing of all Western cultures, and thus the decimation of Europeans as a distinctive race. This is the truly horrifying end game of anti-racism.               0236435-88ea0052b2d8cbb7a24740e85a4509ac.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002670 00000000000 015104  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Some blocks of Tacoma Street are lined with nothing but abandoned houses, old tires and heaps of garbage. Street lights, road signs and long-dead trees are strewn across unkempt lawns and empty lots .

On Tuesday night, four young people were shot to death execution-style at a house on the 15000 block of Tacoma, near Gratiot on the northeast side.

The motive behind the killings remains unclear. The victims – one woman, three men in their early 20s – were found about 9:15 p.m.

I was in this neighborhood in October, when a man in a red pickup truck chased me with a gun while I was taking photos of abandonment from my car. It wasn’t surprising to hear about the murders.

In this area near East State Fair and Gratiot, most of the homes are vacant and collapsing, the streets increasingly dangerous.

“There’s nothing left; it’s like a bomb went off,” Wendy Johnson lamented from her nearby home in October. “We look out for each other out here. No one else is.”

Areas like this are scattered across Detroit. They’re virtually lawless and without services.

“They forget about us out here,” Ruth Lofton said. “It’s the wild west all over again. I’m scared every night.”

When I scoured these streets, talking to neighbors, they said the same thing: They are stuck in homes they cannot sell. The streets are dark and lawless. Drugs and arsons are rampant.

“What do we do?” Johnson asked. “We stuck in this hellhole.”                                                                        0236350-1ed6695532856b00acb7e562448aab3a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004710 00000000000 015021  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.

Prominent national religious figure Rabbi Moti Elon, who was convicted in August of two counts of indecent assault by force against a minor, was set to be sentenced at the Jerusalem Magistrate's Court on Wednesday morning.



Nearly four years after the first suspicions of sexual misconduct toward his students were made public, the court will decide if Elon will face a prison sentence for his crimes as the state attorney has requested, or a lighter sentence.

At a hearing to determine Elon's sentence in October, the prosecutor asked for a sentence of eight to 18 months in prison.The rabbi’s defense team has asked that he be given community service instead of a jail term.According to the conviction in August, during a private meeting in 2005 with a 17-year-old boy, known as “Alef,” Elon stroked his face and different parts of his body on top of his clothes; sat the boy on his lap; and kissed him on the face for a prolonged period.In a separate incident Elon met Alef in HaKotel Yeshiva where the rabbi served as yeshiva dean. He took him to his office, closed the door and sat down next to the youth on a couch. He then brought Alef towards him, sat him on his knees and, while clothed, rubbed his genitals against Alef’s body.Charges regarding a second complainant were dropped in February when the victim refused to testify in court.Elon vigorously denied the allegations and his supporters have argued that he was accustomed to giving warm hugs to many of his students.They claim that the incidents for which he was convicted were misinterpreted.Elon had been one of the predominant figures in the national religious world before allegations of misconduct arose and was dean of the renowned HaKotel Yeshiva. His Torah lessons were broadcast on national radio, he had a television slot and enjoyed a large and devoted public following.

Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>



                                                        0236422-5d9b1dc0433ab9de6d4ff8fa1c4296d6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002441 00000000000 015335  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Jeremy Todd Addaway, a self-styled reporter for “Redneck News,” tried and failed to find evidence that the legalization of same-sex marriage in Alabama had caused any damage to the state, Talking Points Memo reports.

“I read on the news today some information, that homosexuals will be getting married in Alabama today, so I wanted to give you a live report from Blount County,” he began.

Addaway then scoured his backyard for evidence of “homosexuals doin’ homosexual things” in the wake of the Supreme Court’s decision to allow state employees to officiate same-sex unions.

“This pile of brush is still here, and there are no homosexuals layin’ on top of it, doin’ homosexual things,” Addaway said.

“None in the shed either, but we need to check into this further,” he continued, delving ever deeper into his backyard.

“We’re back here by a pile of junk — and it’s still here — and there’s no homosexuals doin’ homosexual things here either, so it looks like we’re pretty safe here in Blount County, don’t think we’re gonna be subject to plagues of homosexuals fallin’ from the sky.”





“That’s the report here from Blount County,” he concluded. “Everything is pretty much still the same.”

Watch Addaway’s entire report below via Facebook.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0236439-2a2dbb4582f094c0b5189b5f2e12dbae.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002754 00000000000 015247  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Israeli intelligence service Mossad has been accused of assassinating a Palestinian man living in Sweden, according to Israeli daily Haaretz.

Mohammad Tahsin Al-Bazam, a former Gaza resident, was found shot in the head in the Swedish town of Limmared on Saturday. His family is believed to have ties to Hamas, prompting Palestinian sources to suspect Israeli involvement in his death.

A statement released on Sunday by the Swedish police confirmed that as yet they could not ascertain a motive for the intrusion.

“Reports said several people wearing masks entered the apartment through a balcony and shot the man inside. They disappeared after the shooting as quickly as they arrived.”

Read: Israel rearrests Sheikh Raed Salah

After the shooting Al-Bazam was taken to a local hospital, and then flown to a larger facility in Gothenburg, but died of his injuries.

Al-Bazam’s brother served in Hamas’ military wing and as a bodyguard to the group’s Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh. His father is currently the spokesman for Hamas’ Homeland Security Office in Gaza, but stated in an interview that his son had been living in Sweden for over a decade and was not involved in political activity.

Hamas believes Mossad to be responsible for the deaths of numerous of its members over the years, including the assassination of a senior member, Mazen Fuqaha in March. Israel has never confirmed or denied reports but states that it reserves the right to fight alleged terrorists even beyond its borders.                    0236453-f71200c50de59f2eb4c202cd522b063d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004304 00000000000 015062  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Reading Greek is still ok, what’s the deal about speaking Persian ?.

Before we plunge into that, we need a brief intro on Persian.

Persian is a medieval language that had its beginnings in Avestan.

Just like Hindustani (i.e. Urdu and Hindi) is a modern/medieval language that had its beginnings in Sanskrit.

Now, Sanskrit and Avestan are sister languages. Practically, they are very similar languages. A knower of Sanskrit would take few hours to learn all Avestan and same holds true for Avestan knowers. Sadly, Avestan is dead beyond repair and is carried by Parsees living in Gujarat and freaks like me.

Poor Infographic

Let me list out some Persian words in Hindustani.

Hafta — the week, is called Saptah in Hindi.

Mahina — the month, is called Maas in Hindi.

Darwaza — the door, is called Dvar in Hindi.

Ab — water, is called Apas in Sanskrit. Ab gives us words like Punjab.

Pankh — feather is called Paksha in Sanskrit and Par in Hindi.

Roz — the day, is called Din in Hindi.

Zari — the golden thread, is known as Svarn in Sanskrit.

Zameen — the earth, is known as Go in Sanskrit.

The list is ridiculously long, SO.. we jump on to some Persian nouns. Nouns that we get to see in both Parsee and Muslim communities.

Jamshed — originally Yima Kshaeta, is the epithet of the first king, Yima. The very same king is known as Yama, the god of dead, in Sanskrit. Wow !

Khushrow — originally Hosravah, the priest king. In Sanskrit, he is known as the priest-king Susravas.

Boman — originally Vohu Mana is called Vasu Manas in Sanskrit. Vasu means Good, Manas is mind.

Khursheed — orginally Hvar Kshaeta is the epithet of Sun god. He is known as Svar in Sanskrit. Giving us the modern word, Surya.

Bahram — originally Verethragna, is the epithet of God Indra. He is known as Vritraghna in Sanskrit.

Cyrus — originally Kurush, is the name of the legendary Persian King. He is known as Kuru in Sanskrit.

Darius — originally Dara is the name of Cyrus’s son.

Zerrin — golden, comes from word Zar which means gold in Persian.

You have been speaking Persian words all this while. In fact, almost 50% of your Hindi vocabulary comes from it. I will leave further assessment to your exploration.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0236357-565941b89bd8b6e5d4cb3ecd01b60171.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017376 00000000000 015131  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As the dust begins to settle on Google’s latest and least-tentative step towards an overarching social infrastructure, it’s becoming overwhelmingly apparent that Google+ is a Good Thing. At its most basic, Google+ is an alternative in a space that is fast becoming a one-party state. With 750 million users, exponential activity growth, the most-proliferated “Like” button, and one of the most popular federated login system in the world (Facebook Connect), it’s fair to say that Facebook’s grip on the web is monopolistic — and Google+ offers us a viable and safe alternative.

With Google+ in the open, and with tech pundits lathering Circles and Hangouts with the highest of honorifics, Facebook finally needs to watch its step — and its back. Except for Microsoft, which already owns a share in Facebook, Google is the only web property which can even begin to threaten Facebook’s supremacy. Facebook has had a far from faultless infancy, but because of its complete dominion of the web, the repercussions from its numerous faux pas have been almost nonexistent. That’s the problem with monopolies, and the reason they’re illegal: if you have nowhere to go — if there isn’t an alternative service that you can switch to — the monopoly can simply milk you and stretch you without recourse. But now there’s Google+. With Big G hulking menacingly in Facebook’s shadow and just waiting for a misstep or mistake, Facebook needs to be careful. Mess up now, Zuckerberg, and Google will gladly gobble up droves of discontented denizens.

The problem with this rationale, however rosy it may seem, is that you’re simply moving from one internet juggernaut to another. You’re taking your chips from Facebook and investing them in Google+. This might be a satisfactory solution in the short term, but do you have any rational reason to believe that it’s better in the long term? Is Google a nicer company than Facebook? Google’s record with privacy-related issues (Buzz, Street View, Wi-Fi snooping) is just as bad as Facebook’s, if not worse, and it remains under investigation by governments around the world. Google+ certainly shows that Google has learnt from its mistakes — but just remember that Google makes its money by selling you; by knowing where you live, what videos you like watching, and your entire search and surfing history, Google sells targeted advertising to the tune of tens of billions of dollars per year. Selling you is 96% of Google’s revenue stream.

Six of one…

By moving to Google+, you are simply switching pimps from Facebook to Google — and when you stop to think about it, that might not be a very good idea. Let me show you a sad story from last week, where Google made 10-year-old Alex cry by banning him from Gmail. In short, Alex got invited to Google+ — and to join Google+ you must create a Google Profile. Unfortunately (or fortunately?) Alex gave his real age — and voila, the next time he tried to log into Gmail, his account had been blocked for breaking Google’s terms of service. Google, by law, and just like almost every website in the US, cannot easily offer its services to people under the age of 13.

Now, this isn’t necessarily wrong of Google — it’s just following the law, after all — but it perfectly illustrates a far larger and more pressing issue: Alex lost his Gmail account, his contacts list, and every email he’s ever sent or received, because he updated his Google Profile. These are two services that are only tenuously linked by the Google Taskbar, yet inexorably linked by the Google umbrella. Your entire Google account — the name and password that logs you into as disparate services as YouTube, Docs, Picasa, and Google+ — is governed by a master terms of service, and by additional terms defined by each individual service. If you break the master ToS on YouTube, you can lose access to Picasa; if you do something silly in Google+, you can lose access to your Docs.

Half dozen of the other…

Hopefully you’re beginning to see the problem of putting all of your eggs in the Google basket. It gets worse though, I’m afraid: the Google+ user content and conduct policy is dangerously restrictive. First of all, it leads with an incredibly vague policy about illegal activities: “Do not use our products to engage in illegal activities or promote dangerous and illegal acts.” What does Google consider illegal? Are links to The Pirate Bay illegal — or just direct links to torrents? What if I have friends that live in an embargoed country, and I link to a piece of software that US law prohibits them from downloading? Which government’s definition of “illegal” are we using, anyway?

It goes on: if you post any nudity or sexually explicit content on Google+, or even set your profile picture to a “close-up of a person’s buttocks”, your Google account can be suspended. Furthermore, as Violet Blue (NSFW) points out, Google+ uses Picasa for its photo albums — and Picasa has a zero tolerance policy for nudity and borderline content. In other words, you might want to think twice before posting photos of your salacious barroom and clubbing antics on Google+. Unlike Flickr, which allows nudity but requires you to label your uploads as “mature” to prevent accidental viewing, Google+ and Picasa lack any kind of user-administered controls — you either keep your content clean, or host your images elsewhere.

Like the 13-year-old thing, this is still fairly sensible stuff from Google — but how long will it be until some unfortunate Facebook convert trips over the barbed wire and posts a drunken photo of his mooning buttocks? Or perhaps a link to an art exhibition featuring a nude sculpture or painting? He will swiftly find himself without access to his email, documents, videos, blogs, and more. Google is notoriously bad at handling terms of service violations, too — there’s no telephone number that you can call to contest your suspension, and email support usually takes days, usually resulting in a succinct but useless boilerplate response.

All of your eggs in one basket

Now, think about it: do you really want to get all of your Google services mixed up with your social network? There’s the inherent privacy concerns, of course — and a successful social network is the only thing missing from Google’s targeted advertising crown — but ultimately, it’s a matter of whether you want to bequeath your entire internet experience to Google. If you think that Facebook has a monopoly in the social scene, just imagine for a second what your life on the web would be like if you switched to Google+: You would open your browser — Chrome — and search using Google. You would share content and keep up with friends using Google+ Circles and +1. You would consume and create content on YouTube and Picasa and Blogger. You would talk to your friends with Voice and Google+ Hangouts. You would plan your trips using Maps and Earth and Docs — and of course, Gmail would be there, underpinning it all. Every single step of the way you will be followed by tracking cookies and behavior monitors and targeted advertising.

Effectively, it will be AOL 3.0 all over again. You might be using a normal web browser this time, and it might look like you’re free to roam across the beautiful, bountiful expanses of the internet, but ultimately you’ll be playing in Google’s walled garden. You can step outside for brief periods, of course — Google doesn’t know everything, at least not yet — but never without Google’s knowledge, and never beyond the tenacious, tentacular reaches of Big G’s tracking cookies.

Before you jump ship to Google+, remember this: Facebook might not be perfect, but at least you can sign out. Do you really want to log in and then spend an eternity in the World Wide Google Web?

[Image credit: Mrs Logic]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236460-4ee6e9d34ed264fff2a4277c7a542ee0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000025131 00000000000 015264  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        "What the military will say to a reporter and what is said behind closed doors are two very different things -- especially when it comes to the U.S. military in Africa." So writes investigative reporter Nick Turse in his latest book, Tomorrow's Battlefield: U.S. Proxy Wars and Secret Ops in Africa.

Adapted from a series of articles written for TomDispatch.com from 2012 to late 2014, Tomorrow's Battlefield methodically follows Turse's exploration of the U.S. military's Africa Command, or AFRICOM, a reporting mission that Turse says was continually re-inspired by his subjects' lack of cooperation. "Basically, it was AFRICOM that made me do it. They were really responsible for this book," he told HuffPost in a recent interview.

From the outset of his reporting, Turse faced continual resistance and was refused even the most basic information or access in response to his questions. When asked for a simple tally of U.S. installations, military spokespersons repeatedly emphasized to Turse that the command maintains only one permanent "base," Camp Lemonnier in Djibouti, contradicting documentary evidence of activity and infrastructure on a much larger and rapidly growing scale.

Turse's investigations eventually showed that the U.S. military has been involved in one way or another -- "construction, military exercises, advisory assignments, security cooperation, or training missions" -- with more than 90 percent of Africa's 54 nations. He writes, "While AFRICOM... maintains that the United States has only a 'small footprint' on the continent, following those small footprints across the continent can be a breathtaking task."

Beyond raising the alarm over the growing scale of operations, Turse's book explains how American actions have almost unfailingly resulted in disastrous unforeseen consequences, a pattern that has done little to deter the U.S. military's expansionist zeal. In this conversation, Turse outlines some of those consequences, how the military's efforts to block and undermine his reporting shaped Tomorrow's Battlefied and whether the lessons of recent history or competition with China have any chance of altering the United States' military-first approach to Africa.

___________

What first drew you to the American military presence in Africa and at what point did you realize that you were on to something significant?

A few years back I asked a few of their public affairs people to answer a few simple questions about what the U.S. military was up to on the continent, the basics of the scale and scope of their involvement. I had started seeing indications of increased U.S. operations. Specifically, I saw the building of a sophisticated logistics network and I know that you don't build a land and sea logistics network to carry supplies all throughout the continent unless you're planning on sending personnel all over the continent. But when I asked, all they talked about was how little they were doing and how light their footprint was. If they'd told me something that sounded roughly like what I was learning through obscure Pentagon documents and DOD publications, I probably would have shrugged and moved on after writing one article.

In your experience, was that level of resistance standard operating procedure for the military, or was there something about your interactions with AFRICOM that stood out above and beyond the normal?

I'm used to the U.S. military trying to freeze me out, but what pushed me over the edge was that after that first article I wrote, the AFRICOM colonel wrote a full rebuttal to my article, and that to me was very telling and out of the ordinary. They didn't just send this to me, they also sent it to The Nation Institute which is our funder, so I took this as a real attempt to undermine my credibility and to get who they assumed were my bosses to get me to back off. That really was what signaled to me that there's an even bigger story than I thought here.

The second article in the book is called "Blowback Central," talk a little about what you mean by that terminology.

Well you know the term blowback is an old term of CIA tradecraft, and historically it referred to when the U.S. would carry out covert operations somewhere in the world and eventually the fruits of these operations would "blow back" on the U.S. and there would be repercussions but American citizens wouldn't recognize it as such because they wouldn't have known what was done in their name with their tax dollars under the radar. When I look at U.S. operations in Africa, I see the same sorts of things going on, the same types of blowback. Because Americans don't pay a lot of attention to what goes on in Africa and because of the way news stories are constructed they often don't provide the context to give you a clue as to exactly how these things work out over a period of months or years.

You know just after 9/11, when the U.S. military looked at Africa, they didn't see much in the way of transnational terror groups. Now, after more than a decade, hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars and many thousands of training missions later, the continent is awash in terror groups, just the opposite thing that they wanted, and this is the type of thing that I'm talking about, this is the blowback we're seeing.

Is there an archetypal example of this sort of thing in Africa?

I think a good example of this in Africa is the U.S. intervention in Libya where we joined a coalition to overthrow Gaddafi. Now I don't think there are a lot of Gaddafi defenders out there, we know that he was in many ways a disaster for his people, but what's resulted in Libya has been catastrophic and it wasn't just Libya that was affected. When Gaddafi fell, these nomadic Tuareg fighters who were shock troops for him loaded his weapons stores and traveled back to their home territory of Mali and began to destabilize that country. Because of that, a U.S.-trained officer in Mali -- the U.S. had pumped tens if not hundreds of millions of dollars into Mali to make it a regional bulwark against terrorism -- overthrew the government there because he felt like he could fight the Tuaregs better. It turned out he wasn't up to the task and then Islamic militants pushed the Tuaregs and his junta back to the point that the U.S. had to back a French and African force to go into Mali to arrest that. They were able to save Mali from falling to the Islamists, but now it's a low-level insurgency and those Tuaregs, the weapons that were taken from Gaddafi, have now spread across the continent. There are fighters from Boko Haram, from several Islamist groups, that got those weapons and have trafficked them to neighboring countries. The Libyan intervention has now destabilized the whole Northwest corner of Africa. This is the type of thing that we see again and again with U.S. military missions in Africa.

Do you think this is largely a case of repeating the mistakes we've made in the Middle East -- not understanding the complexity of these situations before we get involved?

Yeah, I think that's exactly right. There's just not a deep knowledge of who the players are often and what their aims are. And of course the U.S. military, they have one tool in their toolkit which is the hammer. So this is what they bring to bear wherever they see a problem and often it just has the effect of creating even more chaos in the name of fighting terror or creating stability.

Is this inability to reckon with the reality on the ground and the mistakes that we've made just being unwilling to admit defeat or is there something more ideological driving it?

Well it's often difficult to figure this out, you know the Bush administration, they at least had a clear vision. No matter what you thought of it, they had a vision of how they wanted to see the world and, in many cases I think, the way they wanted to run the world. The Obama administration has basically been in a reaction mode for almost the entirety of the administration, they seem to be buffeted by one crisis after another and try to react to it, often in tragic and misguided ways.

Your most recent article from South Sudan covers another case where our actual role in the situation on the ground is pretty obviously and radically different from what's portrayed by government officials in the media.

In this particular article, I talk about the waivers that the Obama administration put in year after year to allow South Sudan to use child soldiers. The idea behind this was that they could keep pumping money into the South Sudanese military to build a strong regional partner, professionalize the military, they were supposed to make it an ethical military, but it was just another crash and burn effort. Instead of getting the military they wanted for South Sudan, they got one that in December 2013 broke down and split across ethnic lines. The force that's still loyal to the government carried out mass atrocities and also began increased recruitment of child soldiers. So everything that the U.S. tried for there was a complete and abject failure.

In one chapter you contrast our military strategy with China's approach on the continent. How do you see that contrast and our competition with China progressing in the long run in Africa?

If you do any kind of travel in Africa, you see that Chinese influence is huge and it's been growing in the last decade at an exponential rate. There are Chinese construction projects everywhere and you can see a real contrast. The U.S. has really pumped its aid money into these various anti-terror efforts and tried to play Whac-A-Mole all across the continent, chasing down terror groups while China has gone the economic route and made inroads all over the continent. Now I wouldn't say that the Chinese approach has been uniformly good for African countries, they have these no-strings-attached policies where labor rights and environmental rights are cast by the wayside and it's strictly dollars and cents, but what they do is provide roads and airports and stadiums, tangible examples of things that African people can see right in front of them. They're pursuing a radically different route than we have, though you know recently it looks like China might be looking to follow our example. They're looking at building a military base in Djibouti where the major U.S. base is, and they found a way under UN auspices to get Chinese troops into South Sudan to protect oil installations, so it's possible that China will run into the same problems, given enough time, but right now the U.S. seems to be sowing more problems for itself as it goes while China reaps economic rewards.

Is there anything on the horizon that could reasonably change the way the U.S. is operating in Africa or is continued expansion of military activity an inevitability?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236120-1e236d73c9da257e60f7e660c1c3d6d2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011764 00000000000 015112  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        UPDATE 9:50 a.m. (7/15): Jennifer Schirg, 46 and a self-identified “Jewish woman, pro-Zionist, a professional and a resident on the Westside of Los Angeles” wrote in an email to the Journal that she witnessed the unfolding of the violence at the rally: “…the reason the Palestinian men got out of their truck in the first place was in direct response to a Pro-Israel supporter running up to their vehicle on Wilshire Blvd. and taking one of their flags from out of their hands, and throwing it on the asphalt repeatedly stomping up and down on it in front of them. I was there standing on the curb and saw what happened first hand and how the scuffle unfolded.”

UPDATE 11:37 a.m. (7/14): According to the Los Angeles Times, the four detained men in connection with the fight at yesteray's rally have been “identified as Mostadafa Gamaleldin Hafez, Hassan Mustapha Kreidieh, Mohammed Said Elkhatib and Fadi Ali Obeidallah. They were booked on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon. They were expected to be released after posting bail Monday morning.”

UPDATE 10:30 a.m. (7/14): The FPS officer is on paid leave while the organization investigates the alleged discharge of his weapon.

Statement from FPS

Statement from LASD

An altercation between pro-Israel and pro-Palestinian protestors took place at a community solidarity rally on Sunday, July 13. Photos by Aliya Slepkov-Dror.

UPDATE 7:00 a.m. (7/14): The four men were arrested on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon, according to NBC4. LA County Sheriffs Department said the weapons were wooden flag poles that the men were holding as they drove through the crowd. Additionally, the shot was allegedly fired not by a DHS officer, as the LAPD initially told the Journal, but by a Federal Protective Service (FPS) officer.

UPDATE 9:30 p.m. (7/13): Four men are handcuffed and being held by the Los Angeles Sheriffs Department in a sheriff's car in a parking lot at the corner of Wilshire Boulevard and Veteran Avenue in Los Angeles.

The pro-Palestinian counter-demonstrators who were involved in an altercation with pro-Israel demonstrators were seen leaving the July 13 demonstration in this silver pickup truck. The federal officer at the rear of the truck, seen here with one hand on the truck and the other on his holster, allegedly fired one round when the truck pulled away heading east on Wilshire Boulevard. Photo by Edmon J. Rodman

Follow @TheSichel and @ryanharrytorok for more details

A peaceful pro-Israel rally in front of the Federal Building in Westwood in West Los Angeles was interrupted late Sunday afternoon when three or four men wielding Palestinian flags arrived carrying long wooden sticks and alledgely attacked the pro-Israel demonstrators. The Los Angeles Police Department reported that more than 1,200 attended the rally.

Witnesses said several of the pro-Israel participants were hit by the sticks, but police would not immediately confirm or comment on whether anyone was wounded. A separate counter protest of about 200 supporting the Palestinians was held across the street.

When police who were already on the scene stepped in to break up the scuffle, the attackers returned to their pickup truck and drove off. As they left, witnesses say, a gun was fired in the direction of the truck by a Department of Homeland Security officer who was at the scene, according to Brian Thomas of the LAPD West Los Angeles Patrol Division.

There were five people riding in the truck, all Arabs living in Anaheim, according to one of them, Hany Rafai, who said he got out of the truck before the police stopped it. Rafai denied that they were hitting the pro-Israel rallyers. Rafai lives in both Jordan and Orange County.



Hany Rafai. He was the fifth man in the truck but escaped before it was pulled over. Photo by Jared Sichel

Barry Poltorak, an off-duty Los Angeles County deputy sheriff who witnessed the incident Sunday afternoon said the perpetrators could be charged with “felony assault.” The perpetrators are believed to have been apprehended according to an officer on the scene.

Poltorak said he had heard over his radio that the police pulled the car over in Westwood, for a “felony traffic stop,” he said.



Four suspects currently being held by LASD on suspicion of assault. Photo by Jared Sichel

Adam Milstein, an Israeli-born philanthropist and board member of the Israel American Council (IAC) said that the rally was one of the largest pro-Israel rallies that LA has had. Speakers included Israel Consul General in Los Angeles David Siegel, Rabbi Marvin Hier, dean and founder of the Simon Wiesenthal Center, Roz Rothstein co-founder and CEO of StandWithUs, Los Angeles City Attorney Mike Feuer and Israeli actress and activist Noa Tishby, among others.

The IAC and StandWithUs were the co-organizers of the event, along with many other local Jewish and pro-Israel organizations.

Jewish Journal staff reporter Jared Sichel contributed to this report.

VIDEO OF THE DISRUPTION AT RALLY (Video credit, Allyson Basch, 20 year old student at Cal State Uni. Northridge):            0236432-1131544a22714e2b02aa7cfde74a32b4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011114 00000000000 014765  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        

Prague- Early Winter

Good Will Hunting style, cause "I had go see about a girl." I arrived in Prague,style, cause "I had go see about a girl."





I’m thinking there aren't going to be a lot of low income students/ tourists around in the sub-zero temperatures, so if I stay in a hostel style dormitory, my powers of deduction lead me to conclude the following advantages.

Ever the optimist, I imagine I’ll end up spending the night at her place very quickly, and paying the ultra-cheap hostel price, I’d avoid the stinging financial loss of purchasing a nice hotel room and not using it. 1)Ever the optimist, I imagine I’ll end up spending the night at her place very quickly, and paying the ultra-cheap hostel price, I’d avoid the stinging financial loss of purchasing a nice hotel room and not using it.

I might pay for just the one dormitory bed, and get the whole room to myself. 2)I might pay for just the one dormitory bed, and get the whole room to myself.

It’s even likely I’ll get the whole room to myself! After all, only an idiot would visit Prague this time of year. 3)It’s even likely I’ll get the whole room to myself! After all, only an idiot would visit Prague this time of year.

Night #1- one other person in the big room. A quiet Danish girl. I’m a genius! There’s no other word for it.

hostel room- image twice as large as actual size



Night #2- I get back to the hostel- LOUD noise coming from every direction. There's a party downstairs, seven drunk Spaniards at 1 AM, their alcohol induced yells so loud emailing my family to tell them I'm "fine" becomes nearly impossible, not in the least because it would now be a lie.

I pray they aren't staying in my dorm room. I go upstairs, backpacks are all over, but I'm the only one there. Fuck.

beep bwoop beep," rather than take it outside like a considerate person, or just anyone looking to avoid death. I climb into bed, just as I'm falling asleep a buzz cut Spaniard walks in remarking, "What a party," then proceeds to spend two minutes drunkenly jiggling his key in his locker, pulls his cell phone out, sits down on his bed, and begins to text; "," rather than take it outside like a considerate person, or just anyone looking to avoid death.

Just as I'm about to say something he puts his phone down. Okay, go to sleep dude.





Careful what you wish for. The moment his head hits his mattress he starts snoring like a chainsaw. It's cartoonishly loud. I pound my fist down into my bunk in frustration.

Moments later, a huge Galoot barges through the door drunk, tripping over his own suitcase, falling onto my lower bunk, using a combination of the mattress and my body to break his fall. Rolling off me he hits the floor with a thud. For a moment I'm actually elated-- the commotion might have woken Chainsaw.

No such luck. Come to think of it, I'm not sure the Big Bang could wake-up Chainsaw, because in all likelihood, no one could hear it over his snoring.

But Galoot is momentarily captivated by the snores, almost admiring the volume and dissonant nature before he breaks out into laughter, stating, "My God he's loud. Do you hear that?"

"Deaf people in Rio De Jainero can hear that," I remark back, shaking my head.

"Sorry about falling on you," he states, as he turns on the light, forcing my head under the covers from the bright glare while he searches for something, then exits the room slamming the door, considerately leaving on the light.





Spaced an ideal twenty minutes apart, just enough time for me to doze off just slightly, the Spaniards file into the room, rousting about, looking for their toothbrushes and what-not in their drunken stupor. I don't know what to say, I signed up for this.

The last person enters the room at 4:20 AM. Twenty minutes later I actually am so tired, Chainsaw becomes white noise in the background, and I drift away into a light sleep.





At that seeming exact moment, a hysterical girl bursts into the room and softly yells, with fear in her voice, "You have to help me!"

OH MY GOD, what could possibly be happening. Is someone after her? A burglar, a rapist? I jump up.

Me: "What’s the matter?!"

Her: "The bedding, it is so old. It's so uncomfortable, you have to help me!"

I take a beat to process what she said, making sure I didn't perhaps mishear her in my sleepless haze. I didn't.

get out." Me: "We get what we pay for don’t we. Now close the door, and."





She does so without a word. It feels like I'm in some horror movie, with the ax murderer scripted to come in next. My forehead falls to the mattress as I await my fate. I sniff the sheets. She's right, this bedding really is old.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0236434-56cbf1012b91a3c345190adbfd214c2c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002515 00000000000 015136  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In 2010, Sony introduced the gaming industry to a relatively brand new concept. This idea was called PlayStation Plus, a service wherein gamers would pay a subscription fee and in return receive free game downloads every month via the Instant Game Collection, along with special discounts.

Since then, PS Plus has become Sony’s Xbox Live Gold equivalent, with a PS Plus subscription required to enjoy online multiplayer for PS4 games. Just as Sony aped Microsoft’s online multiplayer subscription model, Microsoft saw the popularity of the PS Plus service, which at last count neared 8 million subscribers, and decided to issue a similar program for Xbox 360 and Xbox One. With two of gaming’s giants offering similar services, it’s time to examine them both in detail and determine which service is ultimately the better value.

Six months ago, we compared PlayStation Plus to Xbox Live, but now we’re looking specifically at the value of PlayStation Plus’s Instant Game Collection and Xbox Live Gold’s Games with Gold program. Since that time, both services have received significant changes, and a bombshell dropped at E3 2015 may significantly tip the odds in favor of Games with Gold in the future.

_____________________________________________

First Up: Why Subscribe to PlayStation Plus

_____________________________________________                                                                                                                                                                                   0236084-6ff6d96c403806da462965c97b694a68.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004477 00000000000 014744  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Puck Treasures looks to find those hidden hockey treasures from the past and present, and gives them their proper remembrance. Seen an interesting piece of hockey apparel? Send us an email at puckdaddyblog@yahoo.com.

If you're a collector, chances are you might grab a program whenever you attend a meaningful game to commemorate the occasion. Stanley Cup programs are likely one of those items to be found in a collection. For their upcoming fall auction, Heritage Auctions has a very unique Cup program available for bid: the 1926 Final between the Montreal Maroons and Victoria Cougars.

Scroll to continue with content Ad

Aside from it being 86 years old, that program represents the final time a non-NHL team would play for the Cup. The NHL's Maroons would beat the WHL's Cougars three games to one. The WHL would fold after the season with the NHL buying up their players.

From Heritage Auctions:

To put into perspective the scarcity of this auction listing it took us no further than a quick peek at our past auction results database to turn up zero Stanley Cup Finals programs from the 1920's that have sold at major auction. ... Originating from Game 1 of the 1926 series between the Victoria Cougars vs. the Montreal Maroons, the 5.75 x 8.5" program includes all 32 pages, with the front and back covers completely intact. Its only noticeable detractors are a few extremely light pencil marks that were erased from the top of the cover, and the binding glue that has deteriorated over time. Amazingly scarce and significant piece from an important era of professional hockey.

A few things stand out:

• Look at that beautiful Stanley Cup in its infancy.

Story continues

• The price of a 2012 Stanley Cup Final program? You can get one at the NHL online store for $12.99 US. The price in 1926? Ten cents, and likely filled with the same amount of advertising.

• Sadly, Heritage only allows viewers to see the front page of the program, thereby not letting us turn to page 31 to find out what the "Free Seats" offer is all about. Surely you won't find that offer in any NHL game program in this current climate.

Bidding will begin on Oct. 6, with the auction process taking part over a two-day span later that month.

Are there any unique or memorable programs in your hockey memorabilia collection?

Follow Sean Leahy on Twitter at @Sean_Leahy                                                                                                                                                                                                 0236467-0879b18ff1d32493cfd8e07b232f1409.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020510 00000000000 014763  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        by

Photo by Marc Nozell | CC BY 2.0

The election of Donald Trump has sent millions of people pouring out onto the streets to protest a man they think is a racist, misogynist, xenophobic bully who will destroy US democracy in his quest to establish himself as supreme fascist ruler of the country.

Maybe they’re right. Maybe Trump is a fascist who will destroy America. But where were these people when Obama was bombing wedding parties in Kandahar, or training jihadist militants to fight in Syria, or abetting NATO’s destructive onslaught on Libya, or plunging Ukraine into fratricidal warfare, or collecting the phone records of innocent Americans, or deporting hundreds of thousands of undocumented workers, or force-feeding prisoners at Gitmo, or providing bombs and aircraft to the Saudis to continue their genocidal war against Yemen?

Where were they?

They were asleep, weren’t they? Because liberals always sleep when their man is in office, particularly if their man is a smooth-talking cosmopolitan snake-charmer like Obama who croons about personal freedom and democracy while unleashing the most unspeakable violence on civilians across the Middle East and Central Asia.

The United States has been at war for eight straight years under Obama, and during that time, there hasn’t been one sizable antiwar march, demonstration or protest. Nothing. No one seems to care when an articulate bi-racial mandarin kills mostly people of color, but when a brash and outspoken real estate magnate takes over the reigns of power, then ‘watch out’ because here come the protestors, all three million of them!

Can we agree that there is at least the appearance of hypocrisy here?

Indeed. Analyst Jon Reynolds summed it up perfectly over at the Black Agenda Report. He said:

“If Hillary had won, the drone strikes would have continued. The wars would have continued. The spying would continue. Whistleblowers would continue being prosecuted and hunted down. And minorities would continue bearing the brunt of these policies, both in the US and across the world. The difference is that in such a scenario, Democrats, if the last eight years are any indication, would remain silent — as they did under Obama — offering bare minimum concern and vilifying anyone attacking their beloved president as some sort of hater. Cities across the US would remain free of protests, and for another 4-8 years, Democrats would continue doing absolutely nothing to end the same horrifying policies now promoted by a Republican.” (“Delusions Shattered“, Jon Reynolds, The Black Agenda Report)

He’s right, isn’t he? How many of the 800,000 protesters who marched on Sunday would have flown to Washington to express their contempt for would-be President Hillary Clinton?

Zero, I’d wager, and yet it’s Hillary who wanted to implement the no-fly zones in Syria that would have put Washington in direct confrontation with Moscow, just like it was Hillary who wanted to teach Putin a-thing-or-two in Ukraine. But is that what the people want? Would people prefer to be led into World War 3 by a bonefide champion of liberal values than concede the post to a brassy billionaire who wants to find common ground on fighting ISIS with his Russian counterpart?

It seems like a no-brainer to me. And it’s not like we don’t know who is responsible for the killing in Syria either. We do.

Barack Obama and his coterie of bloodthirsty friends in the political establishment are entirely responsible. These are the people who funded, armed and trained the Salafist maniacs that have decimated the country and created millions of refugees that are now tearing apart the EU. That’s right, the spillover from America’s not-so-covert operation is ripping the EU to shreds. It’s just another unfortunate side-effect of Obama’s bloody Syrian debacle. As journalist Margaret Kimberly says in a recent post at The Black Agenda Report: “All of the casualties, the sieges, the hunger and the frantic search for refuge can be placed at America’s feet.”

Amen, to that. All the violence can be traced back to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, home of Barack Hussein Obama, Nobel peace prize winner. What a joke. Here’s how analyst Solomon Comissiong sums it up in another article at the BAR:

“Supporters of Barack Obama, and liberals in general, are disingenuous frauds. They had no issues protesting the likes of the amoral warmongering George W. Bush or the racist xenophobe, Donald J. Trump, however when it comes to Barack Obama they can find no reason to protest his mass murdering escapades. Obama supporters were recently nostalgic and teary eyed after he gave his last major speech as president of the United States, yet can find little reason to shed tears over the masses of civilians who were destroyed directly as a result of Obama’s policies. Where were the emotions and tears when men, women and children were getting blown to bits by USA drone attacks, indiscriminate air strikes and bombs?…Those who protested the racist and xenophobic Trump, but not Obama or Clinton, are nothing more that disingenuous frauds and amoral cowards.” (“As Obama Exits the White House, Never Forget His Destructive Imperialist Legacy“, Solomon Comissiong, Black Agenda Report)

Let’s be honest, Obama got a pass from his supporters strictly because of appearances; because he looked and sounded like a thoroughly reasonable bloke who only acted on the loftiest of principles. Obama was hailed as a moral giant, a political rock star, a leader among leaders. But it was all fake, all make-up and glitz behind which operated the vicious national security state extending its tentacles around the world, toppling regimes wherever it went, and leaving anarchy and destruction in its wake. Isn’t this Obama’s real legacy when you strip away the sweeping hand gestures and pompous rhetoric?

Of course it is. But Trump won’t have that advantage, will he? Trump is not a public relations invention upon which heartsick liberals pin their highest hopes. Trump is Trump warts and all, the proverbial bull in the china shop. That’s not to say Trump won’t be a lousy president. Judging by the Wall Street cutthroats and hard-edged military men he’s surrounded himself with, he probably will be. But the American people are no longer asleep, so there’s going to be limits to what he can hope to achieve.

So the question is: How should one approach the Trump presidency? Should we denounce him as a fascist before he ever sets foot in the Oval Office? Should we deny his “legitimacy” even though he was elected via a process we have honored for over 200 years? Should we launch impeachment proceedings before he’s done anything that would warrant his removal from office?

Veteran journalist Robert Parry answers this question in a recent piece at Consortium News. Here’s what he said:

“The current danger for Democrats and progressives is that – by bashing everything that Trump says and does – they will further alienate the white working-class voters who became his base and will push away anti-war activists. There is a risk that the Left will trade places with the Right on the question of war and peace, with Democrats and progressives associating themselves with Hillary Clinton’s support for “endless war” in the Middle East, the political machinations of the CIA, and a New Cold War with Russia, essentially moving into an alliance with the Military (and Intelligence) Industrial Complex. Many populists already view the national Democrats as elitists disdainful of the working class, promoters of harmful “free trade” deals, and internationalists represented by the billionaires at the glitzy annual confab in Davos, Switzerland. If — in a rush to demonize and impeach President Trump — Democrats and progressives solidify support for wars of choice in the Middle East, a New Cold War with Russia and a Davos-style elitism, they could further alienate many people who might otherwise be their allies. In other words, selectivity in opposing and criticizing Trump – where he rightly deserves it – rather than opportunism in rejecting everything that Trump says might make more sense. A movement built entirely on destroying Trump could drop Democrats and progressives into some politically destructive traps.” (“Selectivity in Trashing Trump“, Robert Parry, Consortium News)

Right on, Bob. A very reasonable approach to a very thorny situation.

Bravo!                                                                                                                                                                                        0236464-333930729ee1b3f1ed3650a549006440.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000023443 00000000000 014527  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        What Physics Can Tell Us About Martial Arts

A scientific approach can reveal much about combat sports, and football.

Inside Science Contributor

Inside Science Minds presents an ongoing series of guest columnists and personal perspectives presented by scientists, engineers, mathematicians, and others in the science community showcasing some of the most interesting ideas in science today.



(Inside Science) -- Jason Thalken has a Ph.D. in physics and also practices martial arts. He's the author of "Fight Like a Physicist: The Incredible Science Behind Martial Arts." A data scientist who works in industry, he has studied and competed in eight martial arts, and has a black belt in hapkido. His book investigates and discusses how fighters can use science to gain an advantage, why safety equipment can backfire, and why center of mass, pi, and momentum are all important to those who practice martial arts. The book is written to appeal to readers regardless of their scientific background. Fans of other sports, including football, will also be interested to read the chapters on brain injuries and concussions. Readers might not expect a martial arts book to discuss football, but to a physicist like Thalken, exploring the way safety gear, collisions, and technique influence brain injury makes a lot of sense.

Thalken talked to Inside Science's Chris Gorski. The transcript of the interview was edited for length and clarity.

Inside Science: Were you into science first, or martial arts?

Jason Thalken: I've been interested in science since I was a small child. But I didn't really start getting into physics until high school, college. The same thing with martial arts. I started with martial arts back in '95. It's really been a parallel path the whole time.

IS: Do you think that a physics background gives martial artists some kind of extra advantage?

JT: I would say I think a physics background would give an advantage. But it's probably not exactly the way people would think. It's not like drawing lines and making calculations about force and stuff like that are helpful. Perhaps the primary advantage someone like that would have is the understanding of being able to take your training for one thing and applying that into unknown [situations].

IS: In the book, you discuss how an individual can think about their own center of mass and the value of momentum versus energy when they're striking someone or being struck. Could you explain some of those main points?

JT: If you want control over your own stance and your own position then you need your center of mass above both your feet. We have all sorts of ways we can do takedowns, throws and sweeps, but it all boils down to a very simple premise. And that's moving the center of mass away from the supports [usually the athlete's legs], or moving the supports away from the center of mass, and then ensuring that your opponent doesn't make a movement to put their center of mass back above their [supports] and weight. I guess it's a relatively simple concept, but there's all sorts of different variations and different styles.

The range of available human motion is the dictating factor there. It's not the laws of physics that say you have to have either a high momentum or a high energy strike. If you're going to throw a punch you can have your muscles very loose, and in that case your body acts more like a bunch of loosely connected separate objects, but you can move very quickly. That puts very little mass behind it, but it can move very quickly. That ends up being a high energy strike, and it can cause localized tissue damage, something like that. It can hurt, but it's not going to knock anybody back, or rotate anybody's head and knock them out.

On the other end of the spectrum is if you actually tighten your muscles, or selectively tighten them, you can actually be one solid object at the moment of impact, and have a lot of your mass effectively behind that punch. That can knock an opponent back, or rotate their head and knock them out. So you end up with this dichotomy between the two, and those things usually don't end up being head to head, but they are for fighting.

Fighting, Safety Equipment, and Injuries

IS: And it seems like that kind of theme is carried throughout the book, especially when you talk in depth about the brain injuries.

JT: For a very long time the way we looked at injury and impacts was, we just took things like skull fractures, and said that a concussion is probably that to a lesser extreme, and just went with that. It turns out that that was not a very good idea. So instead, what we've done [with safety gear, including gloves and helmets], is we've reduced the ability to feel sensations of pain, for both football players and fighters. But we've enabled them to take large numbers of hits to the head. Big ones cause large rotations of the head, little ones cause small rotations of the head. There's shear forces applied along the axons [parts of nerve cells] in the brain. That ends up causing injury.

We don't see damage around the edges of the brain. We don't see damage localized to the front and back, we don't see radial patterns of damage. What we see is diffuse damage throughout the brain. We should expect to see [localized damage] if the brain was bouncing off the front and back of the skull, or side to side. And then ultimately, if that was what was going on, then for a boxer a straight punch to the forehead of the opponent, that would knock the brain right into the front of the skull. But that is not the knockout punch. What your knockout punch is, is a hook to the jaw. And it turns out that the jaw is actually the furthest distance from the point of rotation at the base of the skull. So that gives you the most leverage to get the head turning.

IS: The potential exposure, the repetitive exposure to these kinds of injuries is huge if you're fighting competitively, but maybe also sparring very intensely. What kind of things do martial arts leaders need to think about changing in order to try to keep people in the ring and in the sports as long as possible?

JT: There's a lot of things that we can do to try to mitigate that. One big one is actually just changing the way we think about safety gear. We have this notion that wearing gloves is safe, and wearing bigger gloves is even safer. It comes down to the simple fact that that's only safer for superficial injuries. If we really want to protect the brains of our athletes, we should probably take the gloves off altogether. Obviously there's the potential for eye injury and [cuts, bruises, and broken bones], so there's other concerns, but if we're talking about protecting the brain, even if we're not going to make changes to the sports, take the gloves off for boxing and mixed martial arts, just training without the gloves would be a step.

One of the things that boxing gloves and MMA gloves do is they provide a lot of protection for the hands. If you're not able to throw full force punches at your opponent's face and head without personal repercussion, that's a very different, you'll take a very different approach to your fighting style.

Training for the Known and Unknown

IS: In the book you talk about a different approach in training and competition, to try to not injure your training partners. Does training differently than you compete put people at a disadvantage in competition?

JT: There was a concept that was introduced, I think it was in Rory Miller's book, "Meditations on Violence." He said, if you're going to be practicing martial arts, no matter what there is a flaw in your training. And the reason for that is that if there was not a flaw in your training, you would be killing and seriously injuring people that you train with. There has to be an intentional flaw there. That's actually where I get into where you should [approach a problem] like a physicist would approach problems. You're not training for the specific scenario that you're looking at right now, you're training to tackle the unknown later on.

IS: It seems like the whole book is built around what's the evidence we can find and what's the theoretical basis we can find behind the martial arts. How many of the people in the martial arts world are tied up in concepts that cannot be proven, such as the concept of the metaphysical force known as "Qi"?

JT: There's one part of the book where I talk about not throwing away good stuff just because it has a mystical explanation. I think some pressure points are a really good example of this. I've personally been brought to my knees by having a thumb shoved inside of my elbow before. Of course the explanation for that is that my Qi has been affected. Just because the explanation is Qi doesn't mean that that didn't work. I wanted to write the book such that I wasn't just dismissing anything that had to do with Qi, but instead saying some of these things are things that we had to come up with an explanation for before we had the actual science to explain it. So we're not saying that it's all garbage, but we are saying that it's about time for us to come in and figure out what's really going on here.

IS: Is there anything else that you'd like to elaborate on?

JT: A lot of people don't necessarily understand at first why a study of martial arts would lead us to answers about problems with football today. In football, you've got all sorts of different things going on. The actual activity that's causing the brain damage is not the primary activity that's going on. We're trying to get a ball in a certain location. That has nothing to do with brain damage. But, then you look over at boxing and MMA, then the actual goal of the activity is that brain damage. Then we can take a look and we can say, okay, what are these guys doing that's effective at causing that, and what's not? We really should look to a sport that's looking directly at causing what it is we're trying to fix.

Thalken tweets at @JasonThalken                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0236428-be75f9d881f4b572e8234998c3b90fe6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004644 00000000000 015106  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

A man brutally killed his son’s kitten after it soiled a sofa. Dollkeith Anthony Jarrett hurled the tiny black and white kitten from his 16ft high balcony in a fit of rage after it dirtied the sofa instead of using its litter tray.

He was caught after RSPCA bosses pleaded for information about the dead animal.

The 46-year-old, of Rowcon Close, Audenshaw, pleaded guilty to failing to protect the animal from pain and suffering by his abuse which led to its death. The kitten was found dead by a neighbour just hours after she overheard Jarrett repeatedly threatening to kill it.

Mark Harper, prosecuting for the RSPCA at Tameside magistrates’ court, said: "The shouting and swearing went on for 20 minutes until it went quiet.

"The next morning the witness saw the body of a black and white kitten near her gate.

"She described it as tiny, no more than 10 or 11 weeks old."

The pet had been thrown from the balcony , landing more than 28 feet away.

A veterinary examination confirmed it had died from blunt trauma consistent with falling from a height.

The court heard how Jarrett had bought the kitten for his son’s birthday in early January 2011.

By January 20 it was dead but hours later he went out and bought another black and white kitten as a ‘replacement’.

Mr Harper said: "After seeing an appeal in the Advertiser a previous acquaintance of Mr Jarrett’s decided to visit him to see if he could find out what happened.

"The defendant said the kitten had had an accident on the sofa and he had thrown it in the kitchen.

"When he went back in the kitchen he thought it was dead.

"He said he then just threw it off the balcony and hoped the foxes would take it."

Jarrett had originally denied the offence but changed his plea to guilty. District Judge Jonathan Taaffe adjourned the case for probation reports and warned Jarrett he could face prison.

He said: "Causing unnecessary suffering to animals is something this court will not tolerate.

"All options remain open for sentence including custody."

RSPCA inspector Vicki McDonald said: "I’m very pleased Mr Jarrett has admitted his guilt.

"It was a deliberately appalling and cruel act on a defenceless kitten which must have been absolutely petrified."

Jarrett will be sentenced on April 11.                                                                                            0236482-65a0cd3f7811ce9c187b3a8901e099d5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005432 00000000000 015050  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In a reversal of global trade patterns, a Hong Kong shoe company recently opened a factory in Jefferson City, Tennessee. Loretta Lee, the founder and chairwoman of Merchant House International Ltd.—which makes everything from industrial work boots to kitchen towels and Christmas decorations—told the Wall Street Journal she found it “ridiculous” to ship US cow hides across the Pacific to be processed, made into shoes, and returned to US consumers as leather goods. But that has been the pattern (and presumably Merchant House’s mode of operations with boots made in its factories in Tianjin, China) since Chinese-made shoes came to dominate the US market in recent decades.

Lee’s reasoning is sound, up to a point. The US is rich in raw materials. According to the Journal, the country shipped about $1 billion of cow and horse hides to China last year—much of which came back as shoes and boots. Trouble is, there’s a lot more to footwear than rawhide. Manufacturers need tanneries to process the leather hides and suppliers to provide components such as eyelets and laces. But finding competitive suppliers for those middle steps and auxiliary pieces stateside may prove challenging for US factories, now that footwear manufacturing—and the infrastructure necessary for it—has been largely outsourced. Lee’s Tennessee-made Craftsman work boots, for example, will arrive to Sears stores in imported Chinese shoe boxes, she told the Journal. Those boxes could be five times costlier if sourced in the US.

Although Asia still dominates shoe manufacturing, there are bright spots in the US beyond Merchant House’s modestly sized factory. The big-box store Walmart has agreed to support a Georgia-based manufacturer of polyurethane sandals and clogs, and the outdoorsy clothing company L.L. Bean recently increased employment at a Brunswick, Maine boot factory by 25% (bringing the total to 500 workers) in response to increased demand for its enduringly popular ”duck boots.”

But perhaps the most telling investment comes from ISA TanTec, a German company that owns leather tanneries in China and Vietnam. In May, the company announced it will open its third tannery in a highly strategic location, accounting for the supply and market for leather hides: Vicksburg, Mississippi. There, the processor will enjoy proximity not only to South America—where both cattle farms and shoe factories flourish—but also to US-based suppliers and manufacturers. TanTec buys half a million hides from Texas every year and Schneider says brands have asked for help developing the domestic leather market.

Made-in-the-USA footwear will stand a better chance if more companies invest in every step of the supply chain infrastructure. It just may be that the investors making US manufacturing possible arrive from overseas.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0236429-c39a08eb853e202acd090674376df7cd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013322 00000000000 015117  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Over the past 2 years or so we have noticed a trend in PC gaming: more and more gamers are realizing the importance of the display in the total gaming experience. Having been in the reviews game for nearly 16 years, I am just as guilty as most of you reading this of falling into the trap of "good enough" monitors. Steam surveys and our own data from readers shows that most of you have found some form of 1920x1080 screen and have stuck with it. But the truth is changing your monitor can and will dramatically impact how you game, how you work and just how impressed you feel each and every time you sit down in front of your PC.

Today we are looking at one of the monitors that promises to change how you view productivity and gaming. The Acer XR341CK continues the momentum of a new aspect ratio of monitors, 21:9. Otherwise known as UltraWide displays, they are available in both 2560x1080 and 3440x1440 resolutions, though our testing model today uses the latter, larger option. This Acer has a slight curve to it as well, just enough to be enjoyable without changing viewing angles for the primary user. With a 34 inch diagonal measurement, IPS panel technology and AMD FreeSync variable refresh rate support, the Acer XR341CK is likely to be our new favorite monitor for AMD Radeon users.

This doesn't come without a cost though: the XR341CK retails for just over $1,000 on Amazon. For many of you that will be a breath-taking price, and not in a good way. But consider the length of time that users tend keep monitors, I think we can make the case that type of investment is actually worthwhile.

Continue reading our review of the Acer XR341CK 3440x1440 75 Hz FreeSync monitor!!

For some reason, Acer really doesn't like to update its website with information and specifications for monitors in its lineup. But let's dive into the detail we have about the Acer XR341CK.

Specifications

Acer XR341CK

34-in diagonal

3440x1440 resolution

75 Hz maximum refresh

IPS panel

1 x DisplayPort input

1 x Mini DisplayPort input

1 x HDMI (MHL 2.0)

1 x HDMI 2.0

1 x DisplayPort out (second monitor daisy chain)

4 port USB 3.0 Hub

4ms rated response time

300 nit brightness

LED backlight

FreeSync Variable Refresh Technology support (DisplayPort)

2 x 7 watt speakers

Ambient Lighting under panel

Physical Design

The first thing that I noticed after taking the Acer XR341CK out of the box was its physical appearance. It's sleek, sexy and very modern looking; there aren't any flimsy black plastic pieces or wobbly stands to be seen.

If you haven't been in a room with a 21:9 display yet the wide aspect ratio can be quite a shock at first glance. A typical 16:9 video played back at fullscreen will give you vertical black bars for spacing on either side, which is a drawback, but for gaming and productivity, there are very few display options that can match the balance these have. The stand, with is brushed metal finish and the thin bezel surrounding the panel give the monitor a "high tech" feel that will impress visitors.

With a true IPS panel powering the XR341CK, viewing angles are spot on and color shift when moving around the panel in different directions is basically nonexistent.

The stand under the monitor is uses two long legs along with a third base, of sorts, at the back in the center. It's minimal, but functional. It takes up a lot of desk space but you can definitely use the area between and under the legs for storage of post-it notes.

The rest of the stand supports height adjustment of about 5-6 inches, as well as angle adjustment from -5 to 35 degrees.

This shot shows you the subtle curve of the Acer XR341CK - it's not a huge amount and is just about perfect for a single user in the center of the screen's real estate. Issues that consumers had with curved TVs are avoided with the realization that monitors are inherently single user devices and with the extreme width of the screen, the curve helps make items on either side a bit closer to relative scale.

In the middle of the stand there is as simple cable management opening to run your power and display cables through.

Acer has made the XR341CK VESA mountable as well should you want to replace the included stand or add this display to a desk arm.

A four port USB 3.0 hub is included on the monitor making accessory device connection simple.

For input connections, the XR341CK includes a mini DisplayPort, a full size DisplayPort (though only one can be used a time), two HDMI ports (one of which supports HDMI 2.0) and even a DisplayPort output to allow for monitor pass through.

The input selection on the back is great but there is one headache in the design. If you use a standard DisplayPort cable with a retention lock on it (which is very common) you are going to have a difficult time removing it because of the proximity of the bordering overhang. To be fair, the cable that Acer provides does NOT have a lock on it to prevent this from occurring, but with only 4 feet of range with the cable in the box, I fear many users will find longer cables and then later realize the issue. Acer should fix this on future models.

The back side of the monitor is a very shiny piano black finish and will attract dust and fingerprints easily. For most users with the monitor opposite a wall it will likely not be an issue. If the rear of your monitor faces outward though you'll want to keep a dust rag handy.

Acer has included ambient lighting under the XR341CK that can be adjusted for color, pattern and brightness. Blue, red, green and white are your options, with five different brightness settings and you can have the light steady, flash, pulse or swing back and forth like Knight Rider. It is a really neat effect and is actually useful for those of you that game in the dark, adding some ambient light to your desk.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0236458-7f72965dae40aa9e27a992a059409bf3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000024440 00000000000 015057  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Anyone who comes to the rabbitry and my homestead will see our many gardens. I have been asked many times what is your secret. You must use miracle grow they say. I just chuckle, thinking they just opened up a can of worms, and worms love rabbit manure! And now they are going to hear it! Now they get to discuss all about rabbits any there purpose on the homestead, the conversation will start about the many benefits and uses of rabbit manure, but more will come. I am determined to spread the word of raising rabbits, and all the many benefits that go with it. That’s how I came up with our slogan – Raising Meat Rabbits To Save The World!

Rabbit manure is one of the best manures for your organic gardens! It will increase poor soil by improving soil structure and also improving the life cycle of the beneficial microorganisms in the soil. Rabbits are very good at producing an excellent source of manure. It is rich in many nutrients and very simple to use. One doe and her offspring will produce over one ton of manure in a year.

Rabbit manure is packed with nitrogen, phosphorus, potassium, and many minerals, lots of micro-nutrients, plus many other beneficial trace elements such as calcium, magnesium, boron, zinc, manganese, sulfur, copper, and cobalt just to name a few.

N – P – K VALUES – Rabbit= N- 2.4 P- 1.4 K- .60, Chicken=N- 1.1 P-.80 K- .50, Sheep=N- .70 P- .30 K-.60, Horse=N- .70 P-.30 K- .60, Steer=N- .70 P-.30 K-.40, Dairy Cow=N- .25 P-.15 K-.25 As you can see by the nutrient values of farm manures and how they measure up and rabbit manure really shines! Rabbit manure also doesn’t smell as strong as other manures making it easy to use.

Nitrogen(N)- Rabbit manure is higher in nitrogen than sheep, goat, pig, chicken, cow or horse manure. Plants need nitrogen to produce a lush green growth. Nitrogen helps plants grow greener and stronger helping the plant reach its full potential. This is great for all those quick growing salad greens! Great for the early growth of tomatoes, corn, and many other vegetables.

Phosphorus(P)- Rabbit manure is also higher in phosphorus than the other manures. It helps with the transformation of solar energy to chemical energy. Which in turn helps with proper plant growth. Phosphorus also helps plants to withstand stress. Phosphorus in the soil encourages more and bigger blossoms helping with flowering and fruiting also great for root growth.

Potassium(K)- Potassium helps with fruit quality and reduction of disease plants will not grow without it. Plants use potassium as an enzyme to produce proteins and sugars.They also uses potassium to control water content.

More than just the awsome NPK values of rabbit manure it is loaded with a host of micro-nutrients as well as organic matter that improves soil structure, drainage, and moisture retention. Vegetable gardens, pastures, and flower gardens all will benefit from using rabbit manure. It helps retain soil moisture and soil structure.

Rabbit manure is one of the few fertilizers that will not burn your plants when added directly to the garden and can be safely used on food plants.

Grab a handful from under the hutch and use it as is, or work it into the topsoil. Rabbit manure at first glance many seem to be less powerful than commercial fertilizers but in reality they are better and healthier for your garden providing food and nourishment for your plants as well as earthworms and other beneficial animals and microorganisms in your soil. So why use chemical additives that are know to kill all soil life. Some manures have to be aged so they do not harm your garden, Bunny Berries can be used fresh as is. This is also a very organic way to add nutrients back to you soil.

HOW TO USE-

Use It As Is – “Bunny Berries” – Because rabbit manure is dry,odorless,and in pellet form makes it suitable for direct use in the garden. It can be applied any time of the year and helps give your plants a boost during the growing season or as a storehouse of nutrients when applied in the late fall and winter. Because it is considered a cold manure there is no threat of burning plants and roots. So use it as a top- dressing, mulch around plants, bury in the ground under transplants or just working it into the soil right from the rabbit. This is the easiest way to use your Super fertilizer! Grab a handful and add it to your garden today. The Berries are a time release capsule of goodness for your soil. This is the way i use it the most in my gardens, so the next time you find yourself knee deep in rabbit poop just add it to your garden!

Compost It – Composting rabbit manure is an easy process and the end result will be ideal fertilizer for gardens plants and crops. I only compost the rabbit manure/urine/shaving mix i get from my drop pans in the stack a hutch setup. Simply add to your compost bin or pile and add in equal amounts of dry straw or shaving to the manure (Unless like me you only compost the shaving/poop mix-the shaving have all ready been added plus the urine starts the heat up fast!) you can also mix in your usally composted materials grass clippings, leaves ,kitchen scraps. Mix with a pitchfork and keep the pile moist not saturated you may have to cover it with a tarp. It will take any were from a few months to a year depending on how often you turn it. I have heard some of my composting friends complaining that their compost pile will not heat up. The poop/urine/shaving mix is the best compost activator i have seen. Add it, turn it, and it will heat up! If you can get your hands on even a small bucket of this mix every now and then you and your compost pile will be in nitrogen heaven as far as composting rabbit manure goes rabbit manure is nitrogen on steroids it will get your pile hot and breaking down at accelerated rates .Those friends with the cold compost piles are usally here on cage cleaning day with buckets and shovels. Now if i could just figure out to have them do all the cleaning chores!

Manure Tea – “Bunny Brew” – Rabbit manure tea is the colored water that manure has been steeped in and is full of nutrients making a concentrated liquid organic garden fertilizer! The nutrients from the manure dissolve easily into the water were it can be added to sprayers or watering cans. To make the tea, put a heaping shovel full of rabbit manure in a burlap bag or porous cloth with the four corners tied together. Put the bag in a 5 gallon bucket and fill with water. Allow it to seep in the warm sunshine for a week. Remove the bag and suspend it above the bucket until it stops dripping. You can speed up the process by putting manure directly into the bucket with the water and let it sit for 3 days, stirring daily. Then put some burlap over the top of another empty bucket (making a strainer) and pour thru the cloth to strain out the solids. Suspend the solids in the makeshift strainer above the bucket until it stops dripping. In both processes the solids will not have released all their nutrients to the tea, and they will still be a beneficial soil amendment (put into the garden or compost pile). If you have many plants, you may want to use a big barrel by using the ratio of 1 part manure to 5 parts water. To use the Tea, dilute it until it is about the color of kitchen tea, which should be about one cup of the concentrated manure tea to a gallon of water. Use it to dip every new plant before you transplant them. Dip only the root ball, until bubbles stop coming to the surface (also do this to trees and shrubs before transplanting). Also wet furrows before planting, and fill holes with it before you plant trees or shrubs. Wait until it is all absorbed into the soil allowing all the nutrients to permeate the nearby soil of the plant you are planting. Making and using manure tea is a great way to give your garden crops the extra boost they need for optimal health and growth. Give once a week as a fertilizer and throw out your miracle grow! Experience will tell how often to use and how much. Now that you know how to make bunny brew, you can use it all the time to give your plants that extra boost!

Growing worms- I am not going to go into this in to much detail in this post as i am writing up a post on benefits of raising worms and rabbits together for sustainability. Although fresh rabbit manure is considered one of the best organic garden fertilizers it is also the best worm feed and bedding. You can grow and raise worms directly in the rabbit droppings under cages, or hutches, or making boxes and adding the manure to those. Rabbit manure along with wasted feed makes some of the best worm feed there is. When properly cared for red worms eliminate unsightly manure piles, odor and fly problems. The best worm to use is the red worm or red wiggler(Eisenia fetida). You should have about 200 to 400 worms per square foot of surface area. To start off add bedding material to the bed. Bedding could be any combination of carbon material-shredded paper,decomposing leaves, hay, straw, peat moss, ect. Remember that worms cannot eat dry rabbit manure so maintain moisture level so the bedding is damp. Worms do not like salt and rabbit urine contains salt so you must remember to remove wet urine spots regularly adding them to the compost or directly to the garden. Keep adding a thin layer of your carbon material of choice to cover the surface of the bedding and loosen the bedding occasionally with a fork do not use a shovel(worms do not like being cut in half).The rabbits and worms will do the rest. You can remove and harvest worms and replace bedding every 3 to 4 months, if the worms are doing their job. Join The Rabbit Revolution! Subscribe to our blog and get the updates as they are posted. The Benefits Of Raising Worms With Rabbits For Sustainability will be a good one! I been working on this one for a long time!

Making Methane- This is something I will be experimenting with this summer with a 55 and 30 gallon barrel the 30 gallon nesting inside the 55 gallon barrel with a slurry of rabbit manure, shavings and urine mix being anaerobic composted to make methane. I will be trying to run a lawnmower engine hooked to a alternator to charge my battery bank stay tuned for this one! I will be posting the information on making and using this unit soon!

Hope this answers all you questions on rabbit manure and its benefits as well if you have any question or other ideas please let me know I will post them or add them to this post!

Advertisements                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0236461-5590794ee2ff883827992dc3c3ffab0b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002044 00000000000 015140  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Clinton smiled, nodded, and noted that Albright has been making that same statement for about 25 years. "But it doesn't change my view that we need to empower everyone — women and men — to make the best decisions in their minds they can make," said Clinton.She added, "When it comes to the issues that are really on the frontlines, to whether we're going to have equal pay, paid family leave, some opportunity for women to go as far as their hard work and talent takes them, I think we still have some barriers to knock down. Which is why that's at the core of my campaign."Last weekend, the world collectively cringed when 78-year-old former Secretary Albright spoke at a pro-Clinton rally and said, "We can tell our story of how we climbed the ladder, and a lot of you younger women think it's done. It's not done. There's a special place in hell for women who don't help each other!"This was shortly after Gloria Steinem made a comment on Real Time with Bill Maher that implied young women are pro–Bernie Sanders because they want attention from boys.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0236465-10772e1080593d7596881d2cb318fc34.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004731 00000000000 014550  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Close

Pokémon GO fans in Japan are rejoicing as the location-based augmented reality app is finally available in the country.

The free-to-play Pokémon GO, which has been developed by Niantic Labs for iOS and Android, made way to many markets except Japan in early July. The game developer revealed that due to server capacity concerns Pokémon GO was delayed in the country.

Previously, the game was set to be launched in Japan on July 20 but it was canceled after a leaked internal email went viral. Niantic did not reveal a new release date for Pokémon GO but it is now officially available in Japan.

"To everyone in Japan: I am sorry to make you wait for so long. Pokémon GO can now be played in Japan," said Jyunichi Masuda, the head of development at Game Freak, the developer of the original Pokémon game.

While a majority of video games are played from the comfort of a player's living room, Niantic has taken a new approach. Niantic's CEO John Hanke says that the company wanted to develop a game that will make gamers go outdoors, get some exercise, discover exciting new places and have fun. Pokémon GO will offer all these to gamers but Hanke advised players to be careful while playing Pokémon GO.

"When you go out to play, keep your head up, look around, enjoy the world around you and be safe," said Hanke.

International fast food chain McDonald's has also become the first sponsored partner of Pokémon GO, which will result in a potential revenue expansion for Niantic beyond the in-app purchases. Financial details of the deal with McDonalds remain unknown.

The fast food chain has about 3,000 locations in Japan. About 400 McDonalds location in Japan can be used as "gyms" where Pokémon GO players can battle. Other locations will serve as "Pokestops," where players can get "Poke Balls" and other items they need for the game.

To capitalize on the deal, McDonalds has also started Pokémon-themed Happy Meals, which is expected to increase its revenue.

Pokémon GO has already received a lot of popularity after its launch. The game was downloaded more than 8 million times within the first week. Reports suggest that Pokémon GO now has more than 30 million downloads across the world.

Japan is the birth place of Pokémon and the franchise has great fan following in the country. Although, the game was delayed in Japan, many players will be waiting to download and play Pokémon GO at the earliest.

ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.                                       0236308-05e77b3b8c4bc1d48c38922271475641.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001365 00000000000 014621  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        It does seem like ages ago, doesn’t it?

One of my favorite shows and upcoming stars is Katie Nolan and her show Garbage Time on FS1. She’s been doing web-content for years, and it’s great to see her finally rise to fame.

As part of a promotion for Reebok, she asked random New Yorkers who won the World Series last year. I mean, it was just eight months ago. Plus, New York was IN the World Series. She didn’t do so well.

So, I decided that we needed to do better so I took my film crew at great expense to a completely random location inside Kansas City to attempt the same experiment.

We did… well, see for yourself.

You can catch Katie Nolan on Garbage Time on FS1 at 11 pm on Wednesdays or on her YouTube Channel.

Oh, and Katie approves:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0236030-98ac9fc91e032e2c6496cb0081700ebe.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006661 00000000000 015110  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Rockies told Gonzalez he'd move to center after they traded their former center fielder, Dexter Fowler, to the Astros in November. The thought was the Rockies would have an easier time filling left field.

SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. -- The Rockies have scrapped a plan to move three-time Rawlings Gold Glove Award winner Carlos Gonzalez to center field and will keep him in left, manager Walt Weiss said Saturday.

SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. -- The Rockies have scrapped a plan to move three-time Rawlings Gold Glove Award winner Carlos Gonzalez to center field and will keep him in left, manager Walt Weiss said Saturday.

The Rockies told Gonzalez he'd move to center after they traded their former center fielder, Dexter Fowler, to the Astros in November. The thought was the Rockies would have an easier time filling left field.

But the Rockies traded with the Indians for Drew Stubbs in December. Stubbs is considered a strong defensive center fielder, but he was not as effective last year when the Indians moved him to right field. Stubbs, who avoided arbitration by signing for one year at $4.1 million, has never played left field.

Additionally, the Rockies are expected to go with a platoon in center, since Stubbs hits left-handed pitching (.274 average, .349 on-base percentage, .448 slugging percentage) better than right (.226/.296/.358).

Left-handed hitting Charlie Blackmon is a center fielder by trade, and lefty Corey Dickerson played passably in center in the past and made progress over the winter. Also, right-handed hitting Brandon Barnes, who arrived in the Fowler trade, played center for most of last season for the Astros and is a candidate.

"We are feeling comfortable with the alternatives, watching these guys run around," Weiss said. "The big thing is we want to keep [Gonzalez] on the field. Risk and reward has kind of swung the other way. We are in a different place than we were in the fall. That's what it comes down to."

The Rockies' first full-squad workout is Sunday at Salt River Fields at Talking Stick. Weiss said he spoke to Gonzalez on Friday and again Saturday.

The center field mix also affects the Rockies' batting order, which has a hole in Fowler's old leadoff spot.

Stubbs has displayed top-end speed (127 steals in 156 attempts) -- enough that the Reds tried to make him a leadoff man during his time there (2009-12). However, Stubbs also hits with occasional power but also with a high strikeout rate (729 in 2,221 at-bats). Weiss has already said Stubbs will hit behind the middle of the order when he plays, which means second basemen DJ LeMahieu and Josh Rutledge would lead off when Stubbs plays. The rest of the competitors will likely be trying to prove themselves as leadoff hitters.

At any rate, the Rockies were looking to keep Gonzalez in one position. He played all three outfield spots with aplomb early in his Rockies career, but he has dealt with nagging injuries. Also, in 2011, his versatility likely cost him a Gold Glove. It was the first year the awards were position-specific, instead of going to three outfielders.

However, the decision eliminates what could have been a dramatic race between Gonzalez, who won last year's National League Gold Glove Award for left field, and the Pirates' Andrew McCutchen, who won it in center.

Gonzalez is coming off a sprained ligament on his right middle finger, which curtailed his power in the second half of the season. Any decision that trims Gonzalez's injury risk, Weiss figures, is a good one.                                                                               0236479-4196d1623be205b74fb2cb636dcb93ae.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005137 00000000000 015177  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Russia has said that it will treat all US-led coalition aircraft to the west of the Euphrates River in Syria as "targets" and halted an incident-prevention hotline with Washington after US forces downed a Syrian warplane.

Moscow has only once before suspended the hotline, which was established in October 2015 to prevent conflict between the different forces operating in Syrian airspace.

Sunday’s downing of the jet and Russia's response on Monday further complicate Syria's six-year war and come as the US-led coalition and allied fighters battle to remove the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL, also known as ISIS) group from its Syrian bastion, Raqqa.

Russia's foreign ministry accused Washington of failing to use the hotline before downing the plane near Raqqa and called for a "careful investigation by the US command" into the incident.

"Any flying objects, including planes and drones of the international coalition, discovered west of the Euphrates River will be tracked as aerial targets by Russia's air defences on and above ground," it warned.

Russia's defence ministry condemned the downing of the jet in a separate statement, saying the latest incident, in addition to others, was a violation of international law.

"As a result of the strike, the Syrian plane was destroyed. The Syrian pilot catapulted into an area controlled by Islamic State [of Iraq and the Levant] terrorists. His fate is unknown," the statement said.

'Not much change on ground'

Pavel Felgenhauer, a military analyst and columnist in Moscow, told Al Jazeera that the development was a dangerous escalation, but the sides did not want to take real action against each other.

"Russia's defence ministry does not say that they would target American planes with weapons. Moscow says they will just lock their radars on them, follow them but not really shoot," he said.

Felgenhauer added that this happened various times before the latest incident when US planes came close to Russian bases in Syria.

"So, there is not much real change on the ground," he said.

RELATED: Fresh Syria talks set for July 10 in Astana

The Syrian jet was shot down on Sunday evening after regime forces engaged fighters from the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance battling against ISIL with US support, in an area close to Raqqa.

The American F/A-18E Super Hornet shot down the Syrian SU-22 around 7pm as it "dropped bombs near SDF fighters" south of the town of Tabqa, the coalition said in a statement.

The incident was the latest skirmish between the US-led coalition and regime forces in the increasingly tense and crowded space in Syria's north and east.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0236446-0b242aa859d280e4e5d5993350339004.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000032277 00000000000 014542  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        When I first became sick 20 years ago, I never imagined the winding road ahead of me and what was in store for myself and for my family. I remember thinking once I received my CFS diagnosis and was told there was no cure and that I would live with it for the rest of my life, how will I do that? How will I live the next year with this thing yet along the next 10, 20 or 50 years? But here I am – 2o years later – still living with it and growing every day as a person because of it.

Part of the process of adjusting to chronic illness is going through different stages and these stages can take anywhere from months to years to work through. It’s a long, emotional road that most people don’t realize we walk and it’s not just a simple diagnosis and treatment plan we have to adjust to and that our families have to adjust to. Everything we once knew as our life has forever been altered tremendously and dealing with that is an extremely long process. So let’s take a look at each stage of the adjustment process thoroughly:

Denial. The first stage of adjusting to chronic illness is denial. Once a patient has finally been diagnosed with either CFS or Fibromyalgia, they initially feel relief because most have been trying to find out what’s been wrong with them for years. At the same time, the patient may be in shock or disbelief because they have an illness with no cure and with no proven effective treatments.

During the denial stage, the CFS/FM patient may be easily swayed and taken advantage of with all of the so-called “medical cures” and “natural treatment cures” out there on the Internet. Patients may also continue doctor shopping during the denial stage because even though they now have a diagnosis, they keep hoping that there is something else wrong that is not chronic causing all of their problems. Patients can lose an extreme amount of money during the denial stage.

Patients may also continue trying to live their lives as normally as they did before, thinking that if they just keep pushing themselves, the illness somehow won’t be there. We think that if we just keep going and going, we can somehow make it all disappear. We think that by being stubborn we can show CFS & Fibromyalgia that we are the boss. Well, it doesn’t work. Even if you are able to push yourself for a few months or a few years, the disease always wins out, the body shuts down, and then we beat ourselves up because we thought we could continue doing it all.

Fear. The second stage of adjusting to chronic illness is fear. I remember the terrible fear of the unknown – what was going to happen to me? What was going to happen to my body? Would I die young? Would I be able to continue working? How would I explain to people what CFS is when I don’t understand it myself? There are so many fears and thoughts going through your mind it is overwhelming. One of my worst fears and worries to overcome was just trying to live from day to day – what was each day going to bring? I lived my life scheduled. I scheduled everything – did everything the same times, every day, every week. I loved routine and that is how I functioned best. With CFS and Fibromyalgia, there is no scheduling, there is no routine. You don’t know what you will be able to do from hour to hour, let alone from day to day. The anxiety and stress of having to change such a big part of myself was immense.

It is usually during the fear stage where the patient will dive into learning as much as he or she can about CFS and Fibromyalgia. Getting reliable facts about your illness can help to calm your fears and any fears your family may have as well. If you can get involved with a local support group or an Internet support group that is specific to your illness, you won’t feel so alone and this will help relieve fear and worry also.

Anger/Frustration. The third stage of adjusting to chronic illness is anger and frustration. This phase is common for the patient and for the family members. The CFS/Fibromyalgia patient will feel angry or frustrated because they can’t do the housework, outside work, etc. The family members will feel angry/frustrated because they have to do the housework and other work. It is frustrating when there are children involved because they don’t understand why mom or dad can’t play. Mom or dad are frustrated because they want to play more than anything but their bodies won’t allow it. It’s an awful, useless feeling.

Typically during the anger phase a CFS/Fibro patient will continually ask themselves, “Why me? This isn’t fair. What did I do to deserve this?” Dr. Bruce Campbell, a chronic illness educator (http://www.cfidsselfhelp.org), says that anger can be a positive thing for CFS & Fibromyalgia patients:

Anger can have positive effects if it motivates you to find solutions to your problems, but it can be destructive if it is expressed in a way that alienates you from others or drives away people who want to help.

Talking to someone or getting help from a neutral party can be effective. Many chronically ill patients and their families will seek the help of professional counselors to learn how to cope with what they are going through and to understand what each other is going through. I have went to counseling a few times over the years to help deal with the effects of chronic illness. The severity of CFS & Fibromyalgia and the daily impact on our lives is such that it gets unbearable at times. Having a neutral party to vent to who isn’t trying to fix the problem that can’t be fixed (which is what most husbands do) and having someone to talk to besides friends and family (because they let us and everyone else know soon enough they don’t want to hear it) is what we need many times.

Grief /Depression. The fourth stage of adjusting to chronic illness is grief and depression. We grieve for the loss of our old lives because everything has now changed. CFS & Fibromyalgia patients lose many of their friends and even family members to their illnesses and it is like we grieve for the death of a loved one – and we do in a sense. We lose an entire life and identity when CFS & Fibromyalgia strikes so the grieving and depression are real. Dreams are gone, incomes are gone, once-loved activites are gone. By now, the shock has worn off and we realize that no matter what we do, we will always have this illness and even though we may be able to do things to make life more bearable, we will always be sick. We will always be the “sick one” in the family, or the “hypochondriac” in the family, or the “buzz kill” at the parties, or whatever it is our family and friends refer to us as. It’s a grieving process for the family members we live with, too. They don’t have the same mom or dad, the same spouse, and their lives have been turned upside down.

Bruce Campbell says about depression in chronic illness:

The signs of depression may be obvious or subtle. A persistent mood of pessimism or thoughts of suicide are clear signals of depression and should lead to prompt professional help. (See “Killing Me Softly: FM/CFS & Suicide.”) But depression may be less obvious, indicated by signs such as a higher than normal level of fatigue, sleep problems, lack of interest in activities or friendships that used to bring pleasure, unintended weight change, and an increase in anger and hostility. Depression is often treated with a combination of self-management strategies and professional help. The latter involves counseling, medications or both. Self-help techniques include exercise, stress management, pleasurable activities, strengthening relationships, problem solving and changing your thinking. The last involves learning to reframe you thoughts so that they are both more realistic and hopeful.



For working through grief, Campbell recommends:

What can help you move through and beyond loss? In addition to the self-help strategies discussed in the last several sections, consider the following: Use problem solving. Respond to the emotions of chronic illness by problem solving. By adopting self-management strategies, you can regain control and begin to move forward. Keep structure in your life. Having a routine provides a sense of stability and familiarity, counteracting the feelings of disorientation and uncertainty brought by loss. Avoid stress. Having to adjust to the many changes brought by illness is traumatic. In a situation in which you are already overloaded emotionally, it’s best to avoid people and situations that add more stress. Respond positively to self-pity. Almost everyone involved with chronic illness occasionally feels sorry for themselves. It’s not surprising that people sometimes feel overwhelmed by emotions, given the losses and stresses brought by long-term illness. Here are three ways to fight back. 1) Recognize self-pity is a part of serious illness. Just as symptoms wax and wane, so do emotions. Acknowledging that self-pity is happening can take some of its power away. You might say something like, “Oh, there’s self-pity again” or “I see that I’m feeling sorry for myself today.” Also, it can help to say consoling things like, “I’ve felt this way before and it’s always blown over, so probably it won’t last this time either.” 2) Connect with others. Reach out via phone, email or in-person. Sometimes just being in touch can change a mood. At other times it helps to have your mood acknowledged. 3) Help others. Shift your attention off yourself onto what you can do for your family, friends or others in your life.

Recognize grief is a long-term process. You may experience grief repeatedly as you and the family member who is ill move through the stages of life. Depending on when your family member became ill, you might feel loss at several times. You may experience grief if you remain childless while others become parents, if you are not able to provide the parenting you hoped, or if you can’t have the career or the retirement you had planned.

Acceptance. The final stage in adjusting to chronic illness is acceptance and learning how to adapt to life with CFS & Fibromyalgia. It normally takes several years to a decade (or longer for some) to get to this stage. At this stage, the patient knows that they will never have their old live back again, they have begun to adapt to their new life with illness, and they adjust their dreams and goals according to what they can physically do now.

Acceptance does not mean that we have given up or given in to our illness. It means that we have accepted the fact that we are sick and that we physically and emotionally have to make serious changes in every aspect of our lives in order to survive, just as someone with MS, cancer, or other serious illness does. I never give up on myself and I never give up on life. But I’m not about to go out and try to work a 5o-hour week, clean my house from top to bottom daily, and all of the other zillion things I did before I got sick to try and prove a point. I have accepted the fact that I can’t do those things anymore and that my body will not allow it. It’s not being negative – it’s reality, it’s a fact. I love how Bruce Campbell says that acceptance involves the willingness to build a new life. He discusses a great analogy on acceptance from one of his self-help groups. The woman wrote an essay, “Welcome to Holland”, where she says that having CFS was like planning a trip to Italy but when the plane lands, you’re told “Welcome to Holland.”

“Holland!?” you say. “What do you mean Holland? I signed up for Italy! I’m supposed to be in Italy.” But there’s been a change in the flight plan. You have landed in Holland. And there you must stay. The important thing is that it’s just a different place. You must buy new guidebooks. You must learn a whole new language. And you will meet a whole new group of people you would not otherwise have met. It’s slower paced than Italy, less flashy than Italy. But after you’ve been there a while, you look around, and you begin to notice that Holland has windmills, Holland has tulips, Holland even has Rembrandts. So, welcome to Holland. Along with the patient in your life, you have landed in an unexpected destination. You have experienced the loss of a dream and are challenged to adjust to a different type of life than you had planned. You have probably lost some companionship and, instead, may have taken on new responsibilities. But, like the person in our class, you have a choice to dwell on what you have lost or to seek out new possibilities.

Repeating the Process. I have personally found over the years that I will go through these stages over and over again – most of them anyway. Normally after a flare, I will find that I will go through the anger, grief and acceptance stages but I get through the anger and grief stages much quicker than what I used to. The fear stage will still hit at times also, particularly when a flare affects my hours at work and I have to cut back for a while. I will go through the fear and worry of financial loss and will fear if this flare will be the final kicker that will knock me on my butt for good.

While we may not be able to change the fact that we have CFS & Fibromyalgia, we can build a new life that is still rich and full – it’s just not the same as the old life. We have to create a new normal for ourselves because we deserve it!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0236366-9ddf6bd7873f0f561d810a52041b135b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005535 00000000000 015037  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Mitt Romney's already got Fox in his pocket. He doesn't need CNN, too.



Mitt Romney's already got Fox in his pocket. He doesn't need CNN, too.



Greg Sargent and Steve Benen challenge CNN's Candy Crowley for this exchange on CNN yesterday:

CROWLEY: But couldn't that huge gap, which is a pretty big gap between those who think you could handle the economy as opposed to Mitt Romney -- couldn't it also be that, from the day -- from the month the president took office, we still have 1.7 million fewer jobs in the marketplace? AXLEROD: Candy, let's have -- you know what, I'm happy to have that discussion. Do you know that, when he was campaigning for president in 2007 and 2008, Governor Romney had nothing but praise for the economic policies that were in place at that time, as America was sliding into the worst recession since the Great Depression, after eight years in which we... CROWLEY (interrupting): But this isn't Romney. This is a fact.

Facts, as they say, are stubborn things. But facts are merely data points. And without sufficient context, they are at best useless and at worst misleading. Such is the case here.

It is a fact that just under 1.7 million jobs have been lost since President Obama's inauguration, but Mitt Romney's campaign—and Candy Crowley, at least in this exchange—are cherry picking that fact to blame President Obama for the economy.

The true story, however, consists of more than just one fact. As David Axelrod pointed out in response to Crowley, President Obama inherited an economy in free fall and put in place policies that not only stabilized it, but have led to nearly two straight years of jobs growth.

Between January, 2008 and February, 2010, nearly 9 million jobs were lost, a majority of them under Bush. Since then, we've added 3.2 million private sector jobs. We've lost 500,000 public sector jobs over that span, so the net figure is 2.7 million, but since the end of the Bush Depression, we've been headed in the right direction.

Even if you were to ignore the fact that the job losses started under Bush and stopped under Obama, it's worth noting that in the first three years of the Bush administration, we lost 2.9 million private sector jobs—three times the number of private sector jobs that have been lost during the entire Obama presidency. And at current rates, by the middle of the year, private sector employment under President Obama will likely be higher than it was when he took office. Compare that with Bush who over the course of eight years presided over an economy that lost more than six hundred thousand private sector jobs.

These comparisons with Bush might not be relevant if Mitt Romney weren't running on the exact same economic platform as Bush, but he is. And cherry picking facts without presenting them in their broader context doesn't change that one bit.

(Data: Total employment. Private sector employment.)                                                                                                                                                                   0236447-88d18d7e4e346e70c3e929e13376ecbf.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001473 00000000000 015150  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A number of Premier League clubs are tracking French defender Sega Coulibaly, Sky Sports understands.

Coulibaly is highly regarded in France and is rated as one of the best prospects in his homeland after coming through the ranks at Rennes.

The powerful central defender has represented France at all age levels from U16 to U18s and he has caught the eye for his country.

Coulibaly was a regular in Rennes' reserve team last season and he is expected to break into the first team next season.

The likes of Newcastle and Liverpool are thought to have watched Coulibaly and they are keeping tabs on his progress as they weigh up moves to bring him to England.

Fiorentina and Sevilla are also chasing Coulibaly and, although Rennes are determined to keep the teenager, they are bracing themselves for offers for the defender.                                                                                                                                                                                                     0236436-dac1be6af5e8c2644c98edad582e634f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003114 00000000000 015424  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A victim of sex abuse says allowing an alleged abuser to cross-examine their victim will stop people coming forward.

The proposal is contained in a draft document from Tusla, outlining new policy and procedures when dealing with victims of abuse.

The draft document was published in today's Irish Examiner, and has been criticised by social workers.

The Child and Family Agency says it aims to ensure social workers are aware of their duty regarding fair procedures, and to ensure court cases do not fail because incorrect procedures were followed by staff.

In a statement, Tusla said a "working group comprising social work practitioners and managers has been set up to more closely examine the issues arising from the implementation of this policy. This work is near completion and any recommendations will be given careful consideration.”

Fiona Doyle, who suffered years of sexual abuse at the hands of her father, says it gives power back to the abuser.

Speaking on Newstalk Lunchtime this afternoon, she said "when a victim stands up and makes a complaint against their abuser, they are reclaiming their power, because they never had the choice as a child when it was being done to them".

She said the proposal would give an abuser "the chance to have power over their victims - which is something they've had for years," she added.

You can listen back to Fiona Doyle on Lunchtime below. She started by saying the proposal published today 'beggars belief':

The draft document has also been widely criticised by social workers.

Dónal O'Malley is chair of the Irish Association of Social Workers:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0236426-01ba2a431aa5b567fc402bf299894e1a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004671 00000000000 015102  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Shop by Brand 2 Guys Beard Co. 444 4711 7am Abbate Y La Mantia Above the Tie Ach Brito Acqua di Parma Alvarez Gómez Barbería Ariana & Evans Arko Astra Australian Private Reserve Baili Razors Barrister and Mann Baume.BE Bello Bic Big Ben Bison Blackland Black Ship Grooming Co. Boker Bolzano Brother's Artisan Oil Bruce Gregory Custom Blades Captain's Choice Captain Fawcett Carnavis Richardson Castle Forbes Catie's Bubbles Cella Chatillon Lux Chiseled Face Chosera CJB Clubman Colonel Conk Croma Crux Supply Co. Crystal Czech & Speake Damn Handsome Grooming Co. Dapper Dan Declaration Grooming Derby Detroit Beard Collective Detroit Grooming Company Dorco Dovo Dr. Jon's D.R. Harris Edwin Jagger Eleven Shaving Elvado Erasmic Ezra Arthur Fatip Feather Fine Accoutrements Firehouse Moustache Wax Firsthand Supply Fisticuffs Flagship Pomade Co. Floid Frank Shaving Gem Geo F. Trumper Gillette Godrej Grand Bay Grant's Pomades H.L. Thater Haslinger Henri et Victoria Hey Joe HJM I Coloniali iKon Razors Irving Barber Co. Jimbob's Grizzly Beard Care Kai Kent Knightsbridge Krampert's Finest Ladas La Savonniere du Moulin LA Shaving Soap Co. Lather Bros. La Toja Layrite Le père Lucien LEA Lockhart's Pomade Lord Lucky Tiger Lustray Mad Viking Beard Co Maggard Razors Marvis Meißner Tremonia Merkur Mickey Lee Soapworks Mike's Natural Soaps Ming Shi Mitchell's Wool Fat Mongoose Razors Mountain Mike Muhle Myrsol Naniwa Noble Otter Soap Co. Nostalgic Grooming O'Douds Pomade & Grooming Ogallala Old Spice Oleo Soapworks Omega Parker Penhaligon's Permasharp Personna Polsilver Pré de Provence Primordial Beard Oil Proraso Prospectors Pomades Premier Strop Co Range Leather Co. Rapira Ralf Aust Raw Shaving Reuzel Rex Supply Co. Rockwell Razors Royall Lyme Bermuda Saponificio Varesino Scottish Fine Soaps Semogue Shannon's Soaps Shapton Sharpening Supplies Shark Sharp Shavex Shear Revival Pomades Shiner Gold Siliski Soaps Simpson Smoky Mountain Beard Co. Soap Commander Speick St. James of London Standard Razors Stirling Soap Co. Storybook Soapworks Southern Witchcrafts Suavecito Pomades Super-Max Supply Provision Co Tabac Tabula Rasa Taconic Taylor of Old Bond Ted Pella Texas Beard Company H. L. Thater Shaving Brushes Thayers The Piccadilly Shaving Company The Sudsy Soapery Through the Fire Fine Craft Tiki Bar Soaps Timeless Razor Topaz Treet Truefitt & Hill Turtleship Shave Co Uncle Jon's Valobra Van Yulay Vie Long Voskhod Wet Shaving Products Wholly Kaw Wilkinson XPEC Zorrik                                                                       0236181-da655f8701d03fecc2583d8f3164fec8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001360 00000000000 015202  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Beyond likes

The reason why we have wrong judgment of things is that we do not look deeply into them to see what they are, but conceive a liking for them or a dislike of them from the very first glance, judging by appearances. These likes and dislikes prejudice our mind and darken it; and so it cannot form a right judgment of things as they really are. So, my brother, if you wish to be free of this prelest, or spiritual delusion, in your mind, keep strict attention over yourself; and when you see a thing with your eyes, or visualise it in your mind, keep a firm grip on your desires and do not allow yourself at the first glance either to conceive a liking for the thing or a dislike for it, but examine it in a detached way with the mind alone.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0236478-e20e664e13352f159a2377bb0d16ee48.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001617 00000000000 014762  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Asus has announced that its Transformer Pad TF300 will be updated to Android 4.2 Jelly Bean in the US today, making it the first device outside of Google's Nexus program to receive the software. Other regions get the upgrade, which will roll out over the air and also includes updated versions of some bundled Asus apps, later this month. There's no word on exactly which build users will receive, though it may be too soon to expect the recent bug fixes from Android 4.2.2.

Asus has a history of providing its devices with relatively speedy updates; the Transformer Pad got Android 4.1 soon after the software's announcement, for example, and the company says its "very close" relationship with Google helps it in this regard. Not all its products are quite so lucky, however — Asus also announced that the Transformer Pad Infinity, MeMO Pad Smart, and MeMO Pad will have to wait until Q2 for their updates.                                                                                                                 0236389-0b37db3c2e841bf6908a2f1b77acd69a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006307 00000000000 015264  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Remember to check back for updates on a regular basis.

When free agency officially opens today, the reports will begin coming in fast and furious. Keep it here for all the latest reports and rumors that affect the Cowboys, whether it be for their own free agents, those they are looking to sign, signings that affect the Cowboys, or just the rumors of the destinations of the top free agent players.

Cowboys Free Agents

[UPDATE]: Per Adam Caplan, Lance Dunbar is visiting the 49ers.

[UPDATE]: Matt Cassel has signed with the Titans. Could mean a comp pick for him.

#Titans, per source, have agreed to 1-year deal with QB Matt Cassell. Adds depth, experience to position. — John Glennon (@glennonsports) March 9, 2016

Rolando McClain has agreed to a deal that will keep him in Dallas with the Cowboys.

Reported Cowboys Interest

[UPDATE]: Nick Eatman of DallasCowboys.com is reporting that both DT Cerdric Thornton and QB Matt Moore are scheduled for a visit in Dallas.

[UPDATE]:

The #Cowboys and #Seahawks are among the teams interested in #Eagles DL Cedric Thornton. His market's starting to heat up. — Rand Getlin (@Rand_Getlin) March 9, 2016

[UPDATE]: Jason Cole of Bleacher Report claims many teams are in on Bengals WR Mohamed Sanu, including the Cowboys.

Former Rams DE Chris Long, who visited Washington this week, is scheduled to visit the Cowboys, Adam Shefter reports, though Clarence Hill reports that no specific date has been set yet. Long does not count as a compensatory free agent, as he was released by the Rams.

The Cowboys, Patriots & Ravens are interested in Jets RB Bilal Powell.

The Falcons are trying to get a deal done with OLB O'Brien Schofield, but Schofield also is generating interest from the Cowboys, Bears, and Titans.

Bryan Broaddus has been promoting Falcons DE Adrian Claiborn as a potential free agent target.

Signings that affect the Cowboys

[UPDATE]:

The #Falcons are keeping Adrian Clayborn to a 2-year deal, source said. He gets $9M base with a chance to make $14M — Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) March 10, 2016

[UPDATE]: Victor Cruz has signed a new deal with the Giants. Reports have it as heavily incentive laden, based on playing time.

[UPDATE]: The Giants have signed Olivier Vernon.

Reported as 5 years, $85 million, $52.5m guaranteed.. Just . . . wow. https://t.co/wi2MUsrJsz — Tom Ryle (@TomRyleBTB) March 9, 2016

[UPDATE] The Texans signed Lamar Miller to a 4-year, $26 million deal that includes $14 million fully guaranteed,

[UPDATE] Eagles and QB Chase Daniel agreed in principle on multi-year deal (via @AdamSchefter & @caplannfl).

Washington has released quarterback Robert Griffin III

Colt McCoy has agreed to stay in Washington as the backup QB.

Matt Hasselbeck has officially retired.

Eric Weddle has a short list of desired landing spots, and the Cowboys are not on it.

DeMarco Murray has been traded to the Tennessee Titans

Sources tell Ed Werder that the Dolphins Eagles trade involving Byron Maxwell, Kiko Alonzo may be off because of concerns about Maxwell's shoulder injury, but Maxwell's agent says the deal is going through.

Jason Pierre-Paul is staying with the Giants on a 1-year deal

Eagles sign CB Leodis McKelvin, the Cowboys would have been next on his list of visits.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0236480-c6ca1cc46d64a4ace2ba83f97c48e28f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003520 00000000000 015415  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        After spending nearly two decades in space, the NASA’s Cassini spacecraft is about to begin the final stage of its long journey.

During the final chapter of its mission, dubbed Grand Finale by NASA, Cassini is expected to perform a series of dives into the previously unexplored territory between Saturn and its rings.

The spacecraft is expected to perform a total of 22 such weekly orbits, according to NASA’s official website.

Then, approximately on September 15, Cassini will begin its final dive straight into Saturn’s atmosphere, relaying valuable scientific data until the end even as the spacecraft burns like a meteor.

NASA researchers believe that this final stage of Cassini’s mission will help provide detailed maps of Saturn's gravity and help learn more about the rings’ composition, not to mention supplying stunning close-up images of Saturn and its rings.

It should be noted that NASA researchers decided to effectively scuttle Cassini because the spacecraft is currently running low on fuel and therefore the ground control slowly loses the ability to adjust the vessel’s course, creating the possibility of collision with Saturn’s moons Titan and Enceladus. And because it became apparent that both moons have the potential "to contain habitable – or at least "prebiotic" – environments", the scientists decided to dispose of Cassini in Saturn’s atmosphere rather than risk it contaminating the moons’ environments and thus hampering any future studies of these celestial bodies.

Cassini-Huygens is a joint effort between NASA, the European Space Agency (ESA) and the Italian Space Agency (ASI). Launched in 1997, the spacecraft Cassini arrived at its destination in 2004 and since then has been studying Saturn and its moons from orbit.

Huygens, a probe carried by Cassini, landed on Saturn’s largest moon, Titan, in 2005.                                                                                                                                                                                0236528-56997bf99580eee996e44f79a6d31c4e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020571 00000000000 015121  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Inflation accounting comprises a range of accounting models designed to correct problems arising from historical cost accounting in the presence of high inflation and hyperinflation.[1] [2] For example, in countries experiencing hyperinflation the International Accounting Standards Board requires corporations to implement financial capital maintenance in units of constant purchasing power in terms of the monthly published Consumer Price Index. This does not result in capital maintenance in units of constant purchasing power since that can only be achieved in terms of a daily index.

Historical cost basis in financial statements [ edit ]

Fair value accounting (also called replacement cost accounting or current cost accounting) was widely used in the 19th and early 20th centuries, but historical cost accounting became more widespread after values overstated during the 1920s were reversed during the Great Depression of the 1930s. Most principles of historical cost accounting were developed after the Wall Street Crash of 1929, including the presumption of a stable currency.[3]

Measuring unit principle [ edit ]

Under a historical cost-based system of accounting, inflation leads to two basic problems. First, many of the historical numbers appearing on financial statements are not economically relevant because prices have changed since they were incurred. Second, since the numbers on financial statements represent dollars expended at different points of time and, in turn, embody different amounts of purchasing power, they are simply not additive. Hence, adding cash of $10,000 held on December 31, 2002, with $10,000 representing the cost of land acquired in 1955 (when the price level was significantly lower) is a dubious operation because of the significantly different amount of purchasing power represented by the two numbers.[4]

By adding dollar amounts that represent different amounts of purchasing power, the resulting sum is misleading, as one would be adding 10,000 dollars to 10,000 Euros to get a total of 20,000. Likewise subtracting dollar amounts that represent different amounts of purchasing power may result in an apparent capital gain which is actually a capital loss. If a building purchased in 1970 for $20,000 is sold in 2006 for $200,000 when its replacement cost is $300,000, the apparent gain of $180,000 is illusory.

Misleading reporting under historical cost accounting [ edit ]

"In most countries, primary financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis of accounting without regard either to changes in the general level of prices or to increases in specific prices of assets held, except to the extent that property, plant and equipment and investments may be revalued."[5]

Ignoring general price level changes in financial reporting creates distortions in financial statements such as[5]

reported profits may exceed the earnings that could be distributed to shareholders without impairing the company's ongoing operations

the asset values for inventory, equipment and plant do not reflect their economic value to the business

future earnings are not easily projected from historical earnings

the impact of price changes on monetary assets and liabilities is not clear

future capital needs are difficult to forecast and may lead to increased leverage, which increases the business's risk

when real economic performance is distorted, these distortions lead to social and political consequences that damage businesses (examples: poor tax policies and public misconceptions regarding corporate behavior)

History of inflation accounting [ edit ]

Accountants in the United Kingdom and the United States have discussed the effect of inflation on financial statements since the early 1900s, beginning with index number theory and purchasing power. Irving Fisher's 1911 book The Purchasing Power of Money was used as a source by Henry W. Sweeney in his 1936 book Stabilized Accounting, which was about Constant Purchasing Power Accounting. This model by Sweeney was used by The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for their 1963 research study (ARS6) Reporting the Financial Effects of Price-Level Changes, and later used by the Accounting Principles Board (USA), the Financial Standards Board (USA), and the Accounting Standards Steering Committee (UK). Sweeney advocated using a price index that covers everything in the gross national product. In March 1979, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) wrote Constant Dollar Accounting, which advocated using the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (CPI-U) to adjust accounts because it is calculated every month.[6]

During the Great Depression, some corporations restated their financial statements to reflect inflation. At times during the past 50 years,[when?] standard-setting organizations have encouraged companies to supplement cost-based financial statements with price-level adjusted statements. During a period of high inflation in the 1970s, the FASB was reviewing a draft proposal for price-level adjusted statements when the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued ASR 190, which required approximately 1,000 of the largest US corporations to provide supplemental information based on replacement cost. The FASB withdrew the draft proposal.[7]

IAS 29 Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies is the International Accounting Standard Board's inflation accounting model authorized in April 1989. It is the inflation accounting model required in International Financial Reporting Standards implemented in 174 countries.

Models [ edit ]

Inflation accounting is not fair value accounting. Inflation accounting, also called price level accounting, is similar to converting financial statements into another currency using an exchange rate. Under some (not all) inflation accounting models, historical costs are converted to price-level adjusted costs using general or specific price indexes.[8]

Income statement general price-level adjustment example[9]

On the income statement, depreciation is adjusted for changes in general price levels based on a general price index.

2001 2002 2003 Total Revenue 33,000 36,302 39,931 109,233 Depreciation 30,000 31,500 (a) 33,000 (b) 94,500 Operating income 3,000 4,802 6,931 14,733 Purchasing power loss - 1,500 (c) 3,000 (d) 4,500 Net income 3,000 3,302 3,931 10,233

(a) 30,000 x 105/100 = 31,500 (b) 30,000 x 110/100 = 33,000 (c) (30,000 x 105/100) - 30,000 = 1,500 (d) (63,000 x 110/105) - 63,000 = 3,000

Constant-dollar accounting [ edit ]

Constant-dollar accounting is an accounting model that converts nonmonetary assets and equities from historical dollars to current dollars using a general price index. This is similar to a currency conversion from old dollars to new dollars. Monetary items are not adjusted, so they gain or lose purchasing power. There are no holding gains or losses recognized in converting values.[10]

International standard for hyperinflationary accounting [ edit ]

The International Accounting Standards Board defines hyperinflation in IAS 29 as: "the cumulative inflation rate over three years is approaching, or exceeds, 100%." [11]

Companies are required to restate their historical cost financial reports in terms of the period end hyperinflation rate in order to make these financial reports more meaningful.[12] [13] [14]

The restatement of historical cost financial statements in terms of IAS 29 does not signify the abolishment of the historical cost model. This is confirmed by PricewaterhouseCoopers: "Inflation-adjusted financial statements are an extension to, not a departure from, historical cost accounting." [15]

IAS 29 Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies is the IASB´s inflation accounting model authorized in April 1989. IAS 29 requires the implementation of financial capital maintenance in units of constant purchasing power in terms of the monthly published CPI. That requirement does not result in actual capital maintenance in units of constant purchasing power since that can only be achieved with following all changes in the general price level; i.e., at least daily changes. The ineffectiveness of IAS 29 was clearly demonstrated with its implementation during the final 8 years of hyperinflation in Zimbabwe. IAS 29 had no positive effect in Zimbabwe: the Zimbabwean economy imploded on 20 November 2008 with full implementation of IAS 29. The IASB has not yet changed IAS 29 to require daily indexing.

See also [ edit ]

Notes and references [ edit ]

Sources                                                                                                                                       0236442-efa0162fef0b9bc66cd679b909a30562.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007025 00000000000 015177  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        BREAKING UPDATE - 6:40 p.m. on April 25

Sources say Mexican drug cartel connection eyed in Piketon executions

A law enforcement source confirmed that investigators found roughly 200 marijuana plants growing inside one of the four crime scenes where eight people were killed Friday in Pike County. The Pike County Prosecutor said investigators also found two marijuana crops growing outdoors.

The source said the size of operation indicates it was being grown for sale, not for personal use.

A second law enforcement source said that investigators are looking at numerous avenues as a motive for the killings among them is whether there is a Mexican drug cartel connection, a possible drug turf war or a family feud.

---

Original Story

The slayings of eight family members in rural southern Ohio was a "pre-planned execution," authorities said Sunday, telling residents they are safe but to arm themselves if they're fearful.

The Friday killings at four homes near Piketon was "a sophisticated operation," Attorney General Mike DeWine said at a news conference in the small community that has been on edge since seven adults and one teenage boy were found shot in the head.

Authorities remained tight-lipped Sunday about details of the investigation, any suspects or motives for the crime. They said they found marijuana operations at three of the crime scenes, but didn't say if the deaths were linked to pot.

At one of the homes, investigators found hundreds of marijuana plants, including two indoor grow operations and a third outside.

Pike County Sheriff Charles Reader said that in his 20 years in law enforcement, he never interacted with the Rhoden family "in a criminal nature." He said it was clear the family was targeted, however, and he's told the victims' relatives to arm themselves.

Reader said he didn't believe safety was an issue for others, but he said "If you are fearful, arm yourself."

Authorities have been scrambling to determine who targeted the clan and why. Investigators have interviewed between 50 and 60 people in hopes of finding leads, and a team of 38 people is combing wooded areas around the shooting scenes to ensure no evidence was missed, authorities said.

DeWine said the state's crime lab was looking at 18 pieces of evidence from a DNA and ballistic standpoint, and five search warrants have been executed. Autopsies were expected to be completed Monday.

"This was very methodical. This was well planned. This was not something that just happened," said Reader, noting most victims were targeted while they were sleeping.

The victims were identified Saturday as 40-year-old Christopher Rhoden Sr.; his 16-year-old son, Christopher Rhoden Jr.; 44-year-old Kenneth Rhoden; 38-year-old Gary Rhoden; 37-year-old Dana Rhoden; 20-year-old Clarence "Frankie" Rhoden; 20-year-old Hannah Gilley; and 19-year-old Hanna Rhoden.

Hanna Rhoden was in bed with her newborn baby nearby, authorities said. The infant was 4- or 5-days old. The newborn, Hannah Gilley's 6-month-old baby, and one other small child were not hurt.

Since the slayings, authorities have refused to discuss many details of the crime, a potential motive, weapons, or the search for the assailant or assailants.

"We don't know whether it was one or more people involved in this," DeWine said.

More than 100 tips have been given to investigators, who've set up a number for people to call as police seek information about the crimes. A Cincinnati-area businessman also put up a $25,000 reward for details leading to the capture and conviction of the killer or killers.

Complete coverage:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0236496-451989e6e9d68fd7ab74434e2a1db019.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003476 00000000000 015074  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Arsene Wenger has confirmed Arsenal are trying to sign Cologneâs Lukas Podolski, and expressed his belief that the forward could fire his side to a league title challenge next season.

Game-changer: Podolski is wanted by Arsenal boss Wenger (Picture: AFP/Getty)

The Gunners have been heavily linked to the German striker since January, and recent reports claimed the 26-year-old had already passed a medical with the north Londoners with the transfer expected to be announced within the week.

Although Wenger played down these suggestions before the 3-0 win over Aston Villa , the Frenchman has now uncharacteristically admitted his desire to bring Podolski to the Emirates, which suggests an agreement may not be far away.

âYes [we want Podolski],â said Wenger.

âWe want to add some offensive strikers, because many times people say we rely too much on Van Persie, which is true, but if we can find world-class players, we will [challenge for the title].â

Flying high: Arteta gives seals Arsenal’s seventh consecutive win (Picture: AFP/Getty Images)

Wenger also pointed to two key moments in the season, which he believes has painted an inaccurate position of the Gunners capabilities.

Advertisement

Advertisement

âI just felt we had two weak periods in the season and you can only afford one,â he continued.âI knew when we were 17th [in August] that we cannot afford any weak periods anymore, so when that happened in January it was very difficult.âIf you look at the circumstances of the [second] blip, it was down to the fact we had no full-backs. Overall since October, since the team has gelled, we are not on too bad a run.âManchester City have had the opposite; they started in the way we are now. It is difficult for everyone to maintain that.â

PICTURES: Arsenal 3-0 Aston Villa                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236530-0878de3938ac6c4e107e095b18b9ac19.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004506 00000000000 015046  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        House Republicans have had a laserlike focus on dismantling various forms of federal regulations this month, the centerpiece of their job creation agenda.

But on Thursday the chamber pivoted back to another topic that has been the subject of various pieces of legislation this year: how to reduce access to abortions though federal health insurance programs.

Under the Protect Life Act, which passed the House 251 to 172 Thursday night, no health insurance policy that offers abortion coverage could be purchased with federal money made available through the new health care law. Current federal law prohibits plans in the Federal Employee Health Benefits Program from covering abortion. The new bill would apply the same rule to plans in the newly created health exchanges, which are subsidized with federal government tax credits.

The legislation has almost no chance of being brought to the Senate floor, and President Obama is certain to veto it should it ever pass both chambers. The House has brought a few bills aimed at limiting abortion access to the floor since Republicans took control in January.

The bill presented Thursday also says that the federal government may not discriminate against health care providers that refuse to provide abortions by refusing them federal funds under the health care law.

Opponents of the bill interpret that to mean that health care providers that receive Medicaid or Medicare funds would be permitted, under the law, to refuse abortions even in life threatening conditions, essentially placing the rights of the hospitals to refuse over the existing rights of a patient for an abortion.

“I can’t even describe to you the logic of what it is that they are doing,” said Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the minority leader. “I just know that you’ll see a large number of women on the floor today fighting for women’s health issues as well as to point out how savage this is about withholding care for a woman because of this legislation.”

Andrew Wimer, a spokesman for Representative Joe Pitts of Pennsylvania, the sponsor of the bill, said there was no precedent of a doctor refusing an abortion to a woman who later died; they also argue that the point of the bill is to cut off all forms of federal funds for abortion providers, not to deny abortions in the case of a life threatening emergency.                                                                                                                                                                                          0236445-12a570ba5ce84950f9e3c1334707f0f4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005360 00000000000 014753  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As veterans look to build lives beyond the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan, those opting for a career in law now have a chance to attend a growing number of the nation's elite private law schools without paying a dime in tuition.

Federal education aid for people who served in the military after the 2001 terrorist attacks covers the full cost of tuition and fees at public schools. But payments for those who attend private institutions are capped and only cover about 35% to 45% of tuition at the top private law schools, which can cost as much as $55,000 per year.

[summary]

To help close the gap, this fall Stanford Law School, New York University School of Law and Columbia Law School are maxing out their contributions to a government matching plan known as the Yellow Ribbon program that provides qualifying veterans with additional money to supplement the benefits offered under the GI Bill. Essentially, the schools have pledged to cover half the remaining tuition and fees, and the Department of Veterans Affairs will pay the rest. Veterans must have served at least 36 months of active duty since Sept. 11, 2001 and have been honorably discharged to be eligible for the aid, which comes from agreements between the department and participating private schools.

The move is a shift from the sometimes fractious relations between some elite universities and the military that date back to the Vietnam War and run through recent debates over the treatment of gay personnel.

Reaching out to veterans carries multiple advantages for law schools. There are public relations and marketing benefits to helping cover the cost of enrollment for veterans at a time when concerns about rising tuition are running high. The payments can also help schools recruit high-quality students they otherwise might have lost to public competitors without too much damage to the bottom line.

Other private schools, including Duke University School of Law and Northwestern University Law School, have also ramped up financial aid for former members of the armed forces, raising award amounts or increasing the number of veterans who can receive the benefits.

The Department of Veterans Affairs limits education aid for veterans attending private, foreign or out-of-state schools; this year the limit for most former service members is about $19,000 a year. That is despite the fact that some top public graduate programs—such as UC Berkeley School of Law—charge nearly as much as private ones.

For law school, the difference between what standard veterans benefits cover and the full cost of tuition at a private institution can come to more than $25,000 per year, although many veterans also qualify for additional financial aid and other help, such as state grants.

Click for more from WSJ.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0236525-177051f7a5fd7f90c090ac390806d7b1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004447 00000000000 014762  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Supreme Court heard oral arguments today on a case between AT&T and the Federal Communications Commission, revisiting the legal concept of “corporate personhood” last strengthened under the court’s Citizens United ruling on corporate campaign spending. (That controversial ruling has its first anniversary this week.)

The case before the court focuses on whether AT&T, a corporation, can stop government agencies from releasing information obtained for law enforcement purposes by claiming such disclosures would violate the company’s “personal privacy.”

The phrase is included as an exemption in the text of the Freedom of Information Act, a federal law that instructs government agencies on what information to make public. As the SCOTUS blog notes, however, there’s no specific definition of the words “personal privacy,” so it’s not clear whether a corporation can qualify as a person in this case.

The lower court, the Third Circuit in Philadelphia, sided with AT&T in an earlier ruling, stating that corporations are capable of being embarrassed, harassed and stigmatized by public disclosures. If the Supreme Court agrees, it could limit how much information federal agencies are able to release about the companies they’ve investigated. (Here’s Bloomberg, with more background.)

In the appeal before the high court, a review of the briefs in support of each side shows a number of news organizations and government openness and watchdog groups backing up the FCC. Major business groups—namely the National Association of Manufacturers, the Chamber of Commerce and the Business Roundtable—have filed briefs in support of AT&T.

Justice Elena Kagan, it’s worth noting, was solicitor general at the time when the FCC and U.S. government petitioned the Supreme Court to review the AT&T case. She has had to recuse herself from considering it, and should the court split 4-4 without her, the lower court’s decision would stand.





Kagan’s successor as solicitor general, Neal Katyal, has argued that “a corporation itself can no more be embarrassed, harassed, or stigmatized than a stone.”

According to early reports on the day’s proceedings, the high court showed signs that it agreed. A transcript [PDF] of the oral arguments has also been made available.

— By Marian Wang, ProPublica                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0236208-b13dfb4f278cfecfe13298072fa65d06.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003770 00000000000 015263  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        My friend George Wells, who has died aged 90, was a professor and head of German at Birkbeck, University of London. He wrote and edited more than 20 books on German literature and thought, the origin of language and biblical criticism.

Born in London to George Wells, a trader in goods, and his wife, Lilian (nee Bird), he attended Hornsey County school and Stationers’ Company’s school, Hornsey, before embarking on a degree in German at University College London in 1943. He completed this after an interruption for war service in the mines as a Bevin Boy. He went on to gain a PhD from the University of London.

He became a lecturer in German at UCL in 1949, and was appointed head of department at Birkbeck in 1968. He retired in 1988.

George’s views on the historicity of Jesus – which he first denied, then accepted in a qualified form – were controversial. He published nine books on this subject between 1971 and 2009, most notably The Historical Evidence for Jesus (1982). His work in this field generated debate in the US, where he was awarded the title of Humanist Laureate by the International Academy of Humanism in 1983.

Another of his interests, the origin of language, was inspired by the teacher who influenced him most profoundly, the poet and philosopher Ronald Englefield, who taught him at Stationers’. Together with David Oppenheimer, George edited Englefield’s papers in three books.

George was an exacting lecturer, but students were grateful for the meticulous preparation of his materials and his fair judgment, and some became lifelong friends.

Away from academia, George was devoted to rambling, an activity that he shared with his wife, Elisabeth, from their home in St Albans. Rambling was a way of cementing friendships and he frequently had friends join him on his excursions. These were carefully planned to take in the finest views and an excellent pub lunch. They were also enlivened by his expert commentary on the geology of the surrounding countryside.

He is survived by Elisabeth.        0236227-d6672cf521e0b2be85987ef900526c4a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005553 00000000000 015050  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Lobster is pure artistic self indulgence. A film so assured in its style and script to not laud its inventiveness seems like an impossibility (as far as the filmmaker is concerned). Confidence is key and director Yorgos Lanthimos is confident, making few accommodations for the sake of audience patience. The Lobster wants desperately to be remembered for its uncompromising, creative storytelling that would makes the likes of Charlie Kaufman and Wes Anderson proud. Unfortunately, its unique premise and dark humor cannot combat its surprisingly uncompelling plot. For the intellectuals among us who find poignancy from this bizarre tale, all the power to you; for the rest of us, make sure you bring a caffeinated drink.

At its core, The Lobster tackles the desire for companionship, or lack thereof, through the lens of a dystopian society where being single has been outlawed. Some people fear being alone; this ups the ante. If you unceremoniously become single (e.g. divorced, widowed), you are sent to a hotel for 45 days in order to find a new companion. In the event you are unable to find one in the allotted time, you are turned into an animal. As far fetched as this sounds, it is a fascinating world to see in motion and makes for a thought-provoking outline.

The film itself centers around David, played by Colin Farrell, who is recently divorced and in need of a new mate. We follow his progression through the hotel’s “program” as he struggles due to his insipid persona and the social ineptitude of those who inhabit this society. David can be a tough protagonist to relate to and figuring what makes him tick seems futile. The film shines when David interacts with the various guests and employees in the hotel–exploring their pasts are far more interesting than David’s own.

In terms of a genre, The Lobster covers the gamut. Is it a romance? a dramedy? perhaps sci-fi? The film wears many hats and, much to the audience’s chagrin, none fit quite right. This can make for an awkward film going experience; while I laughed a good deal, others may have held back, bemused over the film’s absurdity. The love story introduced midway through is distinct and has its sweet moments, but feels tiresome mostly due to its late entrance.

In a nut shell: If I can use my parents as a barometer, they would say they liked The Lobster, but upon further discussion I would find out they only watched a portion of it. My father would fiercely debate its meaning and appeal, despite being unable to sit through the entire film. The Lobster is artsy to the nth degree and screams ‘independent film’. The world constructed is smart, often hilarious, and unique, but The Lobster spends far too much time being pleased with itself. While I found the first half quite charming and very funny, the second half puts its feet in the ground and drags to the finish line. (2.5 out of 4)

Advertisements                                                                                                                                                     0236504-2fb8204a3213059659619a2c2e0c2445.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005132 00000000000 014512  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Edit: If the video above does not play, please click “Watch on YouTube” or follow this link.

Super Bowl 51 was a tale of two halves. The first half featured the Atlanta Falcons consistently gaining yards through the air with Matt Ryan and Julio Jones. The second half featured Tom Brady’s quick passing game, while the Patriots’ defense smothered the Falcons red-hot offense. At one point in this game, Atlanta had a 98.9% chance of winning, but the team unraveled allowing the Patriots back in the game and an eventual victory.

While Brady deserves the Super Bowl MVP award for leading this historic comeback, down by 25 points, James White deserves almost as much credit for his performance. In this game, he gained 139 total yards, scored three touchdowns, and even broke the Super Bowl record for most receptions with 14.

In this video breakdown, I looked at White’s three touchdowns and discussed his general impact in the game and how New England used him in their offense.

Looking at the game as a whole, the Patriots loved aligning White in the backfield in Shotgun and in Singleback formations. They mainly used him as a flat receiver and underneath checkdown option to find creases in the Falcons’ zone defense.

In addition to breaking the game receptions record, he also broke the record for most points scored in the Super Bowl (20) and tied the records for most touchdowns (3) and most two-point conversions (1).

White has one more season on his rookie contract since he was drafted out of Wisconsin. With Dion Lewis always injured, it will be interesting to see what the Patriots do with the pair of running backs that are so useful on third downs. In my opinion, they don't need to decide on his fate until the following offseason, but he has been a quality piece for them all year and should be moving forward.

There have been very few Super Bowl games I have enjoyed as much as this one. Super Bowl 43 with Santonio Holmes’ touchdown catch, both of New York Giants' wins over the Patriots, and even Super Bowl 49 with Malcolm Butler's incredible, yet painful, interception showcased incredible displays of talent and passion. Looking back at how this game transpired, I will certainly add this game to that list.

As far as the Seattle Seahawks are concerned, the offensive line is a must fix for them over the offseason. They need to look at the offensive tackles available in free agency and the NFL Draft and see if they can find a replacement. If they choose to not find a replacement, then they drastically need George Fant to improve or they won’t have a legitimate shot at making another Super Bowl run.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0236236-f0a43232d4c0d4be05d461fe94ab7b91.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004106 00000000000 015152  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        With just 191 days until the Nov. 4 midterm elections, nervous Democrats are scrambling to find an effective answer to the Obamacare question they may fear the most: “Where is the $2,500 in health insurance savings President Obama and Democrats promised me?”

As the video below demonstrates, President Barack Obama promised numerous times that Obamacare would cut the typical American family’s health insurance premiums by $2,500 per year.

Indeed, the question has already stumped Democratic lawmakers. During a February town hall in Mankato, Minnesota, one citizen asked Sen. Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) and Rep. Tim Walz (D-MN) about the $2,500 Obamacare promise.

“I thought the Affordable Care Act would save $2,500 per family. What happened?”

Klobuchar and Walz sat stunned and silent before laughing at the citizen’s question.

Obamacare has been in effect for over four years but remains deeply unpopular. That means the $2,500 Obamacare question could become the 2014 equivalent of President Ronald Reagan’s famous question: “Are you better off than you were four years ago?”

The overwhelming majority of Americans are facing health insurance premium hikes, not savings. On Thursday, Aetna, America’s third-largest health insurer, announced that customers can expect 2015 premium spikes that in some states will be “over double digits.”

Recent polls show that nearly one in five voters (19%) say a congressional candidate’s position on Obamacare will be the “single most important factor” determining who they will vote for. Worse for Democrats, the all-important Independent voter bloc supports anti-Obamacare candidates by a 25% margin (54% to 29%).

Vulnerable Democrats may worry that last year’s Politifact “Lie of the Year” by President Obama – “If you like your health care plan, you can keep your health care plan” – may come back to haunt them. However, with the sluggish U.S. economy and bleak jobs outlook weighing heavily on voters, the “Where is the $2,500 in savings Democrats and Obama promised me?” question may hit even more voters closer to home.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0236365-244ae80b2916decd3bd48ad2121256a6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002125 00000000000 015073  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        constitutionality

of the

ministerial

ac ts a prob ate cou rt performs,

which

ruling

both a

federal

ap pe ll at e cou rt an d the

Supreme

Court of the Un it ed St at es

have

re fu se d to st ay

pending

ap pe al . In m y

view,

t h e

petition

does

not pr ov id e an

adequate

foundation f o r reach ing

such

a conclusion. Although I

have

concerns

reg ar din g the pr oc ed ur al aspects of the

petition

before

this

Cou rt, I expr ess no o p i n i o n as to the correctness of the

federal

district

court's

ruling.

This

petition

will

not decide the

dispositive

issue--whether

Alabama's

laws

prohibiting

same-sex

marriage

violate

the United States

Constitution.

That

issue

will

instead

soon

be

conclusively

decided by the

Supreme

Court o f the U ni te d

States.

With

the is sue i n i t s present

juridical

posture, I

would

urge

restraint

a n d

would

urge

this

Court not to

interject

more

confusion

into

what

i s al re ad y a ver y con fus ing

situation,

which

confusion could

result

i n embroiling

more

probate

judges

i n

federal                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0236538-2dd1797578b9d861373b13e854578f20.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015020 00000000000 014564  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        If there were indeed a "moderate majority," when a poll comes out saying that a quarter of your community wants fundamentally to alter the law of the land and live under Sharia, the other 75% would spend their time trying to change the opinions of that quarter. Instead, about 74% of the 75% not in favour of sharia spend their time covering for the 25% and attacking the polling company which discovered them.

If I had always known my "community" harboured such views, and a poll revealing this truth came out, I would be deeply ashamed. But when such polls emerge about the opinions of British Muslims, is that there is never any hint of introspection. There is no shame and no concern, only attack.

A new poll of British Muslims found that a majority hold views with which most British people would disagree. For instance, 52% of British Muslims think that homosexuality should be made illegal. An earlier poll found that 27% of British Muslims have "some sympathy for the motives behind the attacks" at the offices of the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo last year.

One often hears about the "moderate Muslim majority." 'After any terrorist attack, politicians tell us that, "The moderate majority of Muslims utterly condemn this." After any outrage, commentators and pundits spring up to say, "Of course the vast majority of Muslims are moderate." But is it true? Are the vast majority of Muslims really "moderate"?

A number of factors suggest perhaps not -- most obviously the problem repeatedly revealed by opinion polls. Time and again, the results of opinion polls in the Western world, never mind in the Middle East or North Africa, show a quite different picture from the "moderate majority" aquatint.

True, such polls can often show that, for instance, only 27% of British Muslims have "some sympathy for the motives behind the attacks" at the offices of the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo last year. True, that is only between a quarter and a third of British Muslims sympathizing with the blasphemy enforcement squad. On other occasions, such as recently in Britain with a new ICM poll commissioned by Channel 4, they find that a majority of Muslims hold views with which most British people would disagree. So for instance, the recent ICM poll found that 52% of British Muslims think that homosexuality should be made illegal. That's a striking figure. Not 52% of British Muslims saying homosexuality is "not their cup of tea" or that they are "not entirely on board with gay marriage," but 52% of British Muslims thinking that homosexuality should be made a crime under the law.

But it is what happens after such polls emerge that the "moderate majority" idea really comes under strain. First, of course, there is always an attempt to put a positive spin on the results. So for instance, when the post-Charlie Hebdo poll came out last year, the BBC (which had commissioned the poll) ran it with the headline, "Most British Muslims 'oppose Muhammad cartoon reprisals.'" Although true, it is not the most striking aspect of its findings. But it is what happens next that is most revealing and more truly calls into question whether we are really dealing with a "moderate majority" or, more truthfully, with a "moderate minority." Because whenever the results come out, nearly the entire Muslim community, including nearly all Muslims in the media and all self-appointed groups of "Muslim community leaders," try to prove that the poll is a fraud. It happened with the release of the ICM poll in the UK, as it has happened with every previous poll. With the exception of only one or two prominent dissident Muslims, every Muslim voice in the media and every Muslim group decided not to concern themselves with the ICM findings, but to try to pull apart the validity, methodology and even 'motives' of the poll. This is deeply revealing.

It is worth trying a thought-experiment here. Whatever community you come from, imagine your reaction if a poll like the ICM one on British Muslims had come out about whatever community you feel a part of. Imagine you are a Jew and a poll had come out saying the majority of other Jews in your country want to make being gay a crime. What would your first reaction be? My impression is that most Jews would be deeply embarrassed. Very shortly after that first reaction, you might begin to wonder what could be done to change such a terrible statistic around. It is possible, if you knew nobody of your faith who thought that homosexuality should be criminalized and had never come across this position before (or any previous polling which suggested the same thing) that you might question the credibility and methodology of the poll. But otherwise, you would probably sigh and wonder what could be done to improve things. If you knew the findings to be fairly accurate, why would you try to tear apart the findings?

Likewise, if tomorrow a poll were published of the opinions of white British people of Christian upbringing in the UK, I would take some interest in it. If it revealed that 39% of British Christians believed that wives should always obey their husbands (as the ICM poll showed British Muslims believe) then I would have some worries. If it also found that almost a quarter (23%) of British people of Christian origin wanted areas of the UK to divest themselves of the law of the land and be run instead on some Biblical literalist "take" on the law, I would worry some more.

Of course, neither of these eventualities is remotely likely to arise. But let us say that it did. What would be my reaction? The first would be to hang my head in shame. And I would hang it just that bit lower if the findings came as absolutely no surprise to me. If I had always known my "community" harboured such views, and a poll revealing this truth came out, I would be deeply ashamed that what I had always known was now known by everyone else in the country.

What is most interesting then, when such polls emerge about the opinions of British Muslims, is that there is never, ever, any hint of such introspection. There is no shame and no concern, only attack. If there were indeed a "moderate majority," then when a poll comes out saying that a quarter of your community wants fundamentally to alter the law of the land and live under Sharia law, the other 75% would spend their time trying to change the opinions of that quarter. Instead, about 74% of the 75% not in favour of sharia spend their time covering for the 25% and attacking the polling company which discovered them. It is a tiny symptom of a much larger problem, the repercussions of which our societies have hardly begun to face.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0236378-e89bb62f77d6171aa3dafde1296484be.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003431 00000000000 015273  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Oxygen on a planet might be a sign of life, but in two peculiar white dwarf stars it could indicate a narrow escape from a violent death. Their oxygen content marks them as failed stellar bombs – the remnants of stars that almost went supernova.

The new stars are among thousands of white dwarfs picked up by the Sloane Digital Sky Survey. Like all white dwarfs they are the dead, cooling cores left behind by mainstream stars, and are mainly made of helium. Usually the second most plentiful ingredient is carbon – but when a group of astronomers led by Boris Gänsicke at the University of Warwick, UK, analysed the spectrum of light from these two white dwarfs, they found that the objects hold far more oxygen than carbon.

“It’s extreme – these things look very different from any white dwarfs we’ve seen before,” says team member Danny Steeghs.

Creating so much oxygen requires a nuclear furnace fiercer than that needed for a carbon-rich mixture, so the stars that spawned these white dwarfs must have been hot and massive. Simulations suggest that they must have been almost too big to end their days gently – any larger, and they would have grown a core so massive and dense that it would inevitably have collapsed, releasing enough energy to blow the rest of the star apart in a supernova explosion.

Advertisement

The critical mass needed to create such a supernova is thought to be between 7 and 10 times that of the sun. These almost-bombs might help astrophysicists to pin down the threshold more precisely, and Gänsicke hopes to use the Very Large Telescope in Chile’s Atacama Desert to get a clearer spectrum and reveal their chemistry in more detail. “It will give the theoreticians something to work with,” he says.

Journal reference: Science, DOI: 10.1126/science.1180228                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236470-90376ea96190c675e2b788730cbcaa91.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003570 00000000000 014770  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Maryland House Judiciary Committee is considering a bill that would allow law enforcement officials to obtain location records from mobile devices without a search warrant.

Opponents of the legislation said during a House judiciary committee hearing on Tuesday that House Bill 377 lowers the standard of probable cause law enforcement officials must meet before obtaining cell phone tracking information. But supporters say the proposed legislation will provide a uniform standard across the state for obtaining real-time location information of an individual involved in an investigation.

In 2012, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that law enforcement must obtain a search warrant before using GPS technology to track criminal suspects. While the ruling did not impose a warrant requirement or a probable cause standard for obtaining real-time location records, both practices became commonplace in several of the state jurisdictions, including the city of Baltimore, for obtaining real-time location information records.

Cell phones register their positions with cell towers dozens of times a day, and mobile carriers are retaining location data on their customers.

A comprehensive log of person's whereabouts over time can deny a resident of their Fourth Amendment right to privacy, opponents of the bill said during the hearing.

"The ACLU of Maryland opposes HB377," said Sara Love," public policy director for the organization. "Regardless of this probable cause language that has been put in, the standard is really a much lower one."

But law enforcement officials applaud the bill, saying it is not overly intrusive and that it could aid police in tracking the whereabouts of an abducted child or missing person.

"We are not going on to property or attaching a device to a car, we are getting records from a third party service provider," said Kim Oldham, deputy state's attorney for Howard County.                                                                                                                                        0236574-317106928a3d82ed4852eafdf2b25c00.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011773 00000000000 015035  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Denis O'Brien has said he will suffer irreparable harm, personally and financially, if RTÉ broadcasts a report on his private banking arrangements with the Irish Bank Resolution Corporation.

He has begun his application to the High Court to stop RTÉ broadcasting the report, which was originally due to go out at the beginning of this month.

In sworn documents submitted to the court, he said there was nothing untoward in his banking affairs.

But he said, in principle, it would be a clear breach of his constitutional right to privacy to broadcast his personal banking affairs.

His lawyers told the court the information Mr O'Brien wanted to protect was private and confidential.

Mr O'Brien was described as a major debtor of the IBRC.

Mr Justice Donald Binchy granted an application by lawyers for Mr O'Brien and by the IBRC to impose limited reporting restrictions on the case.

He said it would fly in the face of common sense for reportage to be permitted unabated in an application such as this.

He said it would render the application entirely pointless.

He said he noted that Mr O'Brien had not asked for the case to be held in camera and was not seeking anonymity.

He said the fact that Mr O'Brien was seeking the restrictions only until the proceedings had finished was a further significant factor.

He said he also noted the restraint with which RTÉ had dealt with the matter.

The court heard the reporting restrictions apply to certain matters highlighted in the documents sworn by RTÉ's Business Editor, David Murphy. But that there are three caveats.

The court ruled reports could refer to Mr O'Brien as a major debtor of IBRC.

It was also permitted to report what Deputy Catherine Murphy said about Mr O'Brien in the Dáil.

She said his loans had expired and he had apparently written to Kieran Wallace in his role of special liquidator seeking the same terms as IBRC had allowed - that is to pay off his loans in his own time, with low interest rates.

The court ruled it could also be reported that RTÉ did not know how the issue was resolved.

Senior counsel Michael Cush said there was no dispute between the sides but that the information was private and confidential.

He said there was no suggestion by RTÉ that Mr O'Brien was guilty of any wrongdoing or that he had done anything wrong in any way.

He said RTÉ had emphasised that the intended broadcast was not really about Mr O'Brien personally but he said it proposed to disclose personal confidential information about his banking affairs.

He said the reporter, Mr Murphy, had said the focus of the report was not so much on the personal finances of Mr O'Brien but on the governance of IBRC.

He said RTÉ could have published that story without naming Mr O'Brien.

He said the suggestion being made by RTÉ was that Mr O'Brien was collateral damage.

Mr Cush said that in responding to Mr O'Brien, RTÉ had decided through the documents sworn by Mr Murphy to make public the entire script of the proposed report and additional personal information.

He said this was a wholly unnecessary approach. And he said it was a conscious and deliberate approach by RTÉ.

He said RTÉ was a statutory body and this approach to the defence of the application was "less than what one would expect of RTÉ".

Lawyers for RTÉ said they had approached the case in a responsible manner.

Senior counsel David Holland said RTÉ had been very forthright and was not seeking to make any allegation of wrong doing.

In documents sworn by Mr O'Brien, he said he had received a letter at the end of last month, making assertions about his private banking facilities with IBRC and that it was intended to broadcast the report a few days later.

He said there was no allegation of wrongdoing and no public interest in the broadcast.

Mr O'Brien said there was nothing untoward about his banking affairs. But in principle to broadcast his personal banking affairs was a clear breach of his constitutional right to privacy.

Mr O'Brien said it was regrettable that there had been a certain amount of speculation in relation to his banking affairs with IBRC which had made it into the public domain without his consent.

But he said the precise details of those affairs had never previously been disclosed.

He said if the report was broadcast, he would suffer irreparable harm, personally and financially.

He said he was a businessman with extensive interests and had extensive dealings with national and international financial institutions.

He said if the details of how a financial institution dealt with customers like him made it into the public domain, it would impact on the willingness of other financial institutions to engage with him in relation to banking arrangements.

He said there was not sufficient public interest to displace his right to privacy and confidentiality and his contract with his bankers.

He said the disclosure of this information would cause his personal standing irreparable harm.

His senior counsel, Michael Cush, said rich and powerful figures were entitled to their privacy as much as anyone else.     0236506-e7358066ae32962062fa3247ed905f5d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003544 00000000000 014707  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A Boston judge has ruled to unseal testimony by Republican presidential candidate former Gov. Mitt Romney (R-MA) in a case that has been taken up by high-profile celebrity attorney Gloria Allred. According to the Boston Globe, the court will be making the Romney testimony transcripts available Thursday afternoon, transcripts that Allred claims will show that Romney lied under oath.

Romney’s testimony, which the Globe filed to have unsealed on Oct. 15, reportedly pertains to the value of Staples stock at the time of the Stemberg divorce. The Globe reported that “The suit was filed in 1990 by (Staples founder Tom) Stemberg’s ex-wife, Maureen Sullivan Stemberg, who sought to amend the couple’s financial agreement after Staples went public in 1989 and began trading at 10 times the stock value she had received in the divorce a year earlier. Romney, now the Republican nominee for president, testified during the lawsuit in June 1991.”

The presidential nominee, Allred alleges, presented the court with an undervalued assessment of Staples and its financial potential in order to secure a lower financial settlement in the divorce for his friend. Records of the original testimony were destroyed by the court, but Sullivan Stemberg retained copies for her own records. A redacted version of these records will be made available by the Globe later today.

Sullivan Stemberg, who is Allred’s client, is currently bound by a confidentiality agreement regarding the case, a gag order that Allred called, “the most comprehensive gag order I have ever seen in my 36 years of practicing law.”

Allred argued passionately this morning that the gag order on her client should be lifted, but the judge declined to hear the request, according to the website TMZ, on the grounds that Allred had not filed a written motion.

[image of Gloria Allred via Joe Seer / Shutterstock.com]                                                                                                                                                            0236405-a4cf39e9f6c313639ae75043e50b8a1b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003414 00000000000 015111  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Hot off the heels of the second part of our interview with Shady Jeff, we have a special treat for everyone. In the most recent portion of our conversation with Jeff, we tackled one of the oldest urban legends surrounding Hollywood Undead; the infamous “Death of Shady Jeff” in a gruesome car accident.

Below we’ve tracked down one of the original MySpace posts that made the rounds just days after the very real, but not actually mortally-wounding accident. Well, deadly if you’re a BMW I suppose, which I assume you’re not. If you ARE a BMW though, I have SO many questions, including and probably starting with “You claim to be a car, how exactly are you reading this article?”. Literate-car-creatures aside, you can read the original post below, complete with a shot of the accident by Los Angeles-based photographer Tyler Shields.

On November 27th, 2006. Shady Jeff was in a terrible car accident. Tyler was called when the accident had happened, and was able to go to the scene of where it all happened, and snap a few photos, here is one of them below.



For those who knew who he was, you were able to see that he was a really great guy. He cared a lot about all of his friends/family/and even all of his fans. He had many great things planned ahead, he had music set to release really soon, as well as a clothing line that he just had started. It's such a tragedy to see him pass away. It still doesn't seem real. If you needed to laugh or smile, he always knew how to do that. He even gave the greatest hugs, they were REAL ones, like they meant something.

He'll always be in my thoughts and prayers.

R.I.P

Be sure to follow Scene for Dummies on social media for exciting news on Hollywood Undead and keep a look out for Part 3 of our interview with Shady Jeff, coming soon!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0236486-bdaaf8b97b85fdbb02f8f1f04652135a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015041 00000000000 015335  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        



Late last December, Ajmal Fa-qiri boarded a plane in Kabul, Afghanistan, bound for San Francisco with his wife and two small children. It should have been a moment to weep for joy: He had finally been delivered from the men who wanted him dead. But Faqiri, 27, was hardly in the clear. He was en route to a different kind of peril: the neglect of the U.S. State Department and a life of grinding poverty.

An ace interpreter for a U.S. Army unit that chased Taliban insurgents in Kunar Province, he’d been marked for murder by Taliban zealots swearing vengeance on collaborators and their families. Faqiri had survived eight years of firefights and had so proved his mettle that he was tapped to translate for then Secretary of Defense Robert Gates. In 2010, Faqiri applied for Special Immigrant Visas, given only to allies whose lives are imperiled by their work. After nearly four years, our State Department obliged him, calling him to its embassy to pick them up. But instead of the standard six months to arrange travel and sell off worldly goods, it gave him 72 hours to get out of the country before his family’s brand-new visas would be revoked. He borrowed $14,000 to buy four last-minute plane tickets to SFO (he’d hoped to go to Virginia but couldn’t find a flight) and arrived with no contacts and a few hundred dollars in his pocket. He cleared customs at 11:31 p.m. on New Year’s Eve, giving him 29 minutes to spare; had his flight been even a half-hour late, he’d have been shipped back to Kabul on the spot.

Knowing nothing about San Francisco, the family walked along the highway to Daly City, where an Afghan immigrant heard him speaking Pashto and asked what he was doing on the street. Faqiri told the man his story and named the one soul he knew here: Janis Shinwari, an Afghan interpreter with whom he’d worked in Kabul and whose story would later appear in these pages (“The Friends We Left Behind,” April 2014). They found a cell number for Shinwari, now living in Virginia, and asked him for help.

The men in this article are allies who fled to America after risking their lives for the U.S. mission. Readers who wish to donate can go to NoOneLeft.org

Shinwari was dining with Cap. Matt Zeller, the National Guard officer who’d moved heaven and Earth to win Shinwari a special visa last year; together, they’d raised money to help other endangered Afghans in Kabul. They bought the Faqiris a flight to Washington, D.C., put them up in the cramped two-bedroom Shinwari shares with his wife and small children, then scraped together enough to get Faqiri a used car to land a job at Domino’s. On a good week, Faqiri, who has a degree in computer programming, earns $250 delivering pizzas to some of the worst projects in Prince George’s County, Maryland. That makes him, sad to say, a stark success among his peers, hundreds of whom have arrived here and been given a three-month subsistence, then cut loose in a hostile culture to sink or swim.

Shinwari, a former military interpreter credited with saving the lives of several US soldiers, now lives in a small housing complex while working for Congressman Jim Moran

Recently, I sat in Shinwari’s apartment with eight other interpreters, each in dire straits. All of them had worked for the U.S. Army or Marines, carried glowing commendations from American captains and colonels, and had more than enough English to land entry-level jobs at gas stations and fast-food stores. “We don’t ask for special treatment; we start at the bottom, and that’s OK,” said Ajmal Sulaiman-Khail, who was under siege in Korengal Valley with a battle-torn unit of the Marines. “But we go to the stores and they say, ‘We don’t need you. You are Afghans, you are terrorists — go away.’ ”

“We all have that problem,” said Rafi Hashimi, a “terp” with Special Forces who served nine grueling years with distinction. “I feel like I am nothing, useless to my family. I expected a better life, and it’s so much worse here.” Roughly 13,000 refugees from our dual wars on terror have come over on special visas since 2008. Many Iraqis, raised in a land with modest infrastructure and acquaintance with modern technology, have trod a smoother path to assimilation. But most Afghans, ravaged by decades of war, come from dirt moonscapes of subsistence farms with no running water or power grid. To simply dump them in big cities without backing or guidance seems the height of indifference. Yet that, says Zeller, is exactly what’s been done by the State Department, which for years dragged its heels in issuing visas to the terps, then brusquely turned its back once they got here.

Faqiri, an Afghan translator who once worked for numerous US military units and abruptly fled Afghanistan on two days notice, now works as a pizza deliveryman

“They contract with religious charities to give these guys the bare minimum,” says Zeller. The terps “get three months of rent and eight months of food stamps — but zero assistance finding a job or making the cultural leap to this century.” Most of the men here are behind on their rent and mere weeks, or days, from being evicted with their kids, having been jettisoned by charities like the Lutheran Social Services. “It’s been months since our case manager has come, and my daughter has a very high fever,” says Hashimi. “I took her to the emergency room, but they won’t see her. They tell me, ‘Buy aspirin. Try that.’ ” Adds Shinwari over lunch in Virginia that day, “Most of us would have been better off staying in Afghanistan. At least there, the graves are free.”

So desperate is their plight that two of the terps are considering the unthinkable — a possible return to Afghanistan. Zeller says, “They see no hope here for their children.” He created a nonprofit, No One Left Behind, that has raised — and spent — about $50,000 to keep roofs over the heads of these men and is trying to raise more, but the funding is far outmatched by the need. “Every day, I get 10 new posts from terps reaching out to me on Facebook,” he says. “Janis’ story [“The Friends We Left Behind”] broke the dam; they’re coming over en masse.” If he had the cash, he’d hire these men to do casework here, then replicate that service in places they’re sent by State. “We’re not talking about feeding ’em on the public’s dime. These are the hardest-working people you’ve ever met, once they get their foot in the door. All they want is the thing we promised when they put their lives on the line: a chance to start over in America. If they haven’t earned that, who has?”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0236466-1a72d72242b25a2b3cada10352eed385.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007233 00000000000 015065  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Hi all,

To begin with, I’d like to thank everyone who was helping us with testing the new controls and for providing so valuable feedback. It was incredibly insightful, thank you!Majority of the players has agreed that the new control scheme works better and it should become permanent. However we still think that there is room for improvements, and we would like to try a few more things in the future, besides we want to be sure that when the controller support is in place you would have the exactly same experience as if with a mouse and a keyboard.The freelook mode is still there (to activate press “X”), if you have issues enabling it, try to delete Setting.txt file, it should help.

So what is new in this update?

Hybrids

Those of you how were playing the so called “Beta” build, might have seen them already, if you haven’t here they are.

The Mother - a female version of the Gaunt, has less HP and deals less physical damage that her male counterpart, but her poisonous spits have much greater chance to poison your character.



The Step Daughter - a fast and deadly hybrid, almost impossible to outrun her on foot, inflicts significant amount of damage with her brutally disfigured, sword-like arms.

The Widow - a female hybrid whose face were completely melted off by an acid secreted from the some kind of glands on her head. Her sharp claws cannot penetrate heavy armor, but even a scratch will intoxicate the body and prevent blood from clotting, leading to a death from blood loss.

The Spine - sometimes even being dismembered, some parts of the hybrids’ bodies can continue to live and evolve as unique, self-contained organisms

The Piecer’s attack and vision distances were slightly nerfed. We also decided to increase the amount of ammo generated in the world that you could have slightly better odds against the new enemies, which are all quite fast.



New Weapons

So, the energy weapons are finally into the game, though for now, until NPCs are still in work, you can only obtain the energy weapons by killing Gargantua. The drop chance a quite high you won’t need to kill a dozen of them to get a cool gun)

Maser Gun



Maser Handgun



B.P.C. - Big Plasma Cannon



Laser Sniper Rifle



World

The size of the world has grown a bit more again. If we combine all 51 location in one it will be just slightly over 5 square kilometres.

With the new system of spawners it became possible to randomise entrances in the underground levels, for now it works only in one “Uncharted” location, but as I make more underground levels, I’ll be steadily adding them to the old locations too.

Misc

Now when you consume a drink, food or a med kit, you’ll get a notification that this item was consumed. It also accompanied with a corresponding sound like chewing or drinking water, it’s not a big thing but provides additional feedback to your action and just feels cool))

Bugs

As usual, you all have been super helpful with allocating the bugs. Actually, we fixed a few very serious bugs:some enemies weren’t saving properly when you travelled from one location to another. It means that whenever you return to a location that you had visited there may be no enemies at all. [Fixed]inventory list was distorted or appeared like in one line [Fixed]disassembling multiple items had a bug that could give you hundreds of resources [Fixed]infinite loading on the Gas Station location [Fixed]some other minor bugs

VERY IMPORTANT: If you notice that you frame rate dropped significantly, delete the Setting.txt file, for some unknown reason the new version sometimes doesn't wipe the old file and it causes an error which makes a call every frame affecting the performance.Thank you,Devs                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0236514-57f2f036f98ee1048317bbbfd732a115.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012105 00000000000 015026  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The most popular Smash fangame on the internet has received its biggest update yet – 3 years in the making!

Are you ready to experience…

SUPER SMASH FLASH 2 BETA?

NOTE: This game is still very much a work in progress. If you’d like to assist with the development, please click here.

…Super Smash what?

– Super Smash Flash is back! You do remember us, right? The original Smash Bros fangame, most popular for content and difficulty, rather than gameplay, Super Smash Flash was…well, Super Smash in a Flash. It showed very few similarities to the actual Smash Bros gameplay as it was our first game, yet still somehow attracted large crowds of people. Now, with the knowledge we’ve picked up along the way, we’re striving for the utmost quality this time around. Super Smash Flash 2 is not a game made by one person in a month, like SSF1. Super Smash Flash 2 is a game made by hundreds of people over several years. It will be one of the biggest Smash bros fan-games – no. One of the biggest Flash games , to date. We promise.

Is this actually made in Flash?

– It is, and one of our major product goals here is to show that Flash is underestimated and underappreciated. If we can make a console-quality game with controller support, online mode, and 10 years worth of custom art, so can you. No other programming interface would allow us the kind of convenience and workflow that we have with Super Smash Flash 2 without custom tools. Flash is incredible for creating video games and animations with a low barrier to entry and an incredibly simple interface. (tl;dr stop calling for Flash to die, jerks)

Why does your game have a Wikipedia page?

– I have no idea but we’re really excited about it.

This isn’t listed on Twitch! Can I stream/watch SSF2 Beta live?

Unfortunately, Twitch does not list us as a game. We suggest using YouTube Gaming!

Do you have a Discord?

We do! Please note that invitations are not always open, so if the link doesn’t work please check back again later.

Can I use my gamepad?

– If your OS recognizes it, and you’ve got drivers… yes! Please note, at this time only the downloadable version of the game (to your right) supports gamepads due to shortfalls and discrepancies in support between the browsers.

Where’s the best place to find matches?

– Our partners over at Anther’s Ladder run an awesome chat with matchmaking built right in! Check it out here.

Can you add [insert character here]?

– Unfortunately with a game of this scale, we need to plan things out ahead of time so that we can finish the game at some point. At this time we cannot accept content suggestions for this reason. Sorry!

How can I support your development?

– We are not accepting any monetary compensation on behalf of Super Smash Flash 2. The best way to support us is to keep playing. It’ll make us happy. Hopefully it’ll make you happy too.

WHERE IS THE FULL VERSION?!

– Super Smash Flash 2’s Beta release is our final full-featured update to our public release before the full game. We’re hard at work and well on our way, and we allow you to experience our progress along the way – that is the point of Super Smash Flash 2’s demos.

Are there combos in Super Smash Flash 2?

– Absolutely. Super Smash Flash 2 has low landing lag, high hitstun, and high gravity, leading to an exhilarating combo game with lots of mixups that will still feel right at home to those coming from any of the official Smash games – even ones where combos don’t exist. This is one of our major project goals.

Which Smash game is SSF2 based off of?

– Ah, I see you noticed that SSF1 was based off of Melee, huh. Well, think of SSF2 as a Frankenstein. We’re smashing together a “Greatest Hits” type deal with our engine, feel, and aesthetics, but we’re also taking our own creative liberties as well. There’s no definite answer to this question!

Well, in terms of engine?

– SSF2’s engine is Frankenstein’d too. At first glance, it’s very reminiscent of Smash 4, actually; some of the more obvious engine aspects will make that clear right away (with the low landing lag, high-ish hitstun, high gravity, etc.) But it goes deeper than that, and this will become more apparent as the game matures and we begin activating our other engine aspects.

Do characters have complete movesets?

– Absolutely. Some characters have placeholder animations at the moment, but they will all be remedied before the full release.

Does this work on Mac/Linux?

– SSF2 runs better on Mac than on most Windows computers, actually! As far as Linux, you can always play our game using Chrome until we get an executable finished up.

Is online mode planned?

– It’s in!! 🙂

What about L-Cancelling or (insert some complicated Smash Bros-related acronym here)?

– Probably not included. As far as L-cancelling though, SSF2 has globally reduced landlag (some call this ALR – Aerial Lag Reduction), and instead of being move-specific, it’s mostly character specific with a few exceptions, ranging from 3 to 12 frames (at 30 FPS). If we gave you L-cancelling, you probably wouldn’t need to use it often.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0236534-d4bfc0dc32d49ae7f8bac78a94937db2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013355 00000000000 015431  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Tens of thousands of crimes are going uninvestigated in Greater Manchester every year - and the figure is rising, the M.E.N. can reveal.

Striking figures from GMP show that most reports of house burglary were not investigated by police last year, and a growing number of non-violent crimes are simply not followed-up.

Police bosses at the force - which has seen its number of frontline officers slashed in recent years - say they are having to make tough choices by prioritising the region’s most serious offences.

And new figures obtained through a Freedom of Information request show a marked rise in the number of complaints which are being ’screened out’ by police - with victims of crime being given a reference, but no investigation ever being carried out.

The shocking figures show that:

111,445 crimes (45% of all crimes reported in 2016) were ‘screened out’.

70% of all bicycle thefts go uninvestigated

76% of all street theft and pick pocketing (779 complaints) were ‘screened out - a huge rise from two years before when the figure was 60%

2,521 public order offences (a third of all public order offences) went uninvestigated

In addition, the figures reveal that 57 per cent of recorded domestic burglaries were automatically shelved last year, up from 37pc two years before.

Three quarters of vehicle offences, three quarters of ‘thefts from the person’ - such as pickpocketing and bag-snatching - and over two thirds of bike thefts were not looked into further either.

More than 62pc of criminal damage and arson offences were not investigated, along with one in three reported shoplifting incidents.

There has also been a particularly big rise in the ‘screening out’ of public order offences, such as threatening behaviour. Since January, 42pc of those have not been investigated, up from 15pc in 2014.

The number of crimes reported to GMP had risen by a quarter in that time, while policing numbers dropped by a similar proportion since government austerity measures began in 2010.

Police chiefs say they are prioritising resources on offences that represent the 'greatest threat, harm and risk' to the public, and those crimes most likely to be solved.

While the figures show all murders and virtually all rape and drug trafficking offences are still being investigated - as well as the vast majority of other sexual, violent and drug-related crimes - less serious offences have increasingly not been pursued, including 69pc of overall thefts.

How many crimes are not being investigated? 38% Recorded crimes not investigated in 2014 40% Recorded crimes not investigated in 2015 45% Recorded crimes not investigated in 2016 42% Recorded crimes not investigated since January 2017

Overall, 45pc of recorded crimes were not investigated at all last year, compared to 38pc in 2014, although the figure has improved slightly to 42pc since January.

The figures were obtained by the Liberal Democrat party under Freedom of Information laws.

Commenting on the figures, Lib Dem mayoral candidate Jane Brophy said: “It is shocking that so many victims of crime in Greater Manchester are not seeing their cases investigated properly, including soaring numbers of those who have been burgled or robbed.

“Overall Greater Manchester Police are doing a good job at tackling serious crime, but there seems to be widespread failure to record and investigate all crimes properly.

“Visible policing has all but disappeared apart from Manchester city centre and our town centres, leaving many communities feeling unsafe. If I become mayor I will work to ensure frontline policing is improved to restore people’s faith in the police.”

But Labour police and crime commissioner Tony Lloyd suggested the fall in investigations was the direct result of funding cuts.

“The public expect that when they report a crime the police will take it seriously and it is up to GMP to fully explain the reasons for not investigating certain crimes,” he said.

“Particularly with the most serious of crimes, that cause the most harm, I expect that no effort will be spared to bring the perpetrators to justice.

“But we also cannot ignore that GMP has suffered deep cuts, the bulk of which imposed by a Conservative/Liberal Democrat coalition government - cuts which have seen GMP lose a quarter of its police officers in the face of rising crime and complex demand.”

Police bosses have spoken out to defend the way they deal with crimes and say that they must ensure they address those that are the most serious.

Responding to the figures, Assistant Chief Constable Rob Potts, said: “We have to prioritise our workload to focus on the most serious crime which represents the greatest threat, harm and risk to the public. We also make decisions on investigations based on likelihood of a positive outcome to ensure we maximise the impact of what are public resources.

“In many crimes there are no witnesses, CCTV or forensic opportunities, which means there are no leads for the officer to investigate further.

“Where evidence is present, officers will investigate and we rely on the public to help us do this by reporting suspicious activity or telling us about anybody they know who is involved in crime. The fact that we choose not to continue certain investigations does not mean that no positive action is taken. We are working closely with the public and partners to problem-solve within neighbourhoods to prevent crimes reoccurring.

“We will continue to work alongside communities, partner agencies and use information and new technology to ensure we provide the best possible service to people across Greater Manchester.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0236567-b5bd5ab7e6d2da49334face78f961679.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000025735 00000000000 015316  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        When the Heavens Fall by Marc Turner

————–

As part of my Guest blog series for authors and fellow bloggers I am proud to present another guest blog spot. Marc Turner author of When the Heavens Fall has been kind enough to write a guest blog post for us today. I would like to thank Marc Turner for this opportunity to host this guest blog.

Make sure you check out When the Heavens Fall by Marc Turner OUT NOW!

Here is a clip of the book from Audible www.audible.com/

And Dragon Hunters (The Chronicle of the Exile #2) is due out February 9, 2016!

—————-

Multi-threaded Epic Fantasy: Weaving the Tapestry by Marc Turner

One of my favourite fantasy books of all time is The Lions of Al-Rassan by Guy Gavriel Kay. It tells the story of a holy war in a fictionalized medieval Spain, but what I remember most about the book is the clash between two of its main characters: Ibn Ammar, an Asharite poet, solider and diplomat, and Rodrigo Belmonte, a Jaddite military commander. At the beginning of the book, Kay establishes them both as formidable characters. When they meet they become friends, but they have different faiths and different allegiances, and it becomes clear early on that those differences will ultimately bring them into conflict. When they duel at the end of the book, I had no idea who was going to win, still less who I wanted to win. Kay even uses a clever device to suggest that the loser of the fight is actually the winner before he hits you with the truth.

The bastard.

The Lions of Al-Rassan highlights one of the things I love most about multi-threaded fantasies. An author is able to introduce you to various characters, build them up into people you admire and sympathize with, and then set them off against each other. It’s a technique Kay uses in a lot of his books. The stronger the characters, the more you look forward to them meeting, because you know that sparks are going to fly. What you don’t know is who’s going to come out on top, and that can only be a good thing. With a lot of the fantasy books I read as a teen, you knew by the bottom of page one where the story was going. When yet another farm boy discovers he is the “chosen one”, you can be reasonably certain he’s going to defeat the Dark Lord on the last page. All very predictable. But what if there were two“chosen ones”? Suddenly the book becomes more interesting.

Another of my favourite authors, Steven Erikson, also uses multiple story lines to good effect. Take, for example, House of Chains, the fourth book in the Malazan series. In the battle at the end, it’s far from clear who the “good guys” and the “bad guys” are supposed to be. Unsurprisingly, there are some on each side. In one camp you have the likes of Felisin, Karsa and Heboric. In the other, Tavore, Kalam and Fiddler. How do you pick a winner from those? My favourite characters were scattered across both factions, and there was no way they could all emerge victorious. Watching them square off against each other made for a truly epic ending.

I have tried to capture that “epicness” in my debut, When the Heavens Fall. The book tells the story of a necromancer who steals an artifact called the Book of Lost Souls and uses it to resurrect an undead army with the intention of challenging the Lord of the Dead for control of the underworld. Drawn into the chaos are four viewpoint characters: Luker, Romany, Ebon and Parolla. At the start of the novel their threads run in parallel, but as the story progresses they increasingly overlap, until the characters come together for a suitably climactic finale. So which of the four characters is the “main” character? None of them. I never set out to create one protagonist and three antagonists. Each of the characters is the hero of their own story. Each has their own agenda, their own cause. But there’s only one Book of Lost Souls up for grabs, so they can’t all win, right?

Of course, there are some aspects of multi-threaded fantasies that I don’t enjoy. No matter how good the writer is, it’s fair to say that readers of such books will find themselves liking some characters more than others. In Game of Thrones, I suspect I’m not the only one who skimmed the occasional Sansa chapter to get to the next Tyrion one. If you’ve got multiple characters and multiple threads running through the book, it’s a challenge to keep each one as entertaining as the next, especially since there will be times when there is more going on in some story lines than in others. And then if some of your favourite characters start dying (George RR Martin, I’m looking at you) . . .

Another potential pitfall with multi-threaded books is how unwieldy they can become. The more threads you weave into a story, the harder it can be to keep them in a coherent pattern. I’m sure that we’ve all read epic fantasies that started strongly, but seemed to collapse under their own weight as the author introduced more and yet more characters. The story loses forward momentum. Also, if there are too many characters, the reader may never get to know any of them well. Just as they’re starting to care about what happens to a character, they’re whisked off into someone else’s head. And they might not encounter the first character again for fifty or a hundred pages, by which time they’ve forgotten all about them. So how many characters is too many? I’ve no idea, but I found four a good number to work with in When the Heavens Fall.

That brings me on to endings. I don’t know about you, but I’m not a big fan of books that aren’t complete stories. I like novels to have a beginning, a middle, and an end. It can be frustrating to read the first book in a series, only for it to stop (seemingly in mid-sentence) without even a hint of a resolution in sight – particularly since you might have to wait another year or longer (or much longer!) to find out what happens next. The more threads there are in a story, the harder it can be to tie them off neatly. That’s another reason why I enjoy Steven Erikson’s books so much: each of his novels has an ending that resolves the immediate story line at issue, whilst at the same time leaving questions open to be explored in the next book. That’s also why I made When the Heavens Fall a self-contained story, albeit part of a larger series of novels.

——————

About the author:

Marc Turner was born in Canada, but grew up in England. His first novel, When the Heavens Fall, is published by Tor in the US and Titan in the UK. You can see a video trailer for the book here and read a short story set in the world of the novel here. The short story has also been narrated by Emma Newman, and you can listen to it free here. Marc can be found on Twitter at @MarcJTurner and at his website.

Marc Turner was born in Toronto, Canada, but grew up in England. He graduated from Lincoln College, Oxford University, in 1996 with a BA (Hons) in law, and subsequently joined a top ten law firm in the City of London. After realizing that working there did not mix well with simple pleasures such as having a life, he fled north first to Leeds and then to Durham in search of a better work-life balance. Unfortunately it proved elusive, and so in 2007, rather than take the next step and move to Scotland, he began working part time so he could devote more time to his writing. Following the sale of his debut epic fantasy novel, When the Heavens Fall, he started writing full time.

Why writing? Because it is the only work he knows where daydreaming isn’t frowned upon, and because he has learned from bitter experience that he cannot not write. The authors whose work has most influenced him are Steven Erikson and Joe Abercrombie. Consequently he writes fast-paced, multi-threaded novels with a liberal sprinkling of humour; novels written on a panoramic scale, peopled by characters that stay in the memory. Or at least that’s the theory . . .

He lives in Durham, England, with his wife and Son.

http://www.marcturner.net/

————-

About the books:

When the Heavens Fall by Marc Turner

Series: The Chronicles of the Exile

The Chronicles of the Exile Hardcover: 544 pages

544 pages Publisher: Tor Books; First Edition edition (May 19, 2015)

Tor Books; First Edition edition (May 19, 2015) Language: English

English ISBN-10: 0765337126

0765337126 ISBN-13: 978-0765337122

If you pick a fight with Shroud, Lord of the Dead, you had better ensure your victory, else death will mark only the beginning of your suffering.

A book giving its wielder power over the dead has been stolen from a fellowship of mages that has kept the powerful relic dormant for centuries. The thief, a crafty, power-hungry necromancer, intends to use the Book of Lost Souls to resurrect an ancient race and challenge Shroud for dominion of the underworld. Shroud counters by sending his most formidable servants to seize the artifact at all cost.

However, the god is not the only one interested in the Book, and a host of other forces converge, drawn by the powerful magic that has been unleashed. Among them is a reluctant Guardian who is commissioned by the Emperor to find the stolen Book, a troubled prince who battles enemies both personal and political, and a young girl of great power, whose past uniquely prepares her for an encounter with Shroud. The greatest threat to each of their quests lies not in the horror of an undead army but in the risk of betrayal from those closest to them. Each of their decisions comes at a personal cost and will not only affect them, but also determine the fate of their entire empire.

The first of an epic swords & sorcery fantasy series, Marc Turner’s When the Heavens Fall features gritty characters, deadly magic, and meddlesome gods

————–

Available soon:

Dragon Hunters by Marc Turner

Series: The Chronicles of the Exile

The Chronicles of the Exile Hardcover: 496 pages

496 pages Publisher: Tor Books ( February 9, 2016 )

Tor Books ( ) Language: English

English ISBN-10: 0765337134

0765337134 ISBN-13: 978-0765337139

The sequel to When the Heavens Fall features gritty characters, deadly magic, and meddlesome gods

Once a year on Dragon Day the fabled Dragon Gate is raised to let a sea dragon pass into the Sabian Sea. There, it will be hunted by the Storm Lords, a fellowship of powerful water-mages who rule an empire called the Storm Isles.

Emira Imerle Polivar is coming to the end of her tenure as leader of the Storm Lords, but she has no intention of standing down graciously. As part of her plot to hold onto power, she instructs an order of priests known as the Chameleons to sabotage the Dragon Gate. There’s just one problem: that will require them to infiltrate an impregnable citadel that houses the gate’s mechanism—a feat that has never been accomplished before.

But Imerle is not the only one intent on destroying the Storm Lord dynasty. As the Storm Lords assemble in answer to a mysterious summons, they become the targets of assassins working for an unknown enemy. And when Imerle sets her scheme in motion, that enemy uses the ensuing chaos to play its hand.

Advertisements                                   0236600-f444a9ff4941c9623ee24f1310aa6110.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000046504 00000000000 014742  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        NEW YORK – In the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis, Keith Higgins was certain: Banks weren’t to blame.

Higgins, a top attorney at prominent law firm Ropes & Gray LLP, was chairman of an American Bar Association committee on securities regulation. As such, he lobbied strenuously against a rule U.S. regulators were drafting that would require banks to disclose a lot more about asset-backed securities like those that had just torpedoed the economy.

In letters to the Securities and Exchange Commission, Higgins argued that divulging more details about the mortgages and other financial products that go into such securities would only confuse investors. And it was investors, with “insufficient understanding and … commitment” to their investments, who had been the real cause of the crisis, he argued in a July 2008 letter.

Then, in May 2013, as the SEC was still hashing out the rule, Higgins was tapped to lead the very 500-person SEC division that was writing it.

When the final version of Reg AB II came out last year, disclosure rules advocated by many within the agency had been stripped out. Of particular concern: Banks could continue to sell asset-backed securities to institutional investors on the private market with no new disclosure requirements.

Reg AB II was one of many rules Congress ordered up in the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act to fill regulatory holes in the market for asset-backed securities. An unprecedented expansion of this multitrillion-dollar market, in which banks repackage mortgages and other assets into complex securities and sell them to investors, lay at the heart of the financial crisis.

But as the evolution of Reg AB II suggests, banks and their advocates have managed to preserve many of the industry’s pre-crisis practices by focusing lobbying efforts on obscure corners of the regulatory world, far from the glare of congressional debate or public scrutiny. Many of these agencies are staffed by appointees from the industry they regulate and return to it when their stints are over.

“The banks have done an end run around all the disclosure efforts,” said Thomas Adams, a securitization lawyer at Paykin Krieg & Adams LLP.

Four of the six lawyers now in the leadership of the American Bar Association committee that Higgins chaired have worked for the SEC’s Division of Corporation Finance. And between 1993 and 2006, the proportion of financial services veterans on the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) went from zero to 25 percent, according to a 2012 Harvard Business School study.

Higgins declined to comment.

SEC Chief of Staff Lona Nallengara said the selection of Higgins to run the division was a reflection of his status as “a respected securities practitioner with 30 years’ experience.”

Nallengara, who was acting director of the Division of Corporation Finance for seven months before Higgins took over, said the decision to remove disclosure requirements for private offerings from Reg AB II was made before Higgins arrived. “Keith had no influence on that decision,” he said.

Like the SEC when it was weighing rules on asset-backed securities, FASB, the private group that sets accounting standards for public companies, came under political pressure to tighten rules blamed for exacerbating the financial crisis. Critics said FASB had made it too easy for banks to stash mountains of securitized loans in off-balance-sheet vehicles based in the Cayman Islands, hiding their exposure to risks that eventually swamped them and the global economy.

Here, too, banks pushed back hard. And here, too, their protests reached sympathetic ears. Ultimately, FASB’s rules barely dented the size of banks’ off-book holdings.

The practical effect of these lobbying efforts has been obvious.

Thanks to the private-market loophole in the SEC’s Reg AB II, banks are selling a greater share of securitized debt than ever on private markets – largely off the radar of regulators and watchdogs.

Residential mortgage-backed securities tendered on the private market jumped to 78 percent of all new offerings last year from 46 percent in 2013 and just 10 percent in 2007, according to data obtained by Thomson Reuters. The privately sold share for commercial mortgage-backed securities jumped to 83 percent from 37 percent in 2013.

The markets for asset-backed securities today are a fraction of what they were in the run-up to the crisis. But they are showing strong signs of revival. What bothers some current and former regulators and industry watchers is that much of the regulatory framework that enabled the crisis remains in place.

“What’s playing out is exactly what we were worried about,” said Sheila Bair, former chairwoman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. “Most everything is going into these private markets where regulations require little visibility of what’s happening.”

With their access to off-balance-sheet entities largely preserved, the banks continue to hold vast sums of securitized loans offshore and off their books. Together, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Bank of America Corp, Citigroup, Wells Fargo & Co, Goldman Sachs Group Inc and Morgan Stanley hold nearly $3.3 trillion of securitized loans in off-balance-sheet entities.

“I still think there is significantly more risk there than is being reflected on banks’ balance sheets,” Bair said.

It isn’t just the banks. As hedge funds and private equity funds have ramped up high-risk lending in recent years, their use of off-balance-sheet vehicles has ballooned. For example, KKR & Co LP’s reported exposure to loss from off-balance-sheet entities has risen tenfold since 2010. A KKR spokesperson said less than half of the firm’s off-balance-sheet entities are composed of corporate loans originated by KKR and securitized into collateralized loan obligations, but declined to provide numbers or other information.

Robert W. Stewart, a spokesman for the Financial Accounting Foundation (FAF), which oversees FASB, said the new rules “resulted in a dramatic increase” of the holdings financial firms and companies in other industries keep on their books. “These standards eliminated long-standing exceptions for securitizations, and that reduced the opportunity for work-arounds,” he said.

HOLDING THE BAG

Even before the crisis, FASB struggled for years with how banks should account for off-balance-sheet entities and the assets held in them.

Every additional dollar in assets on a bank’s balance sheet requires holding more idle cash in capital reserves to cover those assets if they drop in value. The increase in reserves means less revenue and earning power and smaller employee bonuses.

Off-balance-sheet vehicles free banks to make more loans and build assets without having to add to capital reserves. These assets include all sorts of things: Treasury securities, home and commercial real estate mortgages, auto loans, even “junk” loans used to finance leveraged buyouts. Banks bundle the assets into securities, sell the securities to investors, and then park the assets in separately incorporated off-balance-sheet vehicles.

In theory, if one of these vehicles fails because the underlying assets sour – as, for example, when large numbers of homeowners default on their mortgages – the bank does not have to bail it out.

In practice, they often do – to preserve their reputations in a lucrative market, and because specific asset-backed securities often carry implicit or explicit guarantees that leave banks legally liable to make investors whole.

“Repeatedly, constantly, when the new off-balance-sheet entity got into financial difficulty, the bank bailed out the entity that they supposedly didn’t have any more connection with,” said Halsey Bullen, who was with FASB from 1983 to 2006, much of that time managing financial instruments projects.

“There was unending lobbying of the FASB” to let banks continue stashing loans off their balance sheets. Don Young, former Financial Accounting Standards Board member, in 2008 congressional testimony

FASB sought to address the issue several times before the crisis – to no avail. It tightened rules on Special Purpose Entities, the off-balance-sheet vehicles that played a big role in the collapse of Enron Corp in 2001. But banks simply started using alternatives called Qualifying Special Purpose Entities (QSPEs).

Again, in 2005, as banks were stuffing huge amounts of securitized subprime mortgages into QSPEs, FASB Chairman Robert Herz began to push for change. Earlier in his career, Herz turned down a shot to be U.S. chief executive officer of accounting giant PriceWaterhouse Coopers, where he was a partner, rather than give up his campaign to remake accounting standards. Now, he wanted to toughen the rules and require banks to put more loans back on their balance sheets.

“Clearly there were lots of things that had been given off-balance-sheet treatment that should not have been designated as such,” said Herz. “All the big Wall Street firms were doing it.”

Herz was opposed, former FASB officials said, by former JP Morgan Vice President Leslie Seidman – a FASB member known to some of her critics as “Loophole Leslie” for her advocacy of bank-friendly accounting rules.

Herz’s effort fizzled out. “I started to realize that some people on the board didn’t want to get anywhere,” said Don Young, a FASB board member at the time.

Seidman said she objected to the initial proposals because they would have made the rules more complex and created more exceptions.

Then, in 2008, the U.S. housing bubble burst, and with it, the market for mortgage-backed securities.

Citigroup announced that it was on the hook for more than $100 billion in loans it had placed in off-balance-sheet vehicles. All told, the biggest U.S. banks wound up bringing back onto their books more than $300 billion of guarantees for off-balance-sheet loans and bonds, according to a report by RiskMetrics Group Inc. The banks paid out billions more in lawsuits to investors demanding that they take responsibility for off-balance-sheet loans.

Under pressure from Congress, FASB again took up the issue. Banks bombarded the board with comment letters and tasked full-time staff to sway it as it started drafting new rules.

Force banks to report too much lending on their balance sheets, Citigroup, Bank of America and other banks argued, and credit available to ordinary Americans would shrink. Make them disclose too much information about what was going off-balance-sheet, and it would just confuse investors.

In September 2008, Young, the FASB member, told a congressional hearing: “There was unending lobbying of the FASB” to preserve banks’ right to continue stashing loans off their balance sheets.

Even so, FASB’s draft rules did away with QSPEs. That left something known as a Variable Interest Entity, which carried a tougher standard banks had to meet to secure off-balance-sheet treatment. But then, as the lobbying continued, FASB relaxed the rules for VIEs, essentially closing one loophole while opening another.

“The changes were all in the direction of watering it down,” said Marcus Stanley, director of Americans for Financial Reform, a consumer group in Washington, D.C.

There are concrete measures of the banks’ lobbying success. When FASB published the first draft of the rules in 2008, Citigroup warned in its annual report that it expected to increase its risk-weighted assets by $100 billion as a result of having to bring loans onto its books.

A year later, after FASB issued its final draft of the new rules, Citigroup brought just $24 billion in risk-weighted assets back onto its books. At the time, it had $557.5 billion in off-balance-sheet loans.

The new rules took effect on Jan. 1, 2010. The top six U.S. banks brought about $400 billion of loans back onto their books, a 2010 Deloitte Study found, a fraction of the $4 trillion of loans – mostly mortgages – those banks then held off their balance sheets.

That August, Herz walked out of a FASB meeting and resigned. He said at the time that he wanted to spend more time with his family. Several people close to him said FAF, the overseer of FASB, forced out Herz amid growing backlash against his tough stances on some accounting rules important to banks.

Stewart, the FAF spokesman, declined to comment on the circumstances surrounding Herz’s departure.

The six-person committee overseeing the selection process for Herz’s successor included a former chief investment officer of Swiss bank UBS AG; the managing partner of Brown Brothers Harriman & Co, one of the largest private banks in the U.S.; a former American Express vice president; and a lawyer from Brown & Associates, a law firm that caters to financial industry clients.

They chose Seidman, the first former bank executive – rather than auditor – to hold the top spot.

Bank stocks rose on the news.

Seidman’s term at FASB ended in 2013. She is now a director at ratings company Moody’s Corp and on the board of governors of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Wall Street’s self-regulatory group.

PRIVATE MATTERS

A few months after FASB published the final version of its new accounting rules, the SEC released a draft of Reg AB II.

The rule represented regulators’ effort to address a big factor in the financial crisis: lack of information about the mortgages, leveraged loans and other securitized assets that banks had been stuffing into off-balance-sheet entities.

Banks argued that additional disclosures would saddle them with an unnecessary and costly burden that would cripple the securitization industry and dry up credit for millions of Americans.

Among other things, Dodd-Frank ordered the SEC to “adopt regulations … requiring each issuer of an asset-backed security to disclose, for each tranche or class of security, information regarding the assets backing that security.”

An early draft of the rule would have required, for example, that a seller of mortgage-backed securities provide “loan tape” to regulators and investors. That’s an industry term for a breakdown of all the mortgages in a security, including each borrower’s credit history, the loan-to-value ratio of each mortgage, and other measures of risk.

The first draft of the rule applied the stricter requirements to securities sold on both the public and the private markets. SEC rules have long distinguished between investments meant for ordinary mom-and-pop investors and those for wealthy, sophisticated institutional investors.

The mass-market investments are registered with the SEC and require extensive disclosure before they can be offered to the public. The private investments typically aren’t registered with the SEC, carry scant disclosure requirements and are sold to “accredited investors” considered savvy enough to know what they are buying.

That distinction fell apart during the financial crisis, when it became clear that supposedly sophisticated investors were holding vast stores of toxic mortgage-backed securities. “The disaster was way worse in unregistered private markets during the crisis,” said a senior industry regulator. “Not addressing that market did not seem to be addressing the crisis.”

SEC staff overwhelmingly supported the rule, according to people inside the agency. So, too, did two important SEC constituencies: investors, who believed the rule would make it easier to assess the quality of the securities, and ratings agencies, whose failure to accurately rate such securities landed them in hot water in 2008.

The banks, however, opposed the early draft. In dozens of comment letters to the SEC, they argued that the additional disclosures would saddle them with an unnecessary and costly burden that would cripple the securitization industry and in turn dry up credit for millions of Americans.

Banks were helped by a particularly vocal and effective advocate: the American Bar Association. The ABA’s Committee on the Federal Regulation of Securities – that’s the committee with four former SEC employees – wrote 94 comment letters to the SEC and other regulators after the crisis, making it one of the most prolific commenters on SEC rules. Nearly all of the comments parroted letters from banks and financial industry lobbyists.

Higgins, chair of the committee when the SEC started drafting Reg AB II, personally signed 46 of the letters. He also was one of Ropes & Gray’s top securities lawyers, advising clients such as Hasbro Inc and Reebok International Ltd.

Time and again, he argued that investors had only themselves to blame for their losses in the financial crisis. “These problems have been compounded in the structured finance markets not by insufficient information, but by insufficient understanding of the information that is already available to investors,” he wrote in one letter. “Rather than needing more information, these investors need both the commitment and the tools to analyze and distill the information that is already available.”

The ABA’s lobbying carried particular weight with the SEC because of the banks’ growing reliance on the courts to fight reforms they opposed. In the year that followed 2010 passage of Dodd-Frank, the SEC churned out an average of 5.5 new rule proposals a month, one of the fastest rule-making clips in SEC history. Rules governing swaps, whistleblowers, and reporting of executive compensation were among dozens of proposals the agency issued.

Then, on July 22, 2011, the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Washington, D.C., struck down an unrelated SEC rule mandated by Dodd-Frank that would have made it easier for shareholders to replace company directors. The court said SEC staff hadn’t done a sufficient cost-benefit analysis of the new rule.

The ruling, which was sharply critical of the SEC’s rule-making process, “intimidated the agency,” said Barbara Roper, director of investor protection for the Consumer Federation of America and a member of the SEC’s Investor Advisory Committee.

SEC rule-making ground to a halt. Since the court decision, the SEC has published less than one new draft rule a month.

In May 2013, one month after Mary Jo White was sworn in as SEC chairwoman, she tapped Higgins to be director of the agency’s Division of Corporation Finance, in charge of writing the rule he had lobbied against. Some inside the SEC were shocked.

Higgins was close to White’s husband, John White, a partner at Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP who had himself chaired the SEC division when Higgins was head of the ABA committee, according to people who know both men.

John White and Mary Jo White declined to comment.

On August 27 last year, 52 months after the original draft proposal of Reg AB II was floated, the SEC adopted the final version. The 683-page rule detailed a raft of new disclosure requirements for asset-backed securities – but only for those registered with the SEC for general offer to the public. For the same securities sold on the private market, disclosure requirements remained scant.

SEC Chair White said the new rules would ensure that investors “have full information, the tools and the time to understand potential investments and the nature and extent of associated risks.”

In the end, 2014 saw a bigger share than ever of asset-backed securities being sold on private markets, with little disclosure or regulatory oversight.

————— Wall Street’s Way Reporting by Charles Levinson Web programming: Charlie Szymanski Graphics: Christine Chan Design: Troy Dunkley Photo editor: Jim Bourg Edited by John Blanton                                                                                                                                                                                            0236414-50f9918c1af56a14a895ae609816cb55.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015216 00000000000 014767  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Therapy can seem like a mystery. What do you talk about? Can you really be honest? How do you know if you’re getting better?

Before you even walk through the door, you also may have certain preconceived notions, which can stifle your progress: Being a good client means being polite and rarely asking questions. Being a good client means never disagreeing with your therapist.

Below, clinicians spill 10 important ways you can make the most of therapy.

1. Choose carefully.

“You may be in a hurry to find answers for your problems, but it’s a good idea to take the time to carefully choose your therapist,” said Ryan Howes, Ph.D, a clinical psychologist in Pasadena, Calif.

He suggested researching different types of therapists and approaches, selecting several clinicians who seem to offer what you seek, and talking over the phone with each one, or trying out a single session.

“Evaluate them not just on their credentials, but on how comfortable you feel talking with each of them. Then pick one, and dive in.”

If you’re not sure about your new therapist or the process overall, psychotherapist Bridget Levy, LCPC, suggested giving it at least three sessions — “unless it is very clear after the first or second session that the therapist is not a fit.”

2. View therapy as a collaboration.

According to Susan Lager, LICSW, a psychotherapist and relationship coach in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, therapy is an interactive process. Express your needs, ask questions, read books, and do the “homework assignments,” she said.

For instance, this may involve telling your therapist what you’d like to discuss during a session, informing them that a certain appointment time doesn’t work for you or asking for clarification, she said.

Couples may do homework assignments that include taking turns brainstorming ideas for quality time and creating a plan of action, she said.

3. Schedule sessions at a good time.

This means scheduling your appointments when you can give them full attention, Lager said. For instance, avoid scheduling a session in “the middle of a work day when you have to be ‘on’ right afterward. Give yourself time and space to process and reflect around the therapy hour.”

4. Say anything in therapy.

“Some people censor themselves in therapy for fear of judgment or appearing impolite,” said Howes. However, he encourages clients to say whatever they want, because doing so is what really leads to progress.

He gave this example: A client discloses that they didn’t want to come to therapy today. This opens the door to honestly discussing how they feel about therapy, making adjustments that’ll help or clarifying what makes today feel so difficult.

Mentioning seemingly unrelated points also can be helpful. For instance, “a discussion about their work brings to mind a memory from their childhood that doesn’t seem to fit, and we work to find the connection.”

Even a client saying that Howes looks tired or might be frustrated because of something the client said can uncover important insights.

“Being a ‘good client’ doesn’t mean being on your very best behavior, it means being the most authentic, unfiltered version of yourself.”

5. Talk about therapy in therapy.

“To use an academic analogy, therapy is both a lecture and a laboratory,” Howes said. In other words, the issues you have outside of therapy often show up in session, he said. This is helpful since it gives you an opportunity to practice healthy coping and relational skills in a safe environment with your clinician.

Howes gave these examples: If you’re passive, you can practice being assertive. If you’re afraid of seeming “too needy” or you feel like you need to be strong for others, you can discuss just how tough your days have been.

6. Set markers for change.

“Establish markers with your therapist for positive change, so that you’ll be better able to track your progress and stay motivated,” Lager said. These markers include anything behavioral, emotional or attitudinal, which you can observe, she said.

For instance, this may include feeling happier or more energized, letting go of toxic people in your life, planning social dates or communicating to your boss about workplace issues, she said.

“Markers are like signposts, positive or negative, telling you what direction you’re moving toward.”

7. Have an order of operations.

Howes suggested handling “business first,” which includes “payment, scheduling, insurance and any other logistics.” (This is “much easier than trying to rush through it on your way out the door or after having a big emotional breakthrough.”)

Next, talk about any issues you have with your therapist. This is vital “because problems you have with her may have an impact on any other work you want to do.”

For instance, maybe your therapist angered you last week. Maybe you’d like to end therapy. Maybe you have a question about what you talked about last session. Raise these concerns in the beginning of your session, so you have plenty of time to process them, Howes said.

“Oftentimes, confronting your therapist can strengthen the therapeutic alliance and thus the therapy in general,” said Levy, director of business development at Urban Balance, a counseling practice in the Chicago area.

8. Do the work outside your sessions.

A therapy session typically lasts 50 minutes; however, in order to get the most out of it, it’s important to think of therapy as 24/7, Howes said.

“Keep a journal, reflect on your last session, prepare for your next one, and generally pay attention to your thoughts and feelings throughout the week. You’ll have much more material for your sessions, and you’ll find that you are applying the work to your everyday life.”

9. Set boundaries around therapy.

Create boundaries around who you talk to about your therapy, Lager said. This might mean not sharing details of your sessions with people who gossip or give unsolicited advice, she said.

When setting boundaries, the key is avoid “creating social pressure or unhelpful spheres of influence which might undermine your own self-trust, and confuse you.”

If you’re not selective about what you share, according to Lager, you’ll “unwittingly create a ‘peanut gallery,’ which can become opinionated, loud and an intrusive presence in the therapy work.”

10. Savor the process.

According to Howes, “Therapy is like taking a course where you are the topic. Enjoy the journey and soak in every tidbit you can; you never know when it might come in handy.”

“Therapy … can be an amazing, transformative process toward living a conscious life,” Lager said.

Therapists Spill: 10 Tips for Making the Most of Therapy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236549-7060ebf4162ab4250dc49710df8009f1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003421 00000000000 014742  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Share. "We therefore plan to more actively support the Japanese software developers in distributing their key titles overseas this year," says Iwata. "We therefore plan to more actively support the Japanese software developers in distributing their key titles overseas this year," says Iwata.

In its presentation for the Third Quarter Financial Results, Nintendo promised to support games made by Japanese developers more strongly overseas.

This new-found commitment is partly due to third-party software developers in the West focussing on what Nintendo calls "mega-hit titles for home consoles" and having fewer of their development studios produce software for handheld devices. And even though some Western developers still produce software on 3DS aimed at kids, they're not as active as they were during the Nintendo DS's heyday.

Exit Theatre Mode

The opposite is true in Japan, where handheld devices have a large market share and many leading developers assigning their best teams to work on handheld titles.

To address this imbalance, company CEO Satoru Iwata said, "We therefore plan to more actively support the Japanese software developers in distributing their key titles overseas this year.

"Among those third-party titles both developed and published in Japan, there have been some games which Nintendo published in Europe, including the Professor Layton series. We will increase the number of such games for the U.S. market as well as in Europe. We are also willing to flexibly assist third-party developers in distributing their valuable games overseas."

More Japanese developed games heading to your 3DS? Is this good news? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below.

Daniel is IGN's UK Staff Writer. You can be part of the world's worst cult by following him on IGN and Twitter.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0236583-04c20606fa4029507819114519f6ffed.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002017 00000000000 014614  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        It looks like two can play at the "grab-and-borderline-violate-each-other’s-privates-in-the-name-of-charity" game.

Back in October, a trio of pickup artists got a rise out of the Internet when it went around motorboating (read: pressing faces into women’s boobs) in order to raise funds for Breast Cancer Awareness Month. Their $7,000 donation was swiftly rejected by the Breast Cancer Research Foundation, but their crass approach to raising funds hasn’t gone away.

Perhaps in response to the motorboating moneymaker, Merci Handy –- a French hand sanitizer company -- decided to get a bunch of women together to cup strangers’ crotches in return for a $13.50 donation for men's cancer charities, Blame It On The Voices reported. After all, it is Movember, the month when advocates grow moustaches and raise money and awareness for prostate and testicular cancers.

While the women managed to raise $700, according to Gawker, we’re still kind of just missing the days of reaching straight from the wallet to the donation jar.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0236557-2814d8af08901795f20057a0d462b80d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006065 00000000000 014621  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal is expected to sign into law a bill that may close at least three out of the state’s five abortion clinics.

The law would require admitting privileges for abortion providers at a hospital within 30 miles, a requirement that doctors elsewhere, many of whom fly in from out of state to provide services, have often been unable to meet. That’s the point.

Close video Anti-abortion bill awaits Jindal's signature Ilyse Hogue joins to discuss a sweeping anti-abortion bill in Louisiana, which is likely to be signed by Governor Bobby Jindal and could shutter up to 80% of the state’s abortion clinics. share tweet email save Embed

Both Louisiana clinics whose doctors have admitting privileges are in Shreveport, which is about a five-hour drive from New Orleans. In several other states, abortion providers have been denied such privileges by hospitals that either oppose abortion or are shying away from controversy – in some cases, the doctors haven’t even been given applications.

Bethany Van Kampen, board member of the New Orleans Abortion Fund, which assists low-income women who cannot afford their procedures, said in a statement that “Louisiana legislators have allowed ideology to trump medicine.”

“This bill does not protect women; it is a back-door abortion ban,” Kampen said.

To Louisiana’s west, in Texas, a similar law has already shuttered one-third of the clinics, with more expected to close this fall. To its east, the only thing keeping the last clinic in Mississippi open is a court order blocking another admitting privileges law. And Alabama’s version, which would leave only two clinics open in the state, is currently on trial in a district court in Montgomery. Yet another admitting privileges bill is on its way to the governor’s desk in nearby Oklahoma.

The clinics would not be shutting for lack of demand. According to the Guttmacher Institute, in 2011, women in those five contiguous states – Mississippi, Alabama, Texas, Louisiana, and Oklahoma – had a total of 103,040 legal abortions.

Nor are they closing because they pose a demonstrated risk to women. The American Medical Association and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists oppose the admitting privileges laws. And as Dr. Paul Fine, medical director of Planned Parenthood Gulf Coast, which includes centers in Texas and Louisiana, testified in the Alabama trial this week, abortion is “extremely safe. It’s safer than getting a shot of penicillin.”

“The risk of death from live childbirth is about 8.8 per 100,000,” Fine added, according to the Montgomery Advertiser. “The risk of death from abortion is about six per one million. The risk of death from childbirth is about 14 times high than that of abortion.”

Louisiana has one of the highest maternal mortality rates in the country. It also severely restricts sexual education in schools.

Unable to ban abortion outright until Roe v. Wade is fully overturned, southern legislators have resorted to admitting privileges laws that simply cut off the supply of safe and legal providers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0236569-c300f2fc1110f25b5bc331d39cd77a85.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000060264 00000000000 015106  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        What really happened to Hilary Clinton and US Navy Seal Commander Job W. Price?

Hillary Clinton was “Hell bent on going to war with Iran” but was there some other secret agenda when she attempted to visit Iran?

Commander Price, a top rate US Navy Seal was portrayed as taking his own life whilst serving in Afghanistan (truly an insult to his outstanding service)……….this man deserves better recognition for loosing his life whilst on a special ops mission to Iran with Hillary Clinton than being blamed for his own suicide!!!

This master of deceit certainly knew what really happened to the “Bitch from hell”

Her office staff certainly knew what happened to her when they presented her with a crash helmet on her first day back at work

“To Wear When She Next Goes Flying”

This man certainly had first hand information on the day of the crash that nearly took her life – “Pity Really”

The medical team at New York Presbyterian Hospital certainly knew the difference between a blood clot and injuries sustained in a plane crash!!!

The staff at the Naval Support Activity (NSA) Bahrain had first hand knowledge of the “Black Ops Mission & Subsequent Crash”

“It great that the sheeples here didn’t know about your covert trip to Iran…….oh boy didn’t we do a good job getting Commander Price’s body back to Afghanstan and faking his own suicide?………oh well at least it delayed the Benghazi (False Flag Operation) that we well and truly stuffed up on………..as long as you watch my back, I’ll watch yours and we should both get away with this!!

It was interesting to read someone else’s interpretation of calling them the “Butcher of Benghazi”, otherwise known as President Obama and Hillary Clinton, the most secretive, corrupt, extremist, left wing and lying administration that America has ever had the misfortune to run it. It has been built, intentionally, right from the beginning, prior to 2008, on a block of lies, fraud, treason and mis-information.

———————————-

The following information has come to light which throws an air of secrecy on a trip that Hilary Clinton made in early December 2012

Was the world’s media censored in covering a fatal accident that nearly killed Hilary Clinton in the Iranian City of Avaz and how did this small military aicraft, carrying such high profile passengers end up in Iran when such an aircraft carried sophisticated navigation equipment and would have normally flown coastal from Bahrain to overhead Kuwait and onwards to Baghdad as shown in the map below.

There are two stories milling around involving Hilary Clinton and also US Navy Seal Commander Job W. Price both of which could now totally be false if this report is correct………I will let you decide its authenticity!!

Suddenly Clinton falls from office and Senator John Kerry appears on the scene……..why did this women who appeared at almost every major international event, especially relating to the Middle East suddenly stop public engagements relinquish her post?

This is how the highly censored Zionist controlled media gave their explanation:

In December 2012, Clinton was hospitalized for treatment of a blood clot of her right transverse venous sinus, a vein within the head that allows blood to drain from the brain. Her doctors had discovered the clot during a follow-up examination for a concussion she had sustained when she had fainted and fallen nearly 3 weeks earlier, after developing severe dehydration from a viral intestinal ailment acquired during a trip to Europe.

The above explanation I find most interesting having served my time in the ambulance service……… have you ever met anyone with a blood clot and listened to just how agonizingly painful it is……especially within the head!!!!

Could this have been a spin off from a high speed air crash as a direct result of injuries to the head?

Clinton’s recovery from the concussion and treatment for the thrombosis led to postponement of her testifying to Congress on the September Benghazi matter………..that was another “US Flag Event”……..how very convenient!!

The sudden death of US Navy Seals is no new topic, especially after the “Bin Laden False Flag” fiasco and this high ranking Commander certainly has some questionable attributes worth investigating. It is alleged that Commander Price committed suicide and thus followed many of his gallant team who also died mysteriously in Afghanistan after the “Fake Bin Laden Attack.” This was the headlines that followed his death:

US Navy Seal Commander, Who Killed Osama Bin Laden, Commits “Apparent Suicide” in Afghanistan!!

SEAL Team 4 Commanding Officer Job W. Price

Hyderabad – SEAL Team 4 Commanding Officer Job W. Price commit suicide. He was best known for finding and then killing Osama bin Laden. Cmdr. Job W. Price, 42, died Saturday, Dec. 22, of a non-combat-related injury while supporting stability operations in Uruzgan Province, Afghanistan. Suicide of the Officer of this grade raises many questions among the media, as the team was best known for killing Osama Bin Laden that assaulted his compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan on May 1, 2011. Military officials are looking into the death of Cmdr. Job W. Price as a possible suicide, but that his death remains under investigation. Price, 42, of Pottstown, Pa., was in charge of coordinating all Team 4 missions. Price was in Afghanistan supporting stability operations in Uruzgan Province. He was assigned to an East Coast-based Naval Special Warfare unit based in Virginia Beach, Va. SEAL Team 4 is among eight SEAL team deployments. SEAL Team 6 is best known among them for finding and then killing Osama bin Laden. I guess it is now time to reveal what is floating around the “Truth News Outlets” and allow you the public to question who is telling the truth. This is one story that appeared in a New Delhi Magazine written by my friend Sandhya Jaim with the headline: Was Hillary Clinton on a secret mission to Iran? – By Sandhya Jain dated 05 Jan 2012

Was American Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on a secret mission to Iran in the first week of December 2012? More specifically, was her recent, rather long illness, due to injuries sustained in a plane crash during this assignment? According to reports emanating from Israeli and Russian intelligence sources, Clinton was injured, apparently seriously, and a top US Navy Seal Commander killed when their C-12 Huron military passenger and transport airplane crash landed in the Iranian city of Ahvaz near the Iraqi border. Tehran has so far refrained from commenting on the news which is circulating in cyberspace and informed diplomatic circles. What is interesting is that the Associated Press carried a new item on Dec. 30, 2012, that a US plane made a forced landing in Iran and it “was not clear why the announcement of the plane’s landing was not made earlier”. The report said: “A small American commercial plane left Iran Sunday after it was repaired following an emergency landing at an Iranian airport this month, state TV reported. The plane was forced to land 16 days ago at the airport of the southern city of Ahvaz due to technical failure, Mahmoud Rasoulinejad, head of the state-owned Iran Airports Company, told the TV station”. According to Russian intelligence sources, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad had previously landed at Ahvaz International Airport on an “unscheduled” visit. He had reputedly gone there to receive Clinton for secret negotiations regarding Iran’s nuclear programme. It is known that the Obama administration has for some time been in touch with senior representatives of Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. A Foreign Military Intelligence (GRU) report circulating in the Kremlin quotes Iranian intelligence agents as confirming that the C-12 Huron aircraft is still in their possession in Ahvaz, and that the plane was “forced to land because of technical problems”. The report says that the US Navy Seal member killed in the incident is Commander Job W. Price. As leader of this highly specialized American Special Forces unit, his job was to protect high-ranking diplomats traveling in Middle Eastern and Asian combat zones. American media have reported that Secretary Clinton will return to work next week after recovering from a “nasty bout with stomach flu” and a “concussion”. She has been ‘unwell’ for the past three weeks, the exact duration since the alleged plane crash, but has since been discharged from hospital. The GRU report states that US military flight logs recorded by Russian air and space forces confirm that Commander Price and other members of US Navy Seal Team 4 left their base in Urozgan Province, Afghanistan, on a flight to US Naval Support Activity Bahrain where they met with Secretary Clinton. They all transferred to the C-12 Huron that began a flight path to Baghdad, Iraq. But within minutes of leaving Bahrain airspace, the report says, the C-12 Huron “without notice” deviated from the assigned flight path heading, instead, directly towards Iran’s Ahwaz International Airport. According to Debka file, speculation about Clinton’s health began when she suddenly cancelled participation in the Friends of Syrian forum in Marrakesh on Dec 6, at a critical time in the war. It was first said she was down with flu, but on Dec 9 this was changed to a stomach bug. Then, on Dec. 10, the day before she was to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee on the September 11 terrorist attack on the US Consulate in Benghazi, the State Department announced she had sustained a concussion after fainting due to dehydration. Experts analysing the hospital bulletins feel something is amiss as blood-thinners are not usually given for blood clots related to concussion; the line of treatment is different. Rumours about Clinton being seriously injured while on a secret mission to Iran gathered intensity after Dec. 21 when President Barack Obama announced the nomination of Massachusetts Senator John Kerry as next Secretary of State. The sudden and unexplained death of Commander Job Price, 42, SEAL commander in Afghanistan, is believed to be linked to this incident, though the Pentagon officially reported that his sudden death on Dec. 22, in Uruzgan, Afghanistan, was under investigation. The US State Department on December 31, 2012, denied the report in a terse one line statement to a query from EU Times: Secretary of State Clinton was not injured or involved in a plane crash. But Hillary Clinton disappeared from the public for an unduly long period in a manner reminiscent of the sudden disappearance of Prince Bandar bin Sultan bin Abdulaziz, just days after he was appointed as head of Saudi intelligence. At that time, there were reports that Prince Bandar had been killed in a bomb attack on July 23 at the Saudi General Intelligence headquarters in Riyadh. The assassination was attributed to Syrian operatives as retaliation for the Damascus bombing on July 18 which killed members of Bashar al-Assad’s inner circle, including Defense Minister General Daoud Rajha. Till date, there has been no official statement from either Saudi Arabia or Syria confirming the alleged assassination. However, Saudi authorities did confirm the death of the Prince’s Deputy, Mashaal al-Qarni. Prince Bandar has not been seen in public since the bombing, but is reported to be alive. The author is Editor, www.vijayvaani.com: US Military C12 Huron This is another story about the incident: The European Union Times is reporting a very different story about Hillary Clinton than what is coming out of U.S. mainstream media. I have no way to gauge the veracity of the EU story, but merely publish it here for the record A new Foreign Military Intelligence (GRU) report circulating in the Kremlin today is saying that the United States Secretary of State Hilary Clinton was injured, and a top US Navy Seal Commander killed when their C-12 Huron military passenger and transport aircraft crash landed nearly 3 weeks ago in the Iranian city of Ahvaz near the Iraqi border.

Iranian intelligence agents quoted in this GRU report confirm that the C-12 Huron aircraft is still in their possession in Ahvaz, but will only admit that the plane was “forced to land because of technical problems”.

The US Navy Seal member reported killed in this bizarre incident, this report says, was identified as Commander Job W. Price who as a leader of this highly specialized American Special Forces unit protects high-ranking diplomats traveling in Middle Eastern and Asian combat zones.

Curiously, US media reports on Commander Price’s death say it being investigated as a possible suicide as he died from what the American Defense Department describes as “a non-combat related injury”.

Equally as curious, US media reports state that Secretary Clinton will return to work next week after her having suffered what they describe as a “nasty bout with stomach flu” and a “concussion” which have kept her missing from public view the past three weeks.

This GRU report, however, states that US military flight logs recorded by Russian air and space forces confirm that Commander Price, and other members of US Navy Seal Team 4, left their base in Urozgan Province, Afghanistan on a flight to US Naval Support Activity Bahrain where they met up with Secretary Clinton and all of them transferred to the C-12 Huron that began a flight path to Baghdad, Iraq.

Within minutes of leaving Bahrain airspace, this report says, the C-12 Huron carrying Secretary Clinton and her US Navy Seal protectors, “without notice,” deviated from their assigned flight path heading, instead, directly towards Iran’s Ahwaz International Airport where, coincidentally, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad had previously landed on an “unscheduled” visit.

Important to note, GRU analysts say in this report, was that when the C-12 Huron entered into Iranian airspace neither American nor Iran Air Force units responded clearly indicating that this secret mission was sanctioned.

Upon the C-12 Huron landing at Ahwaz, however, this report says it encountered “extreme turbulence” causing it to leave the runway where its main landing gear then collapsed causing it to crash.

Within seconds of the C-12 Huron crashing, this report continues, Iranian emergency and security personal responded freeing the victims, including Secretary Clinton who was reportedly unconscious and “bleeding profusely.”

After emergency aid was given, GRU agents stationed in Iran state that another US military flight was dispatched from Bahrain to Ahwaz which evacuated all of those wounded and killed in the crash including Secretary Clinton.

UPDATE: State Department denies Hillary was injured in a plane crash.

So there you have two reports but now I guess its time to look into other scattered reports about this incident and carry out some sort of analysis.

This was an Associated Press report with the headlines: Iran: US plane leaves after emergency landing

December 30, 2012 – Nasser Karimi

TEHRAN, Iran: A small American commercial plane left Iran Sunday after it was repaired following an emergency landing at an Iranian airport this month, state TV reported.

The plane was forced to land 16 days ago at the airport of the southern city of Ahvaz due to technical failure, Mahmoud Rasoulinejad, head of the state-owned

Iran Airports Company, told the TV station.

Rasoulinejad said three passengers left Iran for Arab countries in the Gulf, but the plane remained under repair in the airport. He said the plane took off from Iran Sunday upon arrival of needed spare parts and completion of repairs.

It was not clear why the announcement of the plane’s landing was not made earlier.

Iran is a member of the International Civil Aviation Organization, or ICAO, which requires members to come to the aid of civilian aircraft when requested.

The service was provided though Iran and U.S. are at odds over Tehran’s suspect nuclear program. The West believes it might be aimed at weapons development, a charge Iran denies.

The report below was Reuters account of the same incident:

U.S. plane stuck in Iran for repairs after emergency landing

Sunday, December 30, 2012 2:06 a.m. CST

DUBAI (Reuters) – A small U.S. commercial plane has been stuck in Iran for nearly three weeks after making an emergency landing near the city of Ahvaz, the country’s airports director said on Sunday.

The plane was forced to land because of technical problems, Mahmoud Rasoulinejad said, quoted by the Mehr news agency.

“After landing, the crew traveled on to countries around the Persian Gulf and the plane is currently being repaired,” he said.

Rasoulinejad did not specify who owned the aircraft, where it was headed or the nationality of the crew members. It would soon be ready to return to the skies, he said.

Falcon 900 Executive Jet

A separate report by state TV said the Falcon-900 plane had one passenger and two crew members and was flying to Rotterdam in the Netherlands from Abu Dhabi in United Arab Emirates when it encountered mechanical difficulties.

It said a French team from Abu Dhabi repaired the plane at Ahvaz airport.

http://dailystar.com.lb/News/Middle-East/2012/Dec-30/200345-small-us-plane-makes-emergency-landing-in-iran-report.ashx#ixzz2H8q7ZOPj

(The Daily Star :: Lebanon News :: http://www.dailystar.com.lb)

This however was another Reuters report on the incident, made the same day:

U.S. plane stuck in Iran for repairs after emergency landing

Sunday, December 30, 2012 2:06 a.m. CST

DUBAI (Reuters) – A small U.S. commercial plane has been stuck in Iran for nearly three weeks after making an emergency landing near the city of Ahvaz, the country’s airports director said on Sunday.

The plane was forced to land because of technical problems, Mahmoud Rasoulinejad said, quoted by the Mehr news agency.

“After landing, the crew traveled on to countries around the Persian Gulf and the plane is currently being repaired,” he said.

Rasoulinejad did not specify who owned the aircraft, where it was headed or the nationality of the crew members. It would soon be ready to return to the skies, he said

Just to add further authenticity on this incident you will find the report below as published by Press TV – Iran

US plane makes emergency landing in Iranian city of Ahvaz

The 3-member plane faced technical problems while passing over Iran’s airspace and this is the reason that the airport permitted it to make a landing.” Managing director of Iran’s airports, Mahmoud Rasoulinejad

A small commercial US plane has made an emergency landing in the southwestern Iranian city of Ahvaz after facing technical problems, an Iranian official says. The plane landed in Ahvaz airport some 20 days ago, managing director of Iran’s airports, Mahmoud Rasoulinejad said on Sunday. “The 3-member plane faced technical problems while passing over Iran’s airspace and this is the reason that the airport permitted it to make a landing,” he added.

Meanwhile, deputy governor general of Khuzestan Province Alireza Sheikh Rabat told Fars news agency that the US plane was travelling from Dubai to the Netherlands and asked permission for an emergency landing following technical problems.

He added that the crew have been transferred to their destination in coordination with the Swiss Embassy, which represents the US interests in Iran.

Note the interesting comments in regarding the above story:

jon from Mexico Dec 31, 2012 6:19 PM Who was in the plane except of crew? Europian media says there was Clinton on board and got hurt when the plane was landing. I would like to know the true. jenn1130in reply to jon from Mexico

12/31/2012 11:04:37 PM

yah, supposedly the concussion Clinton received was from the plane crash and it was a pretty bad head wound. That’s why she isn’t being allowed to show up in public. What was she doing in Iran???I have a feeling she got caught doing something “off the books”. We may not be seeing much more of her in the near future if this was the case. This is why you don’t sleep with satanic rats! A lesson many world leaders will face real soon.

Here are extracts from her official diary around the time of the crash which we can assume was on or around the 14th of December:

Secretary Clinton to Travel to the Czech Republic, Belgium, Ireland, and Northern Ireland

Note she is extremely busy prior to her last official visit to Northern Ireland on the 7th of December 2012 as her formal diary shows with the following extraction:

DEPARTMENT OF STATE

PUBLIC SCHEDULE

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 7, 2012

SECRETARY HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON

Secretary Clinton is on foreign travel to Belfast, Northern Ireland. Secretary Clinton is accompanied by Assistant Secretary Gordon, Assistant Secretary Posner, Ambassador Verveer, Special Representative Balderston, Spokesperson Nuland, Director Sullivan, Senior Director for European Affairs Liz Sherwood Randall, and VADM Harry B. Harris, Jr., JCS.

There is no way you will ever find out the truth as to what really happened to me but one thing for sure is that I missed out on giving evidence on the “Benghazi False Flag”……….LOL!!!

Then suddenly she goes AWOL (absent without official leave) as her diary clearly shows – I wonder why?

DEPARTMENT OF STATE

PUBLIC SCHEDULE

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 2012

SECRETARY HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON

Secretary Clinton has no public events.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE

PUBLIC SCHEDULE

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 2012

SECRETARY HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON

Secretary Clinton has no public events.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE

PUBLIC SCHEDULE

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, 2012

SECRETARY HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON

Secretary Clinton has no public events.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE

PUBLIC SCHEDULE

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 2012

SECRETARY HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON

Secretary Clinton has no public events.

Then we jump to the 17th of December 2012 with the following:

DEPARTMENT OF STATE

PUBLIC SCHEDULE

MONDAY, DECEMBER 17, 2012

SECRETARY HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON

Secretary Clinton has no public events.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE

PUBLIC SCHEDULE

TUESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 2012

SECRETARY HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON

Secretary Clinton has no public events.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE

PUBLIC SCHEDULE

WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 2012

SECRETARY HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON

Secretary Clinton has no public events.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE

PUBLIC SCHEDULE

THURSDAY, DECEMBER 20, 2012

SECRETARY HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON

Secretary Clinton has no public events.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE

PUBLIC SCHEDULE

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 21, 2012

SECRETARY HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON

Secretary Clinton has no public events.

So there you have it folks….believe it or not!!

Here are some of my own observations:

Note in the above version Rasoulinejad states the aircraft is said to be still under repair and had not flown out on the day of the article as reported in the previous story.

Based on the above information it would appear that the aircraft crashed on or around the 14th of December 2012.

Again one would have to ask the question was this a US Military Aircraft and if so it would have hardly been flying within Iranian airspace…..especially with the current US-Iranian standoff and existing sanctions………..so was it on a top secret mission?

I would wish to point out that based on my current series of stories regarding the collapse of the New World Order could this have been a behind the scenes approach by the New World Order to smooth over relations with Iran and at the same time allow key players the opportunity to fall from power without loosing face?

As a footnote I am sure you will all agree that to put out a story of suicide on such a high ranking US Navy Seal Commander is extremely distasteful especially when such highly trained members of these elite forces are willing to sacrifice themselves for their leader or country!!!

—————————–

What you should all be aware of is the fact that more than likely we will now experience a significant false flag event to take away the attention on Obama and Clinton over the Benghazi false flag…….what that event will turn out to be should be of grave concern……from my perspective it could well be the creation of yet another Libya style “No Fly Zone” in Syria (which is an act of war) with the distinct possibility of it becoming a major conflict in the Middle East leading to WWIII.

——————————

Peter Eyre – Broadcaster – Investigative Journalist – Middle East Consultant – Political Analysis – 11/5/2013                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0236609-a1e4206253428b46962c1261b1f5b569.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001573 00000000000 014533  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Cospa is living up to their name with a couple of interesting wearable items now for sale. With the Hello!! Kiniro Mosaic anime coming up, pre-order have launched for Karen Kujo parkas, available in three sizes and men's and ladies fits for 17,280 yens ahead of a July release via their Nijigencospa bishoujo label.

Sewn in Japanese factories, here's Karen's trademark British Flag Union Jack jacket! It's suitable for everyday use, or with the Kinmoza! uniform offered by the company's Cospatio label.

And, as the KanColle anime docks for now, their Cospatio cosplay label has Sendai Class Light Cruiser uniforms, shipping in June for 54,000yen in three sizes

The set includes

-Jacket

-Scarf

-Waist belt

-Hand cover

-Gloves

-Skirt



-------

Scott Green is editor and reporter for anime and manga at geek entertainment site Ain't It Cool News. Follow him on Twitter at @aicnanime.                                                                                                                                     0236608-eb524e64f7738394d72c54aa7ce51cfd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002220 00000000000 015204  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Donald Trump tonight defended his support of waterboarding by citing an apparently apocryphal story of a U.S. general who halted Muslim attacks in the Philippines in the early 1900s by shooting the rebels with bullets dipped in pigs’ blood.

The story about Gen. John Pershing’s efforts to quell the Moro Rebellion around 1911 has been widely discredited. Snopes.com rates it as an unsubstantiated “legend.”

But Trump brought it up during a rally in North Charleston the night before the South Carolina primary: “He took fifty bullets, and he dipped them in pig’s blood. And he had his men load his rifles and he lined up the fifty people, and they shot 49 of those people. And the fiftieth person he said ‘You go back to your people and you tell them what happened.’ And for 25 years there wasn’t a problem, okay?”

Trump added, “So we better start getting tough and we better start getting vigilant, and we better start using our heads or we’re not going to have a country, folks.”

Trump says waterboarding is “minimal, minimal, minimal torture” compared with the tactics used by Islamic State militants.

Additional Reporting by TPM.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0236448-95600f8cf50ad1627a8cc8cd729a2756.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014227 00000000000 015055  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Infringements of traffic laws by cyclists may be due to the lack of enforcement of the rules designed to protect them

Anna Soper's recent article on cycling in Toronto highlighted two key points in creating a safe environment for cyclists: decent infrastructure to keep cyclists separate from other traffic, and proper enforcement of traffic laws when cyclists and other road users have to mix. Compared with some other countries, the UK has relatively limited cycle infrastructure, and dedicated cycle lanes are comparatively rare.

We do though seem to have an increasing number of advanced stop zones (ASZs) at traffic lights – the painted-on boxes for cyclists at the front of the queue. ASZs have the potential to contribute to a safer environment by giving cyclists a visible position and a head-start on queuing traffic. But for ASZs to contribute to cycle safety, they have to function as they were intended.

An ASZ is made up of two stop lines – the first at the entry to the box, and the second further forward by the lights. When the lights are red, approaching motorists are required to stop at the first line (and are not allowed to enter the box). Cyclists may enter the box when the lights are red, but strictly speaking must do so from the "feeder" cycle lane which should accompany every ASZ. As the feeder lane is normally on the left, cyclists abiding by this rule will often have to undertake stationary traffic, a move which is discouraged.

Breaking the rules on ASZs is an offence, and you can be given a fixed penalty. For cyclists the maximum fixed penalty is £30, whereas a motorist can be fined £60 and given three points on their licence. Alternatively both cyclists and motorists can be prosecuted, in which case the penalties can be significantly more severe, especially if someone is injured.

Although it's an offence for a motorist to enter the ASZ at a red light, if they were already in the box when the light went red, it's not an offence to stop there – in fact the law requires them to do so. This makes enforcement more difficult, as the police actually have to see the car enter the box in order to know whether an offence has been committed.

I asked a number of police forces for statistics showing how many fixed penalty notices they issue to motorists for unlawfully entering ASZs. Legally this is the same offence as jumping a red light where there is no ASZ, so many forces don't keep separate statistics for ASZ infringements. For example, the Metropolitan police says that it has "no current operational requirement" for the separate information.

One force which does hold separate statistics for ASZs is the City of London police. A spokesperson told me that in the past three years City Police issued 12 fixed penalties to motorists for entering ASZs unlawfully. Yet in the same period it handed out just over 6,000 fixed penalties to cyclists for jumping red lights.

Why is there such a difference in the numbers? Inspector Dave Aspinall, of the City police's roads policing unit, said:

"City of London police officers take a targeted approach to enforcement within the Square Mile that tackles poor road use and makes the roads safer for everyone. It is an approach based on analysis of the collisions we see here in the City, [...] and any road user seen committing a traffic offence is dealt with appropriately and proportionately."

The Met uses the same argument – that it is acting as it sees fit to improve road safety. The Met does not separately record the numbers of motorists infringing ASZs, but does record the number of fixed penalties it hands out each year for red light offences as a whole. Since 2008 it has issued about 3,000 fixed penalties annually at the roadside to motorists for these offences. In the same period the number of fixed penalties for cyclists for red light offences has gone up from around 1,000 in 2008, to 1,700 in 2009, to over 3,000 in 2010. So the figures for cyclists and motorists are now roughly equal. The Met says that this is "a result of police attempting to make cycling safer in London".

Is this really making cycling safer at traffic lights? Clamping down on jumping red lights might prevent some collisions, but it doesn't help cyclists who stop at red , which is what ASZs are designed to do.

A study conducted for Transport for London in 2005 found that at traffic lights without an ASZ, 54% of the cyclists who stopped for the red light did so beyond the stop line and in the pedestrian crossing (which can be a separate offence). Where there was an ASZ, the study found that 40% of cyclists still stopped beyond the ASZ and in the crossing. The study didn't determine whether the cyclists were doing so because the ASZ was taken up by cars, but it suggests that (at least in 2005) cyclists didn't feel safe in ASZs. As Anna Soper said in her article about Toronto (attracting criticism from many commenters), some infringements of the traffic laws by cyclists must be due to the lack of enforcement of the rules designed to protect them.

What can be done to improve the enforcement of ASZs? Firstly, effective monitoring of enforcement activity might actually lead to more enforcement action being taken. So all police forces should be encouraged to record separate statistics on ASZ infringements.

More radically, ASZs could be enforced by using cameras to detect infringements. The Met has confirmed that camera technology of the kind already deployed in London for red light-jumping could be used to catch motorists entering the box on red.

But the placing of red light cameras is subject to guidance from the Department for Transport, which suggests that the cameras should only be placed at junctions where there have been collisions leading to deaths or serious injuries. And since 2007, local authorities no longer keep revenues from safety cameras, meaning the cameras are not self-funding. So the use of cameras to detect ASZ infringements would require action from the government: a change to the DfT's guidance, and more funding.

What do you think? How can cyclist safety at red lights be improved?

• Jorren Knibbe is a barrister and writes about cycling law at UK Cycle Rules. This article is for information only and is not intended as legal advice.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0236024-2c4b1f346242839ca26334b1809c2987.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010435 00000000000 014530  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        At least three prominent journalists have been arrested in Iran in a fresh crackdown on press freedom ahead of the country's parliamentary elections in March.

Two journalists, Marzieh Rasouli and Parastoo Dokouhaki, and photojournalist Sahamoddin Bourghani were arrested separately by officials believed to be from the Iranian security services.

Rasouli, who has been working for the arts and culture sections of some of the country's leading reformist newspapers, is reported to have been arrested at home in the early hours of Tuesday and taken to Tehran's Evin prison.

According to reports published on Iranian opposition websites, security officers showed a warrant for her arrest, which accused her of "acting against national security", a vague charge the Islamic regime has often used to convict many of the country's activists and journalists, especially since Iran's 2009 disputed presidential elections.

In recent years, many reformist publications have been closed down temporarily or permanently. As a result, Rasouli was among a group of journalists with little job security, often changing the publication she worked for after only a few months. During the presidency of the former reformist leader Mohammad Khatami, when newspapers enjoyed relatively more freedom in reporting, Rasouli edited the music pages of Shargh newspaper, which has recently resumed publication after months of closure. She has also worked for the reformist Etemaad and Roozegar newspapers.

Mohamed Abdel Dayem, programme co-ordinator for the Middle East and North Africa at the New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists, said: "Iran, which in 2011 was the world's leading jailer of journalists with 42 imprisoned, is intent on using the legal system as a tool to silence critical media."

He added: "Tehran continues to maintain a revolving prison door, releasing some journalists while arresting others on a regular basis. The recent spate of media arrests in the opening weeks of the year is an illustration of that policy."

Dokouhaki, a graduate in media studies from London's School of Oriental and African Studies, who has not been active in journalism in recent years because of restrictions imposed on the media, was arrested on Sunday night.

According to one of her friends, who spoke on condition of anonymity, officers ransacked her room and confiscated her laptop and some of her documents before taking her into custody.

"She has been very depressed in recent years due to the death of her father and also the restrictions on media in the country," her friend said. "She was not politically active and was only working as a researcher on social and cultural issues. We are very worried for her health right now."

Dokouhaki, whose blog, Zan-Nevesht, is well-known among the country's online community, was also a women's rights activist in the past. She campaigned for female fans to be allowed to enter stadiums.

"With less than two months before the country's sensitive elections in March, Iran is sending a signal to the country's online community and journalists, warning them that they do not tolerate any kind of opposition," said her friend.

Kaleme.com, a website close to the opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi, reported on Wednesday that Bourghani was the latest victim in the recent arrests of journalists.

Mehrad Vaezinejad, an Iranian freelance journalist based in London who has closely followed the work of Bourghani, said: "He was the son of the late Ahmad Bourghani, a prominent member of Khatami's cultural affairs team. He did work for Etemad-e Melli [the newspaper of leading reformist Mehdi Karroubi] before it was banned by the authorities last year."

According to Kaleme, in recent weeks at least three other journalists have also been arrested. They have been identified as Fatemeh Kheradmand, Saeed Madani and Ehsan Hooshmand. On Wednesday, it emerged that the Iranian authorities have also arrested an acclaimed translator, Mohammad Soleimani-nia.

"It seems that as we get closer to the parliamentary elections in March, the regime gets more and more worried about the possibility of yet another political crisis. A campaign of fear seems to be in order," said Vaezinejad.

Earlier this month, it emerged that Iran is also clamping down on web users with draconian rules on cybercafes and preparations to launch a national internet.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0236555-0a5a3b83d632704230a3ad823033f123.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011474 00000000000 014561  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        WASHINGTON — Canada’s NAFTA negotiators are on a fact-finding mission this week in Washington, seeking places where compromises might be found in the new year when the talks enter a critical, potentially do-or-die phase.

Officials from the three NAFTA countries began gathering Monday at a downtown hotel for a week of meetings between formal rounds. Canadian officials say they expect less-controversial chapters to get closer to completion.

They don’t foresee formal offers, counter-offers, and text-tabling happening on some of the hardest issues.

Instead, one official said, the Canadian team intends to try learning more about what the U.S. hopes to achieve as an end goal, on auto parts for instance, to see whether there might be constructive pathways for achieving it that all countries can live with.

“We’re prepared to have conversations to better understand their priorities,” said the Canadian official, speaking on condition of anonymity given the sensitivity of the talks. “Perhaps there are other solutions…. We are always prepared to think creatively.”

Several of the toughest issues have seen early impasses: they include auto parts, agriculture, and dispute-resolution mechanisms. Canada and Mexico have described some U.S. proposals as non-starters, and have frustrated some U.S. officials by refusing to make counter-offers so far.

One trade-watcher warns the clock is ticking.

Dan Ujczo says several situations will soon push the NAFTA situation to a head, with President Donald Trump facing a decision, likely by March, on whether to take steps to withdraw the U.S. from continental trade agreement.

Those include the approaching Mexican election and U.S. midterm primaries; the conclusion of the easier, non-controversial NAFTA chapters; a U.S. debate over whether to extend its so-called fast-track law; and the end of the currently scheduled round of talks, all of which are happening around the same time.

The Dickinson Wright lawyer says Trump will be tempted to make a big move around that time, before the U.S. midterm election season — so he can say he kept his promise to either rip up or renegotiate NAFTA.

That means, with the next formal round of talks scheduled for next month in Montreal, Canada and Mexico will be under pressure to start counter-proposing soon, Ujczo said.

“I think this (week in Washington) is a clean-up-the-text round. Clean up the text, and really tee up the issues for 2018. (But) my biggest fear is we’re going to run out of clock in 2018,” he said in an interview.

“If it becomes clear after Montreal that people aren’t negotiating, that there’s not a negotiation happening on autos and agriculture, they’re going to say, ‘What are you gonna do now, Mr. President?’ And then the reality is, even if he doesn’t want to act, he has to do some things by March…

“If I was Canada and Mexico I wouldn’t give him an excuse to issue a notice to withdraw… You’ve got to counter-propose on some of these issues. And come up with creative solutions. Doing nothing is not an option here.”

Trump himself has cited the trade issue as a major reason he got elected.

The president said so in a speech to a partisan rally last Friday, where he revealed that he and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau have debated in private about whether the U.S. has a trade deficit with Canada.

Trump insists it does. The most recent statistics from his own U.S. Trade Representative say it doesn’t.

The fact that this controversial yardstick for economic success is even the subject of a debate, especially given that the balance is so tiny compared to the U.S. trade deficit with other countries, especially China, doesn’t bode well, according to the former U.S. ambassador to Canada.

Bruce Heyman tweeted over the weekend: “When our trade negotiations devolve into a public he said/he said situation or a disagreement over a deficit or surplus that amounts to less than 3 per cent of total trade we are at an ominous point.”

Canada’s chief negotiator described the state of play in recent testimony to Parliament.

Steve Verheul said Canada is capable of making constructive suggestions, but he called the auto proposal completely unworkable, and said his side is trying to figure out what the U.S. really wants from this negotiation.

He said the other countries can offer solutions, if the U.S. wants solutions that benefit the region.

“We will not accept U.S. proposals that would fundamentally weaken the benefits of NAFTA for Canada, and undermine the competitiveness of the North American market in regard to the rest of the world,” Verheul said.

“That is one of the issues we’re struggling with: What does the U.S. need for a win? Because I think we can certainly bring a lot of creativity to the table in developing outcomes that could be characterized as a U.S. win, or as a North American win.”                                                                                                                                                                                                    0236629-13b0afa54bf6c50d63e1cac044831b6f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004506 00000000000 015234  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A nine-year veteran of the Cypress Police Department was killed in a three-vehicle collision on the 405 Freeway on Sunday morning.

Officer Matt Ward, 33, who was off duty, was driving his 5-year-old son to a Boy Scouts event shortly after 9 a.m. when another driver lost control of his vehicle near the border of Huntington Beach and Westminster. That car collided with a second vehicle, which hit Ward’s truck. The impact caused the second vehicle to flip and forced Ward’s truck to crash into the center divider.

Ward’s son survived the crash with minor injuries, but Ward was pronounced dead at the scene. The driver of the second vehicle sustained “major injuries” and was transported to a local hospital, according to the California Highway Patrol, which is investigating the cause of the crash.

Ward worked for the Cypress Police Department as a detective and patrol officer, and led the police Explorer program, which mentors teens hoping to enter law enforcement. Before joining the Cypress department, Ward worked at the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department in its jails.

Ward was a graduate of Los Alamitos High School. He attended UC Santa Cruz for his bachelor’s degree in legal studies and obtained a master’s of public administration from Brandman University, Cypress Police Chief Rod Cox said.

Aaron Ireland, 38, who described Ward as his best friend, said the Cypress officer was a very intelligent man who liked to travel, go on motorcycle road trips with his friends and spend time with his family.

“He was just an around good dude – nice to everybody, good dad, good friend, good husband,” Ireland said. “He always wanted to be a police officer. He liked to help people, serve people, protect people. He was very selfless.”

“We’re still trying to wrap our heads around it.”

Ward most recently worked as a homeless liaison officer and motorcycle officer, said Cypress police Commander Jim Olson. He said Ward would be remembered for a keen sense of humor.

“He brought positivity, a warm smile and a superb work ethic” to the job, Olson said.

Cypress police honored Ward on Sunday in an “end of watch” tribute on Facebook.

Ward is survived by his wife, Allison, and his two sons, Liam, 5, and Anderson, 2.

The California Highway Patrol has asked anyone who witnessed the collision to call 714-892-4426.                                                                                                                                                                                          0236339-4616ee41d7a499cfa5e757f092bda4b9.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007305 00000000000 015221  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        City analysts say rise in value of sterling is not vote of confidence in UK – but rather vote of no confidence in eurozone

Sterling climbed to its highest level against the euro in almost two years on Monday as concerns grew in the financial markets about the deepening crisis in the single currency.

A pound at one stage bought more than €1.23 on the foreign exchanges – making foreign holidays cheaper but UK exports to the single-currency zone more expensive.

Fears that "austerity fatigue" is setting in among voters were heightened after figures were released showing that Spain – the country thought to be next in line for a bailout – has slid back into recession.

The pound was also stronger against the US dollar, where last week's weaker-than-expected growth figures for the first three months of 2012 were followed by a closely watched barometer of business in Chicago. Although figures last week showed the UK economy suffering from a double-dip recession, dealers are now anxious that the recovery in the world's biggest economy is losing momentum.

City analysts said the rise in the value of the pound was not a vote of confidence in the UK but rather a vote of no confidence in the eurozone, where growth prospects are deemed to be worse than they are in Britain. Speculation that the Bank of England will be reluctant to expand its £325bn quantitative easing programme has also underpinned the pound over the past month, a period when pressure has mounted on bond markets in Spain and Italy.

Valentin Marinov, currency analyst with CitiFX in New York, said the next few days could be crucial for the pound because the monthly Purchasing Manager Index (PMI) surveys starting on Tuesday of manufacturing, construction and services would be closely watched for evidence that last week's figures showing a 0.2% drop in gross domestic product in the first three months of the year gave a false picture of the true state of the economy.

"The reason for that is the fact that investors largely ignored the very disappointing quarter one GDP data released last week on the grounds that the PMIs were largely upbeat. Indications that the sentiment indicators declined more than expected in April could undermine to a degree market confidence that the UK growth figures will be revised significantly to the upside in coming weeks. In turn, renewed growth concerns could erode some of the interest rate advantage of sterling ahead of the regular Bank of England meeting and the release of the Bank's inflation report in the next couple of weeks."

Dealers are looking to see whether the pound can break through €1.24 against the euro, a level it has not reached since 2008, the year the UK began its deepest recession since the second world war. Sterling lost 25% of its value during the financial and economic crisis of 2007-09, making exports more competitive but adding to upward pressure on the cost of living through more expensive imports.

Further increases in sterling's exchange rate will make it harder for the government to achieve its aim of export-led growth, an objective that has already been put in jeopardy by the sovereign debt crisis in the eurozone. The Spanish government on Monday said the economy contracted by 0.3% for a second successive quarter, while the authorities in Greece reported that retail sales in February were down 13% on a year earlier. Markets are also nervous about the results of the forthcoming Greek general election and the French presidential race.

Kathleen Brooks, a director at currency trader Forex.com, said: "The eurozone crisis is the key driver of why the euro has been weakening. The downtrack in the euro has been building up for a while. Things in the UK are not great, but in Europe they are worse."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0236605-deac3ba8039fbf72f240549848d787aa.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006437 00000000000 015216  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Today, the 3.4-mile stretch of Hausman Road connecting Loop 1604 to Interstate 10 is four lanes wide and has large sidewalks and bike lanes.

It’s a shining example, as local leaders noted Monday, of why voters should approve the 2017 bond program in May.

The $73.5 million finished project, with its five bridges spanning dangerous low-water crossings, stands in stark contrast to what used to be there three years ago: a curbless, meandering two-lane road on the south side of the University of Texas at San Antonio that wasn’t conducive to the massive traffic loads in the bustling Northwest Side corridor.

“Demographers project that in the next three decades, our population in San Antonio will double,” District 8 Councilman Ron Nirenberg said. “The Texas State Data Center says that we’re adding about 100 cars a day to the roadways, and by 2040, commute times are estimated to increase an average of 75 percent across the city.”

Addressing such challenges, he said, is done by completing projects like Hausman Road.

Mayor Ivy Taylor, who attended the ribbon-cutting ceremony with City Manager Sheryl Sculley and former District 8 Councilman Reed Williams, said the Hausman project was originally estimated to take some 15 years.

But Williams dedicated his district’s 2012 bond allocation to the project, Taylor and Sculley said, and insisted that the city use leftover funds from the 2007 bond program to fully design the project so it would be ready for construction after the 2012 bond was approved.

For his part, Williams said he bucked tradition when he honed in on the need for the project years ago.

“There’s always been a tendency to spread the political salve around every little wound, you know?” he said to laughter from the audience. “We had a sucking chest wound right here, OK? We weren’t going to stub your toe or something — if we didn’t solve this, we were going to be gummed up for hundreds of years.”

The jovial former councilman continued, saying that when city staffers pitched the project to him, it was originally envisioned as a three-phase project.

“I said, ‘Let me add it up. OK, that’s about 15 years — I’ll be dead!’ It ain’t gonna happen!”

Williams said the point to his tale is that leaders have to triage the biggest problems their community faces, make decisions and stick with them.

“You’ve got to solve the big ones first, or you can’t grow,” Williams said. “And if you can’t grow you’re going to go into decline.”

The project, which also includes a connection to the Leon Creek Greenway and 19 new parking spaces at the trailhead, pooled funds from several sources: $43.5 million from the 2012 bond, $15.8 million from Bexar County, $7.7 million from the San Antonio Water System, $3.9 million from CPS Energy, $1.7 million in savings from the 2007 bond, and $1.3 million from the city’s Parks and Recreation Department, according to city documents.

Sculley noted that the project was completed on time and on budget.

“Here we are at the end of that 2012 bond program, opening and dedicating this bond project,” she said. “I ask you to keep that in mind as you think about the 2017 bond program, because as it’s been said, we’re in deliberations about that, and we’re committed to make sure we complete these projects well.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0236610-9d29d8f9a740e797c50e0bdb63d7a8be.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000133041 00000000000 015272  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Professor Arc 4

Well here we go. I put an inspired scene in here!

Jaune gripped the cigarette between his teeth. He pulled out his lighter and opened the hollow top. Flicking it twice, a small flame bursted out and he leaned in to light his cigarette.

"You know those'll kill you." Hei said, pouring out another glass, Bourbon this time, for the hunter.

Jaune chuckled, grabbing the glass. "Everything can eventually" Jaune raised his glass in a mock toast, before taking a sip. Jaune took a small drag as he thought about what Ozpin had told him.

'Reconnecting huh.' Jaune blew out some smoke, watching the wisp slowly float. He tried to give her some advice, push her towards the straight and narrow. Josephine always had a good head on her shoulders, knowing what was right and what was wrong. He wasn't worried about that. He was worried that one day she might go too far to help someone, or that she would be too scared.

Jaune took another drink as he sighed. Their father had never been the most kind. Strict, unyielding. Held them to a standard. Seeing your older siblings triumph, made you stand in awe. But, honestly it pressured him. He had taken that pressure out on others, screwed up in his early days at Beacon. His team and Ozpin had straightened him out soon enough.

Josephine, though, never really had that support. When he had been growing up, he had known he was getting the family heirloom. Some bullshit reason of being the only son. Josephine, being the youngest, never had anything to look forward to. Just a long path of trying to follow the older siblings. And it hurt her confidence, made her indecisive.

'Ozpin's right' Jaune sighed, resting his hand on his cheek. 'I can't just keep dancing around her.'

"Penny for your thoughts?" A feminine voice asked him to the side. Jaune looked over and saw green eyes staring back at him. She had short black hair and pale green eyes. Her get-up was heavy on the red.

"More like a couple hundred dollar bills." Jaune smiled with a wink. He stuffed out his cigarette. The girl looked around 18, maybe 19. He didn't want to pass on any bad habits.

The girl smirked at him. "Expensive aren't you." She sat down and leaned against the counter, staring at him. "Name's Miltiades, Call me Miltia." she introduced herself.

"Well Miltia" Jaune nodded. "I'm Jaune Arc."

"Arc..." Miltia repeated, as if trying to remember the name. "Like that Hunter, arena fighter in Atlas?"

Jaune shrugged, probably one of his sisters. "Yea, probably. I got a lot of sisters."

Milta snorted. "Wow, Can't keep track of them all? What you got like fifty of them?"

"Don't keep in contact." Jaune shrugged, finishing off his Bourban. "And it's only seven"

"Hey Junior, get him another." Miltia called to Hei.

"Junior?" Jaune asked.

"Ugh." Hei, 'Junior', groaned. "Don't start calling me that." He shook his head as he poured Jaune another drink. "Junior" Hei bit out the word. "Is what my father called me. He's the one that help start this bar in the first place. He comes by every so often, so everyone picked up the name." Hei rubbed his head with annoyed look on his face. Miltia winked at him in jest.

"Really..." Jaune murmured. 'Father huh.' He hadn't talked to his father in a very long time. Most of time, he hated and respected his father. He was an amazing hunter, revered by many, but a terrible father. To get away, he would take Josephine out, play with her. She was like his safety net for the stress and pressure.

'Josie.' Jaune swirled the new glass of Bourbon. The amber liquid swirled gently in the cub, ice clinking inside. "Anywhere you would recommend to take someone?" Jaune asked Mitia.

Miltia raised an eyebrow. "You got a girlfriend?"

Jaune laughed and shook his head. "Sister."

Miltia grinned. "Me and my sis like to go out to the movies. They have a good one by Acorn Street. Nice seats and really cool screens. You can even lay back slightly, and the seats are spread out at just the right distance so you aren't squished."

Jaune nodded, listening in. It seemed like a good place to take her. He could probably take her out to dinner too. But, something caught his attention from the corner of his eye. One of the men in black suits, the usual get up for a worker at the club, ran up to Junior worriedly. They both talked quickly, and Junior paled.

Jaune didn't react to it, instead he started to take out his wallet. "By Acorn street right? Any movies that are good?" He asked Miltia, while taking out a couple bills.

Miltia tapped her lipped in thought. "A couple. House on the water. It's a drama. Ummm." Jaune placed the bills on the counter and kept track of Junior. He was directing some men to take over the bar. The bartender quickly left the room, grabbing something along the way. Looks like trouble.

"There's Knockout, that ones a comedy. It's pretty fun." Miltia continued.

"Thanks." Jaune cut her off, with a small smile. "I'll be sure to look 'em up."

Miltia nodded. "Come on back. Hope you become a regular. A lot of the other regular's are boring."

Jaune chuckled and nodded. "Thanks. See ya." Jaune left out the door, putting his wallet back in his pocket. As soon as he was outside, he looked around. He saw Junior walk briskly down the street. Instead of following him on the street, Jaune walked into the alleyway next to the bar. Scanning the area quickly, he saw no cameras. Jaune bent his knees, pushing aura into his knees and foot and jumped. He launched himself upwards and at the wall, using his feet to brace himself against the impact. As soon as he hit the wall, he crouched again and jumped once more.

The Hunter soared upwards and reached the top of the buildings. 'Oof' Juane grunted as he landed to the top. 'haven't done that in while' There wasn't exactly buildings out in the wilderness of Vacuo.

Jaune scanned the streets again and spotted Hei easily. Jaune walked after him, slowly. Even if Hei was unlikely to look up, Jaune wanted to be careful, just in case. The bartender moved quickly and with a purpose.

Jaune was interested the case, it was quite large. Was there a buy? Unlikely, there would be more people with him and the guy, who reported to Junior, seemed worried. A screw up then? But, if Junior was a boss than why would he need to go in person?

Jaune hopped on the rooftops of the building, following the bartender into the industrial area. The roofs were farther apart, being warehouses, so it was a bit harder to follow on just he rooftops. Jaune made his way down and followed silently.

Junior made his way to a large warehouse, and placed his scroll on the side The door opened up and Junior opened it slowly. Jaune couldn't see what Junior saw, but it made the man drop his case. Junior hung his head and placed his hand on his face. He looked... in pain.

Jaune started to walk over, as Junior entered the Warehouse. And than Jaune saw it, a dead body. Jaune winced, but continued forward. Junior must have known the guy. Business partners or friends, who knows.

'Here goes.' Jaune finally reached the warehouse, as Junior was kneeling down next to the body. The body had obviously been there for awhile, judging by the horrific smell.

"Junior." Jaune called out.

Junior spun around, grabbing his case and opening it. Jaune tensed slightly, ready to dodge. The bartender pulled out a large bat, and judging by the gears on it, it looked like a transformable weapon. Jaune saw the angry look in the man's eyes and waited, holding his hands up in a show of peace.

Junior blinked as he saw Jaune, but didn't lower his weapons. "Jaune what are you doing here."

"Checking up on you. You left the bar quickly." Jaune carefully said, still holding his hands up.

"Well you shouldn't be here." Junior growled out. "And you must have followed me for quite a bit. Which means you've got training. So, you a hunter?"

Jaune shrugged. "Professor actually. But, it seems you aren't just a bartender." Jaune nodded at the bat in Junior's hands.

Junior's grip tightened slightly. "You aren't reacting to the body. Why?"

Jaune looked at the body. The poor bastard never had a chance. It must have been a surprise attack and with a very strong gun. The man's upper half was-

Jaune sighed as he shrugged again. "I've seen worse."

"Seen worse or done worse?" Junior asked carefully, lowering the bat slightly .

"Both." Jaune responded.

Junior looked uneasy for a moment, before lowering his weapon. "I shouldn't be trusting you."

"No, you shouldn't" Jaune agreed. He wouldn't either. "But, I think this can convince you." Jaune pulled out his scroll, tapping a couple buttons. Jaune flipped the scroll over and showed it to Junior.

The bartender read over the screen for a moment, his eyes widening as he did so. "T-this is. Y-your a-" Junior paled. "I thought you guys weren't supposed to exist."

"The type of hunter I am isn't important." Jaune cut him off "Lets focus. I'll help you look for the killer."

Junior shook off his surprise. He took a breath, trying to settle himself.

'Must be rough.' Dealing with a dead body and now finding out I'm a hunter' Jaune pitied the guy. But, Junior seemed like the tough type.

Junior rubbed his face, and looked back at Jaune. "Why? This doesn't involve you. Unless, you're forcing yourself into it."

Jaune ran a hand through his hair. "Really? A loose killer on the streets where my students run around on their free time?" Jaune sighed. "That's one of my reasons. But, the other reasons are more private."

"You with the police?" He asked with an accusing tone.

Jaune shook his head, looking Junior dead in the eyes. "No."

"Than lets keep it that way. No police involved in this." Junior said, putting away his bat. "Do I have your word?"

"You got my word." Jaune nodded. "First off, what do you store here?"

Junior, instead of answering, looked down at the body and sighed. He knelt down and started patting the corpse's pockets. After a few moments of searching, Junior let out another long sigh. "I thought so. The keys aren't on him. Whoever attacked him must have wanted the goods." Junior stood up and walked past the body. "Follow me." He said gruffly.

Jaune nodded and followed slowly. 'Goods. Does he do trafficking?' If Junior did, than it would fill a lot of holes. The weapons on his goons, the reason why Yang went to the club for answers. This guy probably was connected in the 'criminal' areas. 'A good starting point for me at least' Jaune thought. He would eventually have to start building his connections in Vale.

This would be a good start.

Junior led him to the back area, towards a small empty lot. It actually seemed odd, considering the amount of storage area. Everywhere else seemed jam packed and over stuffed, to have a small area where there was nothing...

"Did there used to be something here?" Jaune asked.

Junior shrugged. "give me a minute. Junior took out his scroll and tapped a couple buttons. Floors of the empty space turned out to be retractable doors and a platform rose up. A large rack of weapon holders and boxes were on the platform, but most of them were empty.

"Shit." Junior cursed. He looked over at Jaune and explained. "We stored weapons here." Jaune walked through the small racks of empty gun holders and empty boxes. 'Assualt rifles, Shotguns, couple boxes for shells, everything you can get at a local gun store.' Jaune cataloged. 'Why was he here than?'

"You normally traffics guns?" Jaune asked.

"Yea. Normal stuff. Only for under the table deals for my boys and some others who don't want to get licensed." Junior explained.

Getting licensed to carry a gun was a pain in Vale. It cost more money to get a license than it took to buy the actual gun and cases. And unless you were a certified hunter, you would be put in a database. It's what made the crime in Vale low, but it also restricted a lot of things. People probably wanted a couple guns of their own, for various reasons. 'But, this robber wouldn't be going after this store just for the guns.' Jaune reasoned.

'If I wanted to attack a warehouse, it needs to have something I can't get anywhere else. I would have to be tracking this spot, waiting for it.' Jaune thought to himself. He continued to shift through boxes, looking for anything unusual.

"Did you get any special shipments." Jaune asked.

Junior rubbed his chin, thinking. "I don't think so. At least not for me. Jerry did his own thing on the side. He could... probably had other buyers."

Jaune nodded slowly as he shifted the lid of an open box. He looked inside and saw strangely shaped containers. He bent down and looked at the inscription the box. 'What is this' Jaune asked, looking over the inscription. Jaune read it once, and than paused. He read it again and felt his blood spike. 'oh shit. Oh shit shit shit shit shit.' Jaune cursed.

"Hei." Jaune gritted out. "Did Jerry have any contacts in the military?"

Junior blinked, surprised at the question. "Probably, why?"

Jaune stood up and kicked the box. It shifted slightly so that Junior could see the inscription. Jaune gripped his fists tightly, his mind racing at the possibilities. He needed to do damage control fast. Tuskan would have to wait.

Jaune took out his scroll and started to write Ozpin a message. They needed to handle this situation quickly. "Because" Jaune growled out. "This guy now has Military grade High explosives."

And everything's been really cool here Josephine wrote carefully. I even talked to Jaune. Josephine paused as she wrote that. Her mother wanted updates on Jaune, since he barely called home. So, Josephine would keep her updated through her letters. But, honestly she made half the stuff up.

She had said that she had reconnected with Jaune. Said, they hung out after class. Pfft, that couldn't be farther from the truth. Josephine sighed as she laid her head in her arms. She was alone in the room. Ren and Nora were grabbing some snacks to bring to the movies. Pyrrha had gone to the air lift to register them a flight. Josephine had a couple minutes to spare, so she wanted to finish her letter.

Letting out a small groan, the leader of team JNPR rested her head. She still couldn't figure out how to approach Jaune. She thought about when he had first come to her room. It looked like he wanted to reconnect, even called her Josie! But, she had gotten scared, like always, and shrunk away. She didn't know how to react! Seeing her brother out of the blue, after so many years.

He was even wearing the jacket Kyrie had... 'Wait a minute' Josephine sat up straight, struck by a realization. 'That jacket' Jospehine tapped her lip. 'Blake had been wearing the same jacket.' That's right. She had seen her wear it often at night. And now that she thought about it, when she had easedro- ummm overheard Jaune's conversation with Team RWBY, he had asked for Blake.

And before her failed attempt at talking to him, he had told Blake to meet him outside. Josephine stood up, the pieces falling into place. 'D-does t-taht mean.' Josephine's eyes widened as the thought dawned on her. 'Jaune is dating Blake!' Josephine gasped, her hands covering her mouth.

'There's no way. Blake is a student. And Jaune's a teacher. But, they meet up at night. Oh Oum! Could that mean-' Josephine felt her head spin at the thoughts. 'But she! No. NO!' She shook her head trying to straighten her thoughts.

'I'll ask Blake!' She thought to herself. Yes, that would clear things up. Josephine nodded to herself and walked outside. She knew where the enigma of Team RWBY be at this time, the Library.

It was a quick brisk walk over there. Her rush wasn't out of lack of time. She was trying to make to out run the more illicit and provocative thoughts in her head. She rushed into the library, looking around quickly. The librarian stared at her strangely, but didn't comment.

Josephine found Blake sitting against the window sill reading a book. And, Jaune's jacket on her.

Josephine swallowed, trying to get the nervousness and thoughts out of her head. It wasn't working, not by a long shot. Josephine walked over to Blake and cleared her throat. The amber eyed girl blinked and looked over to Josephine.

"yes?" She asked quietly.

'Ok. You can do this Josephine. Just ask. Just ask' She tried to prep herself. "AreyouandJaunedating." She mumbled out, keeping her voice low.

Blake blinked, her face conveying her confusion. "W-what? Sorry, Josephine. I didn't understand that."

Josephine felt her face flush. Oh man. She didn't even want to repeat the question. Oh Oum, what if she was wrong. That would be so embarrassing. Why didn't she think this through?!

Josephine took a deep breath and let out a long sigh, trying to calm her rapid heart beat. But, she swore that everyone in the library could probably hear it. "I-I-I" Josephine stuttered out. "W-wanted to ask-"

"Ah. Josephine there you are." Her partner came in, a kind smile on her face.

Josephine's eyes went wide, like a deer in the headlights. She couldn't ask her question now! 'Oh, dammit Pyrrha.' Josephine let out a mental groan and gave a smile. It was shaky, and she was still jittery. "O-o-h. Hey Pyrrha. I'll be right there."

Josephine turned back to Blake. The girl was looking at her strangely, with a raised eyebrow. The blonde chuckled nervously. "Heheheh? Sorry. For wasting your time." 'gotta get out of here!' Josephine turned and zipped past Pyrrha and out of the library. The other two girls watched her go in surprise.

Pyrrha gave a small shrug and followed her leader,. Blake shook her head and went back to reading. 'This jacket is really comfortable' Blake thought has she tugged the jacket closer.

Jaune only waited for two rings before Ozpin picked up. He wasn't surprised because he had used the emergency line to send his text.

"Jaune?" Ozpin answered, his voice calm.

"Did you look into what I asked?" Jaune asked, looking at the streets. If he was transporting the bombs, than he needed a vehicle. Probably a truck, but if he was smart it would be a car.

"Yes, I'm sorting through the files. It will only take a few moments to get a match." Ozpin replied.

"Alright. We're dealing with explosives, military grade." Jaune explained, going towards the front of warehouse block.

"Details" Ozpin quickly asked.

Jaune nodded and explained as he continued to walk through the series of warehouses. "The bar owner, Hei also known as Junior, was approached by one of his men. It looked like it was serious business so I followed."

Jaune paused, he was at the front of the warehouses now. He needed to find the security building. This particular warehouse cluster was owned by Dunken, a large time business crop. Not as big a the Schnee corporation, but large enough to warrant a security system. Jaune spotted a smaller building nearby, Security.

"When Junior got to the building," Jaune continued, as he eyed the small building. Judging by the windowless room, it looked to be an autonomous station. 'Even better' Jaune thought, as he walked towards it. "The warehouse owner was dead, shotgun by the looks of the spread."

"Name?" Ozpin interrupted.

"Jerry, don't know last name." Jaune answered promptly. Jaune pinched the scroll between his shoulder and ear as he walked up to the door. He took out a small black disk from his pouch. Breaking and entering gear from his old days. Placing against the door, Jaune waited as the 'Puck', he and his team called it, accessed the network of the Security office. The light at the center blinked green, showing that it was breaking into the system. Jaune continued to explain to Ozpin, as the Puck continued to blink. "He was trafficking weapons. And had gotten a special shipment of Explosives, And a couple boxes of it."

"Which is why you wanted me to get a list of cars entering and exiting the facilities." Ozpin inferred. The security door popped open and the Puck's green light stopped. Jaune opened the door silently and looked at the cameras inside. All of them were red, signifying they were now running on loop.

"Any luck with that." Jaune asked, putting away his device and entering the room. The hunter sat down at the computer, probably for a user to check up on the system once in awhile. As he did, the screen popped up, a welcome screen on it, the password already put in. Jaune clicked ok and waited for the computer to boot up.

"Some. I have some possible candidates. Need facial recognition to make sure we follow the right one."

Jaune sighed, as multiple windows popped up. "Yea... working on that." Jaune started typing away, sorting the files by date, and than by hour.

"Should we contact the police?" Ozpin asked.

Jaune paused. Professor Ozpin was deferring to him huh. Well, it made some sense, but it also showed a level of trust. Jaune felt a small bit of pride in that. If he contacted the police, they could create a better safety net. But than he would have to tell them about the type of explosives, and their origins. 'I gave my word' Jaune sighed as he remembered. It was one of the few things he had left, his word. And, he really hated breaking promises. "No, I will handle it quietly. If police get's involved, they can deal with the aftermath. Getting them involved will cause too much noise."

"And explosive won't" Ozpin countered.

"They won't if I find the guy first." Jaune shrugged. He know was starting to sort through the different times and entrances. "Send me the list of cars." Jaune asked.

"Done." Jaune heard a beep on his scroll. He put the scroll on the desk and put it on speaker phone. On the screen was a list of pictures of vehicles. Some of them had clear shots of their license plates. But, most of them did not have good shots of the people inside.

"This is troublesome." Jaune grunted. "We can eliminate a lot of them. They time they came in and left were too fast, and most of them don't bring anything out with them."

Ozpin agreed. "We can also eliminate any dates recently. The body, you said, had been there for a while."

Jaune clicked off a couple more dates, narrowing the field. "hmm." The computer whirred and the results appeared on screen. "Would you look at that." Jaune smirked.

"What is it?" Ozpin asked.

"There's only one result between Five days ago and Three days ago."

Jaune heard Ozpin sigh over the connection. "Your luck never ceases to amaze me, Mr Arc."

"Thanks professor." Jaune opened the file and looked at the camera feed. "We got a red truck, scratches on the left side. License plate 4HF-SZ9."

Jaune waited for the headmaster to look it up. "Registered stolen. About a month ago."

"So, this has been in the works for a while." Jaune scratched his head. The more they dug, the more strings that were left lying around. If he had been planning for a month, than he must have known or was trying to find explosives.

"Describe him for me. I'll run him through the criminal listings." Ozpin requested.

"Ok,"Jaune started to list off characteristics, so that Ozpin could run them through the database. we got a male. Older Twenties or young thirties. Deep scar on right cheek. Brown hair. Green eyes. Black jacket, brown t-shirt. Blue jeans. Muscular build. I don't see any discernible markings."

"The scar." Ozpin interrupted. "Describe what it looks like"

"Sort of like a claw mark. But it's deeper on the large parts of it." Jaune described.

There was a pause over the line. "Got a match." Ozpin finally said. "Matthew Culliver. Also known as Shrapnel. Served in Vacuo military for six years as a demolitions expert. Took out high priority targets by setting up targets before hand."

Jaune rubbed his face in frustration. He was trained and he also knew how to set up effective, hidden charges. Great. "Let me guess." Jaune sighed. "Went crazy. Or did something stupid. Wants revenge."

"Actually" Ozpin countered. "He continued his efforts as a mercenary for hire."

There was a pause between the two hunters. This was actually worse than having a mad man loose. This was a coordinated attack, possibly a terrorist act.

Jaune took a deep breath, closed his eyes, and settled himself. He had to focus. He couldn't make any mistakes now. He couldn't be a professor. He couldn't be an older brother, or a teammate, or anything else, but a Hunter.

Jaune opened his eyes slowly. "I'll take care of him." His voice was calm and sharp. Jaune remembered the other time he had dealt with military grade explosions. It had ended in...

"Take him alive. Jaune" Ozpin ordered. Ozpin's voice was authoritative, but light. "We need to know who he is working for."

"Understood." Jaune stood up and walked outside. "I assume you're sending me my things."

"Just your weapons." Ozpin replied. And right on cue, Jaune saw a streak across the sky. A large capsule rushed to the ground, in a hurry. But, about fifty feet above the ground, the bottom thrusters ignited and slowed it's descent. It landed gently on the ground in front of him.

The capsule opened with a small hiss, as Jaune hung up on Ozpin. He walked over to the capsule and smiled as he looked inside. A bit of Nostalgia poured over him. The last time he had seen his weapon, in a capsule like this, was when he was a student. "Good to see you again, Corcea Mors"

"That actually wasn't a bad movie." Josephine commented, holding a bag of popcorn.

Pyrrha chuckled, snagging a handful of popcorn. "It was interesting to stay the least."

Nora shook her head. "I got lost" She whined. "I don't get time travel. It's so weird!"

Ren chuckled and started to explain it to her again. They had been watching a time travel movie. Where main character went back to see his family over and over again. It was kind of somber, but it had it's good points.

Josephine passed the popcorn to Pyrrha, who was enjoying the buttery delight. She looked around the streets. Vale was nice. She had moved here with her family, not too long ago. She knew the streets but it wasn't like back home. Where she had memories attached to the people and places. 'I'll have to ask Jaune to go back here with me.' She noted the street, Acorn street. 'Maybe we can watch a comedy together.'

Josephine let her eyes wander as she walked with her teammates. But something caught her eye. A man was unloading a small box in a trashcan. 'Weird' Josephine thought to herself. 'is he just throwing useless junk?' But, that couldn't be the case. Josephine saw several other similar boxes in the back of the truck. They were small, wrapped in black material, and had some kind of miniature device on them.

"Josie? What's up?" Pyrrha asked. Josephine blinked. She didn't notice she had stopped.

Josephine looked at Pyrrha, a nervous chuckle escaped her lips. "Sorry Pyrrha, I was just-" Josephine stopped as she heard the man's truck started to drive away. Josephine noted the scratch on the side. She tried to make out the license plate but couldn't see it fast enough. 'Something's wrong' Josephine turned back to the trashcan. "One sec I need to see something." Josephine jogged lightly across the street.

It was later in the day, so there weren't a lot of cars in the backstreets. They were actually near a couple residential areas. Josephine approached the trashcan, her team following behind her, confused. Josephine looked inside and saw a small black pouch, a device inside. Josephine reached down and unwrapped the covering on the box slightly.

'-gh explosives.' She read. It only took her a moment to understand and pale.

"Josephine" Pyrrha approached. "What's wro-"

Josephine turned around quickly, a surge of energy errupting in her veins. She looked over towards the Truck, speeding away. She met eyes with the man driving the car, who had looked back at them. And, she felt her gut drop.

"NORA" She cried, "Can in the air now!"

Nora, bless her, didn't even hesitate. "Got it boss!" She cried while taking out her hammer. Magnhild rushed past Josephine with a gust of air. With a loud clang, the trash was thrust into air.

"Hit the deck!" Josephine cried as jumped on top of Pyrrha and Nora, tacking Ren along the way. Just in time, as the trash can erupted in a huge explosion, shrapnel flying everywhere.

She felt Pyrrha shift next to her. "W-what was that?" Pyrrha muttered. Josephine shook her head, the loud explosion throwing her off balance. She turned around and saw metal floating above them.

"W-wha-" Josephine stared, gawking at the floating metal. 'Magnetism' her mind spoke for her.

"It's my semblance." Pyrrha said quickly. She flicked her hand and the metal dropped harmlessly to the floor. Ren and Nora were picking themselves up.

'everyone's safe. Thank goodness.' "W-we have to" Josephine started. 'Oh Oum what did they do? Did they go after him? But, they weren't ready for this type of fighting? But people would die.' Josephine clutched her head, trying to figure out what to do. "Shit shit shit" She cursed over and over again.

"Josephine." Pyrrha grasped her shoulders, shaking her slightly. "Josie!"

The leader of Team JNPR stopped for a moment and blue eyes met green eyes.

"We need to go after the red truck." The word's escaped Josephine's lips. "there are more explosives on there." Josephine shook her head and took breathe. She had to do this. Josephine saw the truck speeding away and started running after it.

"To the roof tops!" Ren called out. "We can get a vantage point."

Josephine nodded. "Nora, Ren track him on the roof tops. If he drops explosives we need to be able to toss them into the air." Josephine looked over at Nora, whose usual jovial face was now grim. She was jumping on top of street light posts, waiting for a chance to climb higher.

"Nora, call the police. Tell them that a red truck with a scratch on the side has explosives in it. We're chasing after him." Nora nodded, taking out her scroll and started calling, as she ascended one of the buildings.

Josephine looked forward at the truck, and glared. It was speeding up and getting away. 'No you don't!' "Pyrrha, stay behind me." Josephine called out, hoping the red head would listen. Taking a deep breath, Josephine focused in front of her, and pulled apart.

The wind that was pushing them back, disappeared and the two girls gain a sudden burst of speed.

Josephine focused on the man. He probably knew that they were gaining on him and had to something fast. The man waved one of the explosives in the air, brandishing it like a flag. He threw it to the side, onto a car. Josephine tracked it. It landed on the car near a boy and a girl. "Pyrrha keep following." Josephine ordered and than to everyone, through her scroll. "Stay on communication through scrolls. Don't engage till the police arrive." She said rapidly.

Josephine pushed herself forward with her semblance. Forcing herself to go faster. She saw the man shift slightly, as if pressing something. Josephine cursed and dove forward. The boy and the girl, looked at her wide eyed as she grabbed them in her arms and kept on running. Just in time as the car behind her exploded in a mix of metal, smoke and fire. She dove, with the two kids, behind a car, taking cover from debris. It only took a second, but she stepped back and saw the two were ok.

'Siblings' her mind categorized. Josephine shook her head and looked them over for injuries. None, good. "Wait for the police ok?" She told them, before turning quickly. She saw Pyrrha turn a corner quickly, Ren and Nora jumping on top of rooftops to follow.

Josephine gritted her teeth and followed. She caught up to Pyrrha in no time, pulling the wind behind her boosted her speed immensely. The man was still driving forward, Ren was now firing at the tires. They bounced off slightly, and even if one seemed to pierce the tire, it still kept going.

'What the hell!' Josephine thought. They were in a residential area, not good. Josephine kept her focus on the car and trying to see if there was any innocent bystanders. She heard police cars now, good that meant help was coming.

And than she saw it, the man threw explosives out onto the sides. A bunch of them.

"Oh shit. Pyrrha go on the roofs." Josie shouted a quick warning before the world went up in explosions.

Time seemed to crawl the instant the explosions started happening. Cars exploded, concrete burst open and things started falling. She kept running forward though, she had to. Josephine ran towards a car, which was flying through the air from an explosion. She jumped and planted her foot on the side of the flaming car. She launched herself forward, moving past it.

A falling tree was blocking her jump path. So, she turned her body around, arching her back. It passed under her as she flew over it by centimeters. She finished twisting her body around as she landed on her feet, explosions still happening around her. She tried to keep balance, using her semblance to push the air around her, and keep going.

And then a dumpster, of all things, was falling down at a rapid pace. She couldn't move to the side because of the flaming debris everywhere. Josephine slid, kicking her feet out in front of her. She slid under it, avoiding the dumpster. It crashed in a huge crunch behind her, as she got up and kept on running.

She was only a few meters from the car now, she had to do something about the tires! She had to stop it. They had finally reached a less inhabited place, the docks.

"Pyrrha." Josephine called out, hoping her partner was still with her. She couldn't really hear much, the ringing in her head wouldn't stop.

"I'm here." Pyrrha panted out, somewhere behind her.

"I need you to-" Josephine started but stopped

Something had jumped from the rooftops, opposite of Ren and Nora. It landed on the engine of the car, crunching the front half car. The rest of the car flew over the person's head and landed in a large crunch.

Ren and Nora landed next to them. But, Josephine barely recognized their presence, as she saw her brother standing on top of the ruined front of the car. Jaune looked at them, eyes roaming over them. Josephine noticed their family heirloom attached at his hip. He looked complete.

"You guys ok?" He asked quietly.

Josephine nodded slowly. "N-no injuries"

Jaune looked at her, staring at her for a moment. "You chased after him." He said simply. He almost sounded like he was surprised. She didn't blame him, she was surprised herself.

"I had... help?" Josephine finished lamely.

Jaune nodded before turning back to the car. The man in there was slowly getting out, groaning as he did so. "Stay back. This guy is a trained killer. I will deal with this."

She wanted to speak up, to talk to her brother, but she never got the chance. Jaune ran forward, at a blinding speed at the man. The man somehow heard Jaune coming and ducked. Jaune's fist crushed the door, where the man had previously been leaning against.

The man backhanded Jaune, making the hunter stagger back. Jaune kicked, catching the man in the gut. He flew back and growled. "So, you're an actual hunter. Good. I can stop playing around with little kiddies."

Jaune grunted as he wrenched his arm from the car door. Shrapnel continued to step back as he stared at Jaune. The professor walked around the car, staring at the man. "You are Shrapnel right? I'm Jaune Arc. Hunter rank S."

Shrapnel whistled. "my my my. A rank S hunter. Aren't I special. I wonder how you were able to find me. The girlie." Shrapnel nodded at Josephine. "got lucky. But hunters in training aren't part of my contract anyways, I guess I have to kill them for free."

Jaune roared in anger as he charged forward. Shrapnel was ready for him. He took out a long metal stick, which crackled with electricity. Jaune ducked under the first swipe and punched at Shrapnel's face. The demolition expert weaved backwards and kicked Jaune in the stomach. Jaune stumbled back, but charged forward again. As he did, white mist started to glow around him.

"Aura" Pyrrha breathed. "But this amount-"

Josephine's eyes went wide as she saw more and more aura pour out of Jaune's body. Shrapnel growled as he took out a gun as well. He started firing at the hunter. The bullets ricocheted harmlessly off his aura, as Jaune closed the distance.

Shrapnel threw another pack in front of him, an explosive pack. Jaune's eyes widened as he saw it. He crossed his arms and jumped backwards. Sharpnel, dropping his electric stick, grabbed his scroll and pressed a button. The pack exploded, sending Jaune flying back.

Josephine watched as Jaune skidded backwards, blocking explosion with his Aura. He landed near the broken car. Her brother was glowing white, the amount aura he had. 'Holy shit!' Josephine stared in awe as her brother's aura continue to wrap around him. It looked like he was wearing pure white armor and was practically glowing. She knew he always had a lot of Aura, but Aura could only be grown to a degree. You were either born with a certain amount or not.

Academies taught you to control it or even draw more out. But, to have this much. Josephine swallowed slowly, her palms were now sweaty.

There was a pause now, between the hunter and the mercenary. Jaune continued to look forward, staring at Shrapnel. "So, How do you want this to go down?"

Shrapnel smiled, a confident and disgusting one. "You know, I was hired to kill hunters. And, killing you would be easy reason to get a raise on my pay."

Jaune glared at him. "Do you think it'll be that easy to kill me?"

"Getting you to that spot was easier than I thought." The man pressed down on his scroll and laughed. Josephine felt a chill up her spine and her gut drop all at once.

"JAUNE!" She cried as she tried to run forward and reach for her brother.

A huge explosion erupted from beneath Jaune. Flames, concrete and smoke erupted upwards and enveloped Jaune. Josephine was thrown back, a piece of rock hitting her in the face. She flew backwards in the air, from the force of the explosion. Pyrrha caught her in mid air and held out her hand. The concrete coming at them froze in mid air, and dropped to the ground.

Josephine felt her ears ring and her world tilt slightly. She blinked, trying to focus, trying to find her brother. He had been right in the middle, dead center. Josephine shook her head, trying to get the blurriness and dizziness out of her head.

She felt a shake on her side, she looked over and saw Pyrrha speak. Josephine looked away from her and looked back at where the explosion had happened. Maybe Jaune had gotten out in time? She looked for a sign of yellow hair, anywhere. There was none. Josephine started to get up, started to run towards the smoke. Pyrrha grabbed her, holding her back. Telling her it wasn't safe.

The younger Arc didn't care about that though. She stared at the remnants of the explosion, trying to find her brother. A cut on her cheek bleeding now. "JAUNE!" She screamed again. No he couldn't be. He was so strong. 'No, please don't be-' Josephine cried as she tried to run forward. Pyrrha wrapped a strong arm around her body, holding her back. "No, Jaune! Please. Let me go Pyrrha" The leader of JNPR tried to push Pyrrha's arm off but to no avail.

Josie fell to her knees, tears and blood running down her face.

"One down!" Shrapnel laughed loudly as he walked forward, towards JNPR. Ren and Nora, both grim faced, stood forward with weapons ready.

Josephine felt helpless. The world was crashing down on her. She had just lost...

A voice stopped everyone in their tracks. "Was that supposed to do something."

Josie froze, her heart stopping. She looked at the smoke, now clearing, faster than it should be. A white glow was at the center of the smoke and she saw the white figure move. With a swish of his hand, the smoke dispersed around Jaune. And there he was still, standing in a wreathe of white Aura, glaring at Shrapnel.

Jaune reached up and patted his ear with a sigh. He had come out, of the point blank explosion, unscathed. The only sign of the explosion was the small amounts of dirt and concrete on him.

Shrapnel stepped back, his fear and awe apparent. "H-how. T-That was-"

"A lot of explosives yea." Jaune cracked his neck with an audible pop. "Gave me quite the massage. And made my ears ring." Jaune rubbed his ear in annoyance. The professor brushed his hair back, which had gotten swept in the explosion. Josie looked at him, desperately searching for any wounds, trying to confirm her brother was still in front of her. She watched as her brother wiped some rubble off his shoulder and brush some dust off. Looking annoyed that he got his clothes dirty. But, all she felt was relief. It was like a waterfall running through her, easing the tenseness in her muscles. He was alright.

Jaune sighed, cracking his knuckles. "Time to end this. Before, you cause any more property damage." Jaune grabbed reached into his side and unsheathed his sword. His aura glowing over it automatically. It hummed slightly, as if happy to finally return to it's full power.

Josephine smiled slightly, adrenaline leaving her and relief running through her, seeing her brother still standing. She hiccuped slightly, trying to wipe her tears and stand up.

"Guy's we n-need to help." Josephine stood up. She couldn't, wouldn't be weak anymore.

The professor turned slightly, at Josephine's words, towards JNPR, his eyes resting on Josephine. His eyes widened slightly, and his mouth opened slightly in disbelief. "Josie..." He paused, looking her over. "You're hurt."

Josephine pressed a hand to her cheek, and winced at the wound. But, it was superficial, nothing lasting or deep. "It's fine. We can still help!" She stood, and she felt her team stand behind her, ready. She grabbed Libra and readied herself.

Jaune shook his head. "Stay back. I'll take care of this." And Josie saw it. Something changed in her brother, like a flick turning from off to on. Jaune looked back to Shrapnel, who was still waiting for Jaune to make a move.

Josephine took a step forward. She tried to force confidence into her voice, ignoring her hands shaking. "We can still fight."

Pyrrha walked up next to her, supporting her. "We can't just stand here and watch!"

Jaune looked back slightly and Josephine felt a shiver in her spine. His gaze was not that of a kind brother. Not of a Professor. It was dead, cold and sinister. "Hunter in training Josephine Arc. This is an order from your senior hunter."

The words hit her like cannon balls. She felt all her confidence and motivation drop in an instant. What replaced it was shock. 'He's kind a like a different person. ' Josephine thought as she stepped backwards unconsciously. She nodded dumbly, and she also felt Pyrrha lower her weapons, as well.

Jaune turned back to Shrapnel, giving him his full attention. "Now" Jaune stretched his arms while walking forward. Shrapnel tensed. "You won't get past here, Shrapnel"

Shrapnel smiled, trying to regain some confidence. " Heheheh. Yea, those small fry don't matter. I'm much more interested in you. A hunter of your caliber. I wonder if I've heard of you before."

Jaune stopped walking forward. Taking in the other man's words. After a moment, Jaune chuckled. "Hmmmm. I wonder if I should be happy about that." Jaune continued to twirl his sword, stretching out muscles. The aura on his sword left white streaks in the air. "But, I honestly think it's better that you don't know about me." Jaune smiled, but it was not a kind smile. It was contorted, twisted. It promised pain. Jaune's eyes were wild, hungry for blood.

The Hunter raised his sword, point it at Sharpnel. "Right?"

And that's where we'll end for today :)! Hope you enjoy it and review if you know where that inspired scene is from. Also, Omake cause why not.!

Omake For Coldman9

Blake sighed as she knocked on the door in front of her.

"Come in." the source of her aggravation said.

Blake came in, glaring at the person sitting at the desk. Jaune Arc was sitting at his desk reading through some homework. He was in casual clothes, a t-shirt that stretched from his muscles, and dark jeans. Blake blinked at the change of attire but ignored it, it was the weekend after all.

The knight was leaning back on his chair, so it tilted on it's back legs. He was biting on a pencil lightly, eyes scanning it carefully. He looked up slightly and gave a small smile. "You took your time"

Blake glared at him. "You sent me a note saying that I had detention. Why?" What the hell did he want?

Jaune placed the papers down and stood up. Blake crossed her arms, waiting for a response. Jaune didn't reply, instead he walked over to the cat faunus.

"I thought you would have guessed." Jaune chuckled, staring at her. She couldn't read him, but she felt something was off. Jaune was now standing in front of her.

"W-what" Blake stuttered out. 'Why am I so nervous?' "is it the White Fang."

"No, littlt kitty." Jaune gave a smirk. He stepped forward, Blake stepped back. "You know. During the break. We could go out to Vacuo. I know some special spots, Just the two of us."

'What!' "W-w-what are you-" Blake stopped as Jaune continued to step forward and Blake stepped back, until she couldn't anymore. Blake felt her face flush. Why was she letting him move her back? She just didn't feel the strength to push him back.

"Now, now." Jaune whispered, leaning in close. Blake felt his breath tingle her neck, she shivered. Jaune reached up and slowly took off her bow, leaning back. "You've been a bad kitty." Jaune smiled. Their breaths mingled.

This could not be happening. She should be pushing back, against that chiseled frame. Running for the door, but she stayed rooted in her spot. Staring into those gorgeous blue eyes.

Jaune placed his hands on either side of her, trapping her. "Now, Blake let's get to your punishment." Jaune moved closer. Blake felt herself move closer now.

Bring bring. Blake sat up and blinked. She was back in her room. The first rays of day were shining through the curtains of their window. Yang was sleeping soundly in the bottom bunk. Ruby was snoring quietly and Weiss turned over slightly. It was the start of the weekend.

'Oh. It was a dream.' Blake thought to herself, eying the jacket hanging on her bedpost, with her book, Ninja's in Love, in it's pocket. Blake brushed a small strand of hair out of her face. And then, she realized..

'Eh w-w-w-w-wait' Blake felt a flush on her face. "WHAT WAS I DREAMING ABOUT!" Blake screamed.

And the rest of team RWBY, woke up trying to figure out what had made their, usually, most quiet member so upset.

If you have any other requests for Omake, put em in.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0236001-00fb000ce5aa81a940ce43c6fb5b78d7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012347 00000000000 015224  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        David Cameron was accused of deepening divisions in the health service by only inviting royal medical colleges and health practitioners that he believes will back his NHS reorganisation to a special summit at Downing Street on Monday.

Strikingly it appears both the BMA and the Royal College of General Practitioners have not been asked to the summit, even though the transfer of greater powers to doctors is a centrepiece of the changes.

Cameron, facing widening opposition to the reorganisation from across the health service, sections of the Liberal Democrats, crossbench peers and fellow Conservative cabinet members, believes he has no alternative but to plough on with the health bill, and show there is a viable support base for the changes within the health service.

But Lord Owen – who has long argued that the position of the royal colleges will be critical to the bill's fate – accused Cameron of "reprehensible tactics". The doctor and former foreign secretary said: "He is clearly trying a policy of divide and rule in the hope that he can break the opposition to the bill by only asking those he believes will support him. The health service is based on much more integrated team work these days right across from nurses, doctors, commissioners and clinicians, and this is not the way to treat an integrated health service. A divided health service cannot function effectively.

"The prime minister may think he can outmanoeuvre or override the BMA in the same way that Clement Attlee and Aneurin Bevan did when the 1945 Labour government introduced the National Health Service in the face of opposition of the BMA. But the BMA in 1946 was much more evenly divided than they are now and Attlee had a clear electoral mandate from the British people to push through his reforms – something Cameron does not have."

Owen claimed Cameron was putting intense pressure on the Royal College of Physicians (RCP) not to come out against the bill.

"I think there are some royal colleges that will be attending today, such as the Royal College of Physicians, that should say they do not support meetings being organised by the prime minister in which sections of the health service are excluded."

The RCP has invited its 14,000 worldwide members to an extraordinary general meeting in London on 27 February to discuss its approach to the bill, and whether to seek the views of members in a survey. The Royal College of Surgeons – long-standing supporters of the bill – have been invited.

Downing Street refused to discuss the precise guest list of the meeting, except to acknowledge that it is built round supporters of the reorganisation, which still needs to complete the report stages in the Lords.

Cameron's aides stressed that the meeting was purely about how to implement the health bill, and was not a discussion about potential concessions.

It was also openly asserted that those chosen to attend the summit had been selected on the basis that there was little purpose inviting the kind of groups that had opposed the changes from the outset.

Cameron will tell the summit that patients are already beginning to see the fruits of greater GP influence in areas where clinical commissioning groups have been set up.

He will point to evidence that emergency hospital admissions have fallen year-on-year for the first time, as GPs have been made more central to shaping care for patients and the NHS has moved away from Labour's "targets" culture to the coalition's emphasis on "outcomes".

Department of Health figures show a 0.5% decline in emergency hospital admissions in 2011, compared with a 36% increase between 2001 and 2010.

The health secretary Andrew Lansley said: "We have always been clear that patients will benefit from putting power in the hands of frontline doctors and nurses. By starting to do just that, we are seeing a positive change in the way our NHS is responding to rising pressures.

"Patients are being treated in more convenient places, pressure on hospitals is reducing, and we are safeguarding the NHS for future generations."

The government has tried to simplify its often over-complex story on the health changes by honing the key message to a statement that they will reduce bureaucracy and put GPs in the driving seat.

The refusal of the BMA and the Royal College of General Practitioners to support the changes will be counter-balanced by the evidence that GPs are already introducing them and that they are already working.

It will also be stressed that the BMA is conducting a negotiation over its pensions, and may even call a strike.

The shadow health secretary Andy Burnham said Cameron had "got this one wrong" and urged the PM to invite the BMA, Royal College of Nurses, Royal College of Midwives and Royal College of General Practitioners, all of whom oppose the bill. "People have strong and sincerely-held views about the risks to the NHS from the government's reorganisation," he said "They deserve a hearing – not to have the door of Downing Street shut in their faces."

A poll for the trade union Unite, conducted by YouGov, suggests six times as many people trust health professionals over the prime minister and the health secretary on NHS reorganisation. The survey also shows 68% of those polled want the government to publish its own risk register on the changes.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0236617-30e7833dddd903cd8e8def50e275d919.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010672 00000000000 015224  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        MONCTON, N.B. – The families of the RCMP officers shot by Justin Bourque as well as others in Moncton would be traumatized if some exhibits entered as evidence at his sentencing hearing were released to the public, the Crown argued Monday.

News media organizations including The Canadian Press have asked for access to exhibits used at the sentencing hearing for Bourque, who pleaded guilty to three counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted murder in the June 4 shooting rampage.

Crown lawyer Cameron Gunn said he supports an open court system and is not against the release of all exhibits. But Gunn said he is opposed to some evidence being made public, including photos of the injured Mounties, radio transmissions of some of the last messages from the officers who were killed and a videotaped interview Bourque gave to police after his arrest.

READ MORE: Justin Bourque apologizes for RCMP shootings

“We seek balance,” Gunn told Judge David Smith of the Court of Queen’s Bench.

“We have no issue with the majority of the exhibits. It is only the items that will retraumatize the people who are most traumatized by this.”

The Crown presented the court with affidavits from a psychologist and an RCMP officer who has spoken with the wives of the three slain officers. The affidavits said releasing all the exhibits to the media would not be in the best interests of the families of the victims.

Gunn said he is concerned that if Bourque’s police interview were to be released, it would be on the Internet forever.

“Then you give him a voice in perpetuity,” Gunn said. “That cannot be a balance.”

David Lutz, Bourque’s lawyer, said he is also concerned about his client’s police interview having a permanent presence online if it were released.

Lutz used examples of notorious figures from the United States in his argument, referencing Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh and cult leader David Koresh. The video would be played repeatedly, he said, possibly making Bourque the “Timothy McVeigh or David Koresh of Canada.”

READ MORE: From kind friend to suspected RCMP killer

“The media will only have it for a moment and then will lose control of it,” Lutz said, adding that Bourque told him he doesn’t want people further victimized by the release of his statement to police.

During that interview, which was played in court at his sentencing hearing, Bourque said he used a semi-automatic rifle to shoot three RCMP officers dead and wound two others because he was trying to start a rebellion against a government that he believed was oppressive and corrupt.

Lutz said the most important things Bourque had to say were said during his sentencing last month. At the time, Bourque apologized in court to the relatives of the victims and said the reasons he gave police for the killings were the words of “an arrogant pissant.”

David Coles, the lawyer representing the media, argued in court Monday that the public has a right to see and hear the evidence used to sentence Bourque to life in prison without parole eligibility for 75 years – the harshest sentence since the last state-sanctioned execution in 1962.

Coles said if the exhibits remain sealed from public view, there’s no way people can have an informed debate on whether the judge made the correct decision in sentencing.

READ MORE: Justin Bourque’s mom says she’s not ready to speak about his sentencing

He also said the evidence should be made public because while it was presented in open court, not everyone could be there to hear it, and the information it conveys is of interest throughout the country.

“There is a legitimate public interest in getting as much information we possibly can,” Coles said. “You have a bloodbath here. Are our security forces properly trained?”

Coles said both affidavits presented by the Crown were hearsay. He said both documents refer to statements made by others and lack direct evidence to support the Crown’s case.

Smith reserved his decision, saying he is likely to deliver a ruling in a couple of weeks.

Other news organizations requesting access to the exhibits are the CBC, CTV News, Global News, the Globe and Mail and Brunswick News.

Bourque killed constables Dave Ross, 32, Fabrice Gevaudan, 45, and Doug Larche, 40.

Constables Eric Dubois and Darlene Goguen were also injured in the shootings, which brought Moncton to a standstill before Bourque was arrested nearly 30 hours later.

Get the latest updates in our live blog:                                                                      0236613-608abb032a34e9ceb1ea0949cb768e62.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010520 00000000000 015161  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Get the biggest Weekly Politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

A disabled man died penniless when he lost his benefits after being judged fit to work.

Robert Barlow died last November aged 47 while suffering from a heart defect and brain tumour.

He was deemed fit to work by benefits assessors Atos despite doctors at the time urging him to have a heart transplant – he passed away less than two years later.

Now his family and Labour MP Luciana Berger want the Government to learn lessons from this tragic case.

His aunt Joan Westland, 85, said: “I don’t know how they expected him to work. Nobody would have loved to work more than him but he simply couldn’t.”

University of Liverpool graduate Mr Barlow, from Wavertree , worked as a Government scientist but gave up his job nine years ago when diagnosed with severe cardiomyopathy, a weakness or failure of the heart muscle.

By the end of his life he could not walk, struggled to read due to poor eyesight and often fell over, smashing his teeth on one occasion.

Doctors eventually gave Mr Barlow a year and a half to live and recommended a heart transplant.

He was often in and out of hospital during his final months. He never married or had children.

Mrs Westland said: “Robert said he wouldn’t have the heart transplant. He had no commitments and thought it would be better if there was a heart for it to go to somebody else.

“We tried to talk him into having the operation but he wouldn’t do it.”

Mr Barlow, born in Wallasey , was given a fitness-to-work test by Atos in January 2012 and his Employment and Support Allowance (ESA) was stopped three months later. He also lost the right to free NHS prescriptions.

Mrs Westland said: “Robert was dying and he accepted that. I feel he should have been left to enjoy what little time he had left.”

The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) says Mr Barlow initially challenged the decision to stop his benefits but the appeal was withdrawn because, according to Mrs Westland, he felt too ill to fight the case.

“Robert had very little money on benefits and nothing at all when his money was stopped,” his aunt said. “I know there are scroungers but he was not one of them.”

Paying tribute, Mrs Westland continued: “He was a trained classical pianist, he could cook and he had a beautiful sense of humour.

“He loved cricket and was very knowledgeable about lots of subjects. He loved Beethoven and had an extensive collection of records.

“But he got so ill that by the end he couldn’t play the piano any more. He had a bad left eye so reading became difficult.

“I want these fitness-to-work tests to stop because I don’t want other people going through the same trauma. Robert was very, very distressed after his Atos assessment.”

Mr Barlow died after never regaining consciousness following a fall at home – just seven months after his mother passed away.

Wavertree MP Ms Berger, a shadow health minister, raised his tragic story in the House of Commons last month.

Since then Atos has quit its £500m contract and ministers are looking for a new provider.

Ms Berger told the Sunday ECHO: “It’s not enough to change the provider. The whole process needs to be totally redesigned.

“My constituent is someone who lost his life at a time when his ESA was suspended.

“He was too sick to appeal the decision and died while he had no access to benefits.”

A DWP spokesman said: “We have followed the correct procedures in the processing of this benefit claim. People have the right to appeal a decision, but if the appeal is withdrawn we cannot continue with processing the claim.”

Wirral West Tory MP and Employment Minister Esther McVey previously defended the fit-to-work tests, saying: “Our reforms will make sure the billions we spend every year give more targeted support.”

More Liverpool news

Grand National glory for Pineau De Re

Video: Aintree remembers Hillsborough victims with minute's applause

In pictures: Grand National Saturday - stars enjoy a day at the races

Couple celebrate engagement by “beating the living daylights” out of man in Anfield

Anti-toll campaigners to hold protest on Sunday over tolls increase

Three people arrested in Manchester in connection with Liverpool shooting                                                                                                                                                                                0236548-f6935b59aca5ba37b95eb2f815208256.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001544 00000000000 015052  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says his support for a two-state solution with the Palestinians remains the same after Donald Trump's victory in the U.S. presidential election.

Trump's election has encouraged Israeli hardliners to call on Netanyahu to step up Israeli settlement construction, annex parts of the occupied West Bank or even abandon the idea of Palestinian independence.

But in a satellite interview to the Saban Forum at the Brookings Institution in Washington on Sunday, Netanyahu said his position on "two states for two peoples" hasn't changed.

The international community widely supports a two-state solution. Trump has not yet laid out his Mideast policy.

The Palestinians have accused Netanyahu of undermining two-state hopes by building settlements. Netanyahu said the Palestinians must recognize Israel as the homeland of the Jews.                                                                                                                                                            0236598-4b8fef4a0f4db3721184de6414b43e33.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003260 00000000000 015116  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        With their latest full-length, released just last month, Reel Big Fish display an inspired and infectiously catchy return to form. With the hyperkinetic ska and biting wit familiar to fans from the group's beloved early releases, Candy Coated Fury finds "the same intensity, frantic energy in the music, and the same sarcastic sense of humor" as their first two releases, as vocalist, guitarist, and principle songwriter Aaron Barrett puts it. He adds, "We're finally just doing what Reel Big Fish does best." The record takes all the hateful, sarcastic, and sad emotions people experience in the face of relationships as they change for the worse, and loads them onto joyous and fast music to dance to for a new experience.



As their first album of original material in five years, Candy Coated Fury also celebrates twenty years of Reel Big Fish, evoking a sound as vital and vitriolic as their early material. Between huge sing-alongs, balmy horns, and hyperactive ska grooves, the group is able to distill their classic and euphorically juvenile brand of ska punk while bringing it into the present. The release has moments touching on cock rock, arena riffs, new wave, and even soul, but all still hold together without sacrificing their signature skank-worthy vibes. Of course, the group is also known for putting their own touch on 1980s classics, and Candy Coated Fury doesn't let the listener down in that department, as Reel Big Fish take a playful and irreverent attitude toward the Wonderstuff's "Don't Let Me Down Gently" and When In Rome's "The Promise." The band will continue touring to support the effort, following their trend of playing over 250 shows per year to help the ska scene flourish.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0236664-8dc2f037c0c7f3ac38fba684775b74b9.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003135 00000000000 015213  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        State of my YouTube channel

Figured I should make a proper blog about it rather than some hard to understand tweets.



I apologize for the lack of videos this past month. I used to pride myself in my strict upload schedule but lately it just hasn't been the same for me frankly. I haven't been inspired to make videos, it feels extremely forced, and I'm just not sure what to make that would keep moving forward and not stuck in the same place (growth).



I'm the type of person who focuses on moving forward and aspiring for better, so seeing the disappointment in my latest videos in performance, specifically growth,, despite working harde and smarter, has simply made me focus in other aspects of my life in which I've found more success and reward and in the end I feel like my mind is simply somewhere else right now as a result. Which is not bad. I feel I'm doing fantastic in other areas now.



It's just...Not sure what to think of my YouTube channel anymore, I've worked too hard to stop, but it feels like a mindless grind that's stuck in a spot that I can't get it out of, I'd like to see more, way more out of it, but despite all my attempts, it's made me feel it's not that I'm not trying hard enough, but I'm approaching it wrong. Maybe I'm expecting too much, or maybe I just don't know what I'm really doing.



Just not sure what to do with it. If you are a fan of my content, I apologise. But know it's in my thoughts and that I'm trying to find a new angle. I just want things to be much better and I want to work towards that. I don't like getting stuck, but I'll solve it. Somehow.

Reply · Report Post                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0236392-7b733bc7516411a4f134c822e46c82a2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000026113 00000000000 014663  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A further update on one person’s experience using Universal Jobmatch hosted here anonymously…

In early March this year I was very suddenly made redundant (i.e with 2 days notice), and cast into the gentle arms of the benefits system for the first time in my life. As my employer had entered administration this meant that their financial liabilities had transferred to the State, and to get the statutory redundancy and notice pay that I was owed I needed to register as a Jobseeker. Being a Jobseeker also meant that I would get Jobseekers Allowance: an amount so small that if I had to live on it (rather than doing as I did and using my emergency savings) would rapidly have seen me becoming homeless due to unpayable debts. I was shocked at how little support there was for Jobseekers, both in the Job Centres, and through the Government online jobs portal Universal Jobmatch.

During this period of unemployment, I wrote both an initial post and also a follow up post on this blog, which detailed the many inadequacies that I had encountered when first using Universal Jobmatch. I described its extreme slowness; its inability to understand localities smaller than a whole country; it being incapable of refining job alert results to only the required sector or location; and the jobs advertised on it being outdated, spam or potentially illegal. The many comments following the initial post have outlined the various problems that other Jobseekers are also having using it, many of which are leading to unfair sanctions and hardships for those individuals.

We’re now 7 months on from those original posts, which feels like a long enough time to have given the UJ site a full test. So, what have my experiences with it been in that time, and did it proven to be a useful job-hunting tool in the end?

To begin with, a quick update since my initial tests – I gained new employment in mid-May, but the job was utterly awful*, so I returned to job searching, working full-time in the day and spending 2-3 hours every night looking for and applying to vacancies. I have applied for 100 skilled professional posts since March 2013 (although I have taken a temporary break over the past month), and I have multiple email alerts and RSS feeds set up to ensure that I am able to find relevant vacancies as soon as they become available. I think it’s safe to say that I am very aware of what potential roles there are being advertised in my sector and location.

In the 7 months since I originally registered with UJ, I have not logged in to the UJ system. Not once. There was no need for me to do so, because I had set up email alerts for my areas of experience/skills which would send relevant vacancies direct to my inbox. This is the same method of disseminating information that commercial job sites and professional recruitment agencies use. However, reading the comments on my first post it appears that if I was currently registered as a Jobseeker, not logging in at some level of frequency would lead to sanctions and loss of Jobseekers Allowance for a period. Why is the action of logging in to a site seen as more important than the action of productively looking for jobs, wherever they may be? Luckily, as I was in full-time employment after May I was not subject to monitoring by a Jobseekers advisor of my use of the site, but I find this a worrying approach for current claimants.

OK then, even without logging in, has Universal Jobmatch done what it’s allegedly designed to do, and been successful at connecting me with vacancies? During the last 7 months of receiving daily email alerts sent by the system, there have been approximately 12 jobs sent that are relevant for my stated skills areas, and which I could apply for with a realistic prospect of actually being considered for the role. On clicking through to view the adverts on UJ, all of those jobs were actually previously advertised on one or more of the job sites that I had alerts set up for, and all of them were on those sites long before they were send from UJ. As an added bonus, some of those jobs were being advertised for the first time on UJ after their closing date had passed. As most vacancies have an application period that’s open for at least 2 weeks, if not a month, I cannot understand what UJ is doing so wrong that it’s displaying these vacancies many weeks after they were initially advertised. This delay in notifying users of available roles is minimising the time which people have to apply, and reducing their chances of success…or removing them entirely if they were relying on UJ to identify current vacancies for them. If I had been relying solely on UJ for my job search, I would have missed the rare opportunities that arise to apply for professional posts in my sector.

Of course, there’s also the additional problem of vacancies being advertised without the information that allows you to actually apply for them. For example, one advert recently stated “To apply and to access more information relating to the vacancy scroll down to Job Packs and click on the link.” But there was no Job Pack area on the page, and no link to apply via on the page, purely because this is a direct lift from the employer’s website, with no check if it was actually coherent and useable when placed on UJ. The advert on UJ gives an individual’s email address under the “application methods” section, but the body of text gives a different, corporate email address to contact to request application forms: this is confusing. On the employers website there are indeed Job Packs, and further information about the vacancy on the page, again showing the corporate email address and with no mention of the person with the individual’s email address. I had to locate that recruitment website and vacancy information for myself, using my own, previously gained knowledge of how that specific employer advertises vacancies, and my belief that there would be Job Packs available on their site for immediate download. A site which advertises vacancies which aren’t actually available unless you do your own search outside it, or which advertises closed vacancies is not being successful in its core requirement of enabling Jobseekers to apply for jobs.

Another aspect of those UJ email alerts that I set up is the sheer volume of completely inappropriate job adverts that I’m being sent, rather than notifications of relevant roles being advertised. When my UJ profile has been created with settings meaning it should only send information on roles within 25 miles of my location, in Library and Information Science or Social Media, the massive amounts of irrelevant vacancies I get emailed to me is ridiculous: MOT tester. Sous chef. Mobile care assistant. Pensions consultant. Personal carer. Recruiter. Tax manager. Dodgy “work from home” roles. Engineer. Customer service adviser. Parts inspector for the oil industry. Jobs 50 miles away. Jobs 100 miles away. Jobs in Germany and Spain.

The UJ emails contain between 5-12 vacancies per email, every day. As I’ve been registered for around 230 days, this means that if I average the irrelevant alerts to be coming in at the rate of 8 a day, I’ve had a minimum of 1840 entirely useless vacancies identified and sent to me so far. As stated above, approximately 12 of those roles were actually ones I’d signed up to be alerted about, which means that only around 1 in 153 vacancies emailed to me by UJ may actually be one I’d requested. That’s not an inspiring statistic, especially in comparison to the accurate and targeted alerts I get from “proper” job websites like indeed.co.uk.

Luckily, I am actually an experienced information specialist. I have the skills that enable me to quickly sift through information and discard irrelevant material, yet the fact that I am forced to do this daily with UJ email alerts is hugely frustrating. Why can the system not actually use the settings I established? The ability to restrict job searches to location, and sector is one of the most basic functions this site should be able to perform, and which all commercial job search sites provide, yet it simply cannot do it. I am being bombarded with hundreds of useless emails, which I must sift for any hidden, relevant jobs. I am being sent notifications of vacancies after the application deadline has passed. I am gaining nothing of use from this website, and it has played absolutely no part in the fact that I have been able to find and apply for so many jobs over the last 7 months. To me, it is of no practical use at all.

Yet I am lucky. All of this is only an inconvenience for me: I currently have employment so I’m not required to use UJ, I can use other websites to monitor vacancies, I have reliable internet access, and I have the skills to sift through those emails for the occasional useful bits. I don’t need to use the site to apply directly for jobs to prove that I’m actively trying to find employment. What if I didn’t have internet access? What if I was being forced to travel every day, just to get internet access, to prove that I had logged in to a system that doesn’t even hold any jobs I can apply for, and doesn’t even send out my CV to employers when I do use it to apply for a role? What if I didn’t have the IT skills to use a computer, the knowledge of where to look online for reliable job adverts, or a literacy level that meant I could skim those emailed job titles and know not to waste my time, as they weren’t the jobs I was looking for? What if I didn’t have the experience to know that I could do some research and go directly to the source site for adverts to get immediate access to required application forms, rather than have to request that they be emailed to me, and lose valuable time that could be spent filling out the application? What if I have a visual impairment and have problems using online resources? None of these reasons constitute an attempt to avoid looking for employment, yet due to the system being incompetently implemented, they are being regarded as such, and Jobseekers are being sanctioned and punished as a result.

What would my advice be if you were “encouraged” to use Universal Jobmatch? Refuse. The system is hopelessly broken, yet as shown by the comments on my previous posts, the only ones who are suffering are not the people who designed an unusable system, but the often vulnerable people who are forced to use it. This is not an example of a core government service being provided using a system which is fair and equitable. This is a badly designed, badly implemented and completely unsupported shambles of a website. Frankly, the designers and those faceless government bodies who approved it and are forcing vulnerable claimants to use it should have their membership cards for the human race revoked.

Or even better – force THEM to have to use it in order to claim their salaries.

*No matter how awful a job is (and in this case it involved mismanagement and bullying) you cannot leave a role, as this is classed as making yourself voluntarily unemployed. That means you’re not entitled to Jobseekers Allowance. It also means that individuals are forced to stay in work situations so bad that it affects their mental and physical health.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0236606-6fb020a343577a3febdbf026e1af2565.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011703 00000000000 015155  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        We’re in Month 2 of Through the Looking Glass with President Trump.

Any day — indeed, most days — we wake up and find our president has passed along new information that seems somewhat outlandish, yet is being put out to the world as fact.

And then sometimes we learn that, as it seems, it’s totally wrong.

Also Read: Trump Takes Meeting With TMZ's Harvey Levin (Report)

He did it again today, claiming that President Obama released 122 “vicious prisoners” from Guantanamo who “returned to the battlefield” and presumably terrorist activity.

122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision! — President Trump (@POTUS) March 7, 2017

Fact-checkers everywhere (there’s now a lot of them) pointed out that the Director of National Intelligence website shows that of the 122 ex-detainees he suggested had returned to terrorism, 113 of those were released by President George W. Bush.

Rewind the tape to… “Fox & Friends”! Around the same time as Trump tweeted, the morning show noted that 122 prisoners had been released from Gitmo and returned to terrorism.

“Fox & Friends” is often light on facts and heavy on distorting context, but this time it’s not their fault. In this case they did not say that Obama had released the prisoners, but our president made that logical leap and shared it with the world.

As most media observers now know, that same pattern happened this weekend, with Trump waking at dawn (time stamp: 5:35 am ET) on Saturday to start a Twitter storm by claiming — with no evidence — that Obama had tapped his “wires” at Trump Tower.

Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 4, 2017

A spokesman for the former president immediately denied it, the FBI wouldn’t touch it with a 10-foot pole, and then James Clapper, the former Director of National Intelligence, said it was completely untrue.

“For the part of the national security apparatus that I oversaw as DNI, there was no such wiretap activity mounted against the president, the president-elect at the time, or as a candidate, or against his campaign,” Clapper said.

So what happened? It’s the Breitbart-“Fox & Friends”-Infowars axis that has become the presidential news feed.

On Friday, Breitbart picked up a story that had started months ago on a conservative site called Heat Street that raised the question of FISA. Heat Street is a conservative website owned by Rupert Murdoch’s News Corp and started by Louise Mensch, a former Conservative Party member of the British Parliament.

Here’s how Factcheck.org tracked it down:

In a Nov. 7, 2016, article, Heat Street wrote that the FBI on two occasions sought a warrant from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, or FISA court, as part of its investigation of Russia’s interference in the U.S. presidential election, and Trump associates who were suspected of contacts with Russian officials.

Asked by news organizations for proof of Trump’s wild accusation of Obama, the White House provided five news stories written by four news organizations. Only two of them were relevant to Trump’s accusations, and none of claimed that Obama ordered illegal wiretaps.

Multiple media organizations reported that the Breitbart report was the subject of discussion in the West Wing on Friday, a report that was preceded by a similarly unfounded theory propagated on Thursday by conservative talk show host Mark Levin claiming the wiretap.

You proceed directly truly through the looking glass, as on Sunday those same outlets cite Trump’s accusation as a challenge to mainstream media. A Breitbart headline read, “DeepStateGate: Trump Ends the Wiretapping Innuendo Game by Dealing Himself In.” Here’s an excerpt from the story:

After months of unfounded allegations and badly sourced speculation intended to cripple his administration, maybe Trump wanted to prove that only one side of the partisan divide is permitted to make “wild allegations.” Obama’s plants in the Deep State can leak whatever they please, law and truth be damned. They can get an avalanche of hostile coverage moving with a few phone calls or emails. The media feels no contrition when the story turns out to be exaggerated or completely false, eagerly turning to the same Obama holdovers as sources for the next big phony scoop.

Others pointed to supposed proof that a conspiracy theory was true. (Another Breitbart headline: “Mark Levin on Trump Wiretapping Claim: The Evidence is Overwhelming.'”)

Conservative talk show host Mark Levin said he could confirm the news.

This is the news cycle we now live in. And it means that we should not believe anything our president purports to be true.

Someday, Trump will need the mainstream media — and independent-minded voters — to believe him. And when that day comes, he will be out of luck.                                                             0236642-8935045ddbcfd4c71e51d41688fb318f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003505 00000000000 015130  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Dictionaries have been removed from classrooms in southern California schools after a parent complained about a child reading the definition for "oral sex".

Merriam Webster's 10th edition, which has been used for the past few years in fourth and fifth grade classrooms (for children aged nine to 10) in Menifee Union school district, has been pulled from shelves over fears that the "sexually graphic" entry is "just not age appropriate", according to the area's local paper.

The dictionary's online definition of the term is "oral stimulation of the genitals". "It's hard to sit and read the dictionary, but we'll be looking to find other things of a graphic nature," district spokeswoman Betti Cadmus told the paper.

While some parents have praised the move – "[it's] a prestigious dictionary that's used in the Riverside County spelling bee, but I also imagine there are words in there of concern," said Randy Freeman – others have raised concerns. "It is not such a bad thing for a kid to have the wherewithal to go and look up a word he may have even heard on the playground," father Jason Rogers told local press. "You have to draw the line somewhere. What are they going to do next, pull encyclopaedias because they list parts of the human anatomy like the penis and vagina?"

A panel is now reviewing whether the Menifee ban will be made permanent. The Merriam Webster dictionary joins an illustrious set of books that have been banned or challenged in the US, including Nobel prize winner Toni Morrison's Song of Solomon, which last year was suspended from and then reinstated to the curriculum at a Michigan school after complaints from parents about its coverage of graphic sex and violence, and titles by Khaled Hosseini and Philip Pullman, included in the American Library Association's list of books that inspired most complaints last year.                                                                                                                                                                                           0236673-537811c660ac70f967a68cd8f040241d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000023061 00000000000 014701  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Dr. Sebastian Gorka and American Greatness Publisher Chris Buskirk discuss President Trump’s efforts this week to advance his agenda on immigration, including news that the president might be considering amnesty for 800,000 so-called “Dreamers”—illegal aliens who entered the United States as children.

Chris Buskirk: Welcome back to the Seth and Chris show. Here we are in the penultimate hour of the Seth and Chris show, and we are just getting Dr. Sebastian Gorka on the line. Are we Bill? Yeah, it looks like we have him on the line. He is recently departed from the White House. Bill, sorry . . . Bill is making a signal to me. “One second,” he says. Are we good? All right, we have that kind of technology. Dr. Sebastian Gorka is our guest, recently departed senior advisor to the president of the United States. Welcome back to the show Seb, how are you?

Sebastian Gorka: Very well, thank you for having me.

Buskirk: Look, I’m glad you could make time for us on a Friday night. I know you’re back East so it’s not 4:07 it’s 7:07 where you are. It’s about the time a lot of people like to be winding down with their wife or with their family. Thank you, I do appreciate you carving out a little bit of time today, but I know you don’t have a ton of time. I want to jump right to it. The past, I don’t know, I guess it’s about 48 hours now, almost, has been a little bit of a whirlwind for the president, for his base, for those key supporters. I want to ask you the political question and I want to ask you the policy question.

The first one, the political question, starting Wednesday night the president had dinner at the White House with Chuck Schumer, with Nancy Pelosi. As soon as they left the White House, they could not get press releases and tweets out fast enough saying that they’ve struck a deal on a DACA-related amnesty with the president. Since then the Trump base has been concerned that it might, in fact, be true. I’ve argued that, if true, that would be damaging to the president. That if he did that, that would . . . he would have done to himself what the Democrats could never do to him, which is to separate him from his base; however, there’s the politics. There’s the optics of it, which is that the President may very well be playing a very sophisticated political game in showing the Republican leadership in Congress, that he’s in charge. He’s the President and that they need to do something. What do you think?

Gorka: I think, look I’ve read what you’ve written. As soon as the place erupted I immediately tweeted, “Guys, he’s not leaving us. Count to 10-”

Buskirk: Nice on that.

Gorka: “Take a deep breath, and wait a day.” Sure enough, less than a day, nine hours later, we have the counterpoint from the press secretary and from the President himself. Look, having worked for the man, let me tell you that it’s neither of the options that you, or scenarios that you have painted. He knows, he knows why he is the president. He knows that the first policy issue that catapulted him into preeminence as a presidential candidate was the border, was immigration. He knows that when Jeff Sessions put on that hat, Jeff Sessions was bringing his stance on illegal immigration to his campaign to set him apart from the 16 other hackneyed establishment candidates the GOP had arrayed against him. The president’s not gonna go back.

The other scenario is also fallacious. I love reading how we have these uber-Trumpsters… Look, I’m here to support the president inside the White House or outside the White House. If I read another article on how the president is doing 48-dimensional chess…

Buskirk: Right.

Gorka: It’s just, no, he doesn’t do that. He’s not some kind of uber-Machiavellian operator. He is an instinctual actor, a masterful … But he’s not plotting a … Steve Bannon is the fifth dimensional Vulcan, OK? That’s how Steve Bannon operates. He is the super strategist. The president, and that’s why Steve and the president work so well together, the president, as we’ve discussed, is this present, natural, instinctual actor. He goes into these meetings in ways that the swamp doesn’t. Of course, they tweeted the second they got out of the Oval, because they’re politicians and they want to get reelected. The president doesn’t think like that. He’s thinking about the American interest, and at the end of the day, he is not going to sell us up the river, I tell you that.

Buskirk: Okay, so look, that’s extremely helpful. That’s why I really wanted to talk to you. You know the president as well as anybody, way better than most. What’s your understanding of what happened? What do you think is the right way to think about it?

Gorka: Okay, so two things are important. The way I explain what’s happened in the last seven days is the following. Number one, the original response to DACA from the president is quintessential Donald Trump. He said, “Look, this is un-American because it’s unconstitutional.” President Obama behaved like an emperor when he created DACA. He has no right to legislate from the Oval Office, and that’s why he told to the attorney general, “End it now.” That’s why AG Sessions said, “DACA is over.”

However, Donald Trump, if you’ve read anything about him, to get his own books, read the real books not the tag jobs, the real books about him. He is one of the most charitable, kind-hearted men you’ll ever meet. He doesn’t wear it on his sleeve, he’s very quiet about it, but he is a very warm-hearted individual. He is not prepared to see young men and women who have not committed any crime of their own doing, be deported from this nation. He said to Congress, “Guys, let’s work this out.” Criminals, we get rid of them, and he’s absolutely adamant. You’re a member of MS-13, you’re a Dreamer who’s killed somebody, as has happened, you are going to be imprisoned or be deported. End of story. For those people who have not committed any crime beyond being brought here as a child by their parents, we’ve got to find a solution that comports with our Judeo-Christian charitable basis. Those are the things we have to understand about what the president is doing. It’s hard to guarantee them.

The last thing is the political aspect. When he met with those people, when he had Chuck and Nancy, sounds like Sid Vicious, right?

Buskirk: Exactly, yeah.

Gorka: When they came for dinner and they came to the Oval, he wasn’t firing a shot over the bow of the GOP establishment. He was firing a torpedo into the hull of the GOP establishment. He’s sending a message, “You want to fail me again? You don’t understand who won on November 8th? Guess what, there are other people I can work with and hopefully, hopefully those people who are mired in their own establishment dreck, like Paul Ryan, will wake up and understand who won the election last November.

Buskirk: Yeah, I mean, in that sense, I mean, this was where I think President Trump is so good, because he does have that, as you put it, he has this instinctual understanding of how to use his power, and what works. Right, I mean, this is the deal maker, and he’s saying, “Look, the Congress has done nothing, really, of note in the past eight months.” The president’s very energetic, likes to get things done. He says, “OK, if I can’t work with A, I’ll work with B.”

Gorka: Bingo, you’ve got it, you’ve got it. He has that [inaudible 00:07:57] there in a political, conniving sense. You understand exactly where he’s coming from, he wants to get things done. If you have failed him, he’s not going to go back to you for you to fail him again. This is why it’s really crucial to understand the Obamacare vote wasn’t a failure of the president. The president said, “Hey guys, you’ve been talking about replace, repeal and replace for seven years. How about you guys fix it, congressional Republicans.” What happened? They failed, not the president. He has drawn the requisite conclusions.

Buskirk: Yeah, I mean, look, your insight is actually extremely helpful. It’s very helpful for me in thinking about this. I hope it’s helpful, I know it’ll be helpful really, for our listeners. You tend to think of politicians as being manipulative, plotting, Machiavellian. Whereas, maybe the picture you’re painting which is a better one for the President, is more like water. He’s trying to get downhill, and he’s going to go up, down, over, under, around the obstacles, but he’s still charting the same course. He’s still going to get to his destination one way or the other.

Gorka: The important thing to remember, and I like that analogy, and people should really read his book, The Art of the Deal. We’ve done studies with this man, and he will not be stopped, okay? He will not conform to existing patterns on how you get things done. He is totally unencumbered by the objectives that the business-as-usual political class has. Remember, he came to this city with no political baggage at all. He doesn’t have a retinue he has to keep in place. He doesn’t have to guarantee sinecures for a whole schlep of people he brought with him from his state or from his previous political position. As such, he can simply focus on the objective.

Buskirk: That’s perfect. That’s the end of the segment, we’re going to have to leave it there. Dr. Sebastian Gorka, thanks so much for joining us and for sharing your insight into the politics of Washington but in particular, into the President himself. It is extremely helpful. Have a good weekend, we’ll talk to you again real soon.

Gorka: Thanks, I look forward to it. All the best.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0236575-dc98f00e587b9f5b26d3834e0917c451.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000021746 00000000000 015010  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Introduction

The benefits of establishing clover in grass pasture are well-known. They can include increased forage yield, improved forage quality, reduced nitrogen fertilizer costs, dilution of toxic fescue, and good livestock performance. Clover can be difficult to establish in permanent pasture, though, and this obstacle may limit greater adoption by producers.

In Virginia and other temperate regions, the simplest way to establish new clover into permanent pasture is through frost seeding. This method involves broadcast seeding of clover in winter so that freeze/thaw cycles of the soil surface help to incorporate seed. Although simple and relatively inexpensive, this method is notoriously unreliable for establishing clover.

A better strategy to ensure good clover establishment may involve no-till drilling. This method involves a no-till drill that cuts through existing sod to make a furrow where clover seeds are planted. This precision planting method provides for more uniform seed placement and stronger seed/soil contact that should help to ensure successful germination. On the downside, no-till drilling can be more expensive, time consuming, and difficult to implement on steep or rough land. No-till drilling also has potential to place clover seed too deep (below .25 inch), which can reduce seedling emergence.

Information is limited about the relative benefits of frost seeding versus no-till drilling of clover seed. More information comparing these methods should help producers choose the best seeding method for their situation. To address this issue, a field experiment was initiated at Kentland Farm near Blacksburg, Va., Tech in 2009. The study’s primary objective was to compare the effectiveness of frost seeding and no-till drilling to establish clover in permanent pasture. A secondary objective sought to identify possible factors that might influence this success. The following information summarizes results from the critical first year of establishment.

Procedures

In winter 2009, four 2.5-acre replicate pastures were chosen for the seeding experiment. The pastures consisted of mostly tall fescue, bluegrass, and some orchardgrass. No clover had been sown into experimental pastures in recent years. Before establishment of seeding treatments, each pasture was heavily grazed by cattle to remove standing dead vegetation. Pastures were then fertilized with phosphorus and potassium, as recommended by a soil test. Soil pH was above 6.5 on all pastures, so no lime was added. On Feb. 4, 2009, one-half of each pasture was sown with a mixture of red (Juliet), ladino white (Pinnacle), and white clover (Kopu II) using a broadcast seeder. On March 10, the remaining half of each pasture was planted with the same legume mixture using a no-till drill. The seeding rate was 4 pounds per acre for red clover, 2 pounds per acre for ladino clover, and 2 pounds per acre for red clover.

Some standing dead forage still remained after winter grazing, and we estimated this quantity by harvesting small plots. In early April 2009, we counted clover seedlings in randomly located plots. Pastures then were divided into six paddocks using single-strand electric fence and rotationally grazed by beef cows. Initially, we grazed each pasture with five cows (average weight approximately 1,400 pounds), moving them through the paddocks every one to two days. This intensive rotational grazing was done to help suppress grass growth, yet still allow clover to grow. In midsummer, the stocking rate was gradually reduced to two cows per pasture that were moved every five to six days. In June and August, we moved cows from pastures for two and four weeks, respectively, and they grazed different experimental pastures. After the two rest periods (in June and August), forage samples were harvested to document clover contribution to yield. Within these plots, we also visually estimated the proportion of groundcover occupied by each forage species.

Results From the Establishment Year

The number of clover seedlings varied among pastures, with slightly more seedlings emerging in frost-seeded plots. The amount of standing dead vegetation that remained at planting likely affected clover emergence. Pastures with more standing dead vegetation tended to have fewer clover seedlings. Our data also points to a potential threshold of standing dead mass at approximately 220 pounds per acre. Reducing standing dead mass below this threshold (i.e., less than 2 inches of stubble) seemed to encourage clover emergence, especially in frost-seeded plots (table 1). Leaving more standing dead vegetation above this threshold appeared to suppress clover emergence.

Table 1. Clover seedling density, mean winter forage mass, and August clover mass in the four experimental pastures. Mean seedling density was statistically different between seeding treatments (P < 0.10)*. Pasture Seeding Method (clover seedlings/sq feet) Forage Variables (lb/acre) Frost seed No-till drill Standing dead mass Clover yield in August A 13 8 103 593 B 16 7 155 520 C 10 5 212 327 D 4 5 245 162 Mean* 11 6

Pastures with few seedlings also produced less clover biomass later in the season. Of the four pastures, pasture “D” had the fewest seedlings in April and the lowest clover biomass in August (table 1). In contrast, pastures “A” and “B” had the most seedlings in spring and the highest clover mass in August. These results suggest that initial seedling emergence may limit clover establishment later in the season. Providing sufficient open space in the pasture canopy that encourages emergence during spring may be critical to achieve good clover yield later in the season.

Although we initially found more clover seedlings in frost-seeded pastures, this did not translate into greater clover abundance as the growing season progressed. In terms of the percentage of groundcover occupied by clover, we found no statistical differences between seeding methods. The groundcover data show a dramatic increase in clover abundance from spring to summer, however. In spring, clovers accounted for only about 4 percent of the pasture species composition, but by August that had increased to nearly 40 percent in some pastures (table 2).

Table 2. Percent of groundcover occupied by clovers during the 2009 growing season. No significant statistical differences were found between seeding methods in any month. April June August Frost seed No-till drill Frost seed No-till drill Frost seed No-till drill % Red Clover 1 1 8 12 14 13 White clovers* 3 3 28 17 26 20 Total 4 4 36 29 40 33 *White clovers included both sown ladino and white clovers, as they could not be visually separated.

Clover yield also did not differ statistically between the two seeding methods in either June or August. Although means were numerically different, there was a wide variation in clover yield among replicate pastures. The high variation contributed to the lack of statistical difference. All yield components increased substantially from June to August (table 3). This increase was partly in response to the high summer rainfall we received at this location and from resting these pastures from grazing in midsummer. In August, each clover type accounted for about 8 percent of the total yield. We could not visually separate white and ladino clover varieties in the ground cover or yield analysis. Subsequent destructive harvests, however, indicated that ladino clover accounted for the majority of white clover present in pastures.

Table 3. Dry matter yield of grasses, red clover, white clovers (ladino and white), and weeds harvested in June and August 2009. June Grasses Red clover White clover Weeds Total lb/acre Frost seed 867 41 127 22 1057 Drill 890 26 64 29 1009 Difference NS* NS NS NS NS August Grasses Red clover White clover Weeds Total lb/acre Frost seed 2214 207 215 45 2681 Drill 2131 181 197 72 2581 Difference NS NS NS NS NS * “NS” indicates no statistical difference between seeding treatments.

Conclusions

We successfully established new clover into these permanent pastures. The clover component in pastures increased more than 20-fold from April to August 2009. Broadcast frost seeding and no-till drilling were equally effective for establishing clover. We suspect successful clover establishment was related to a combination of factors:

Heavy, mob grazing in winter that reduced standing dead vegetation and helped seedling emergence. Timely frost seeding during the first week of February. Aggressive rotational grazing in spring that simultaneously reduced grass competition and allowed clovers to grow enough to establish. Good soil fertility (adequate phosphorus, potassium, and pH) to stimulate clover growth. Rainfall, which was abundant during the 2009 growing season.

The exact factors that determine successful clover establishment remain elusive though, as there are probably combinations of events involved. The good news is that producers can control most of these variables through management (i.e., seeding time, stocking rate), and by doing so, should increase their chances of successful clover establishment in permanent pasture.                          0236665-7183b44635bd8df05247f6511b15bce8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010100 00000000000 014750  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        This week, The Atlantic’s Julia Ioffe published a bombshell investigation revealing that Donald Trump Jr., the president’s hair gel-infused heir to the Twitter troll throne, communicated with WikiLeaks over Twitter direct message in the months leading up to the 2016 general election.

“The messages show WikiLeaks, a radical transparency organization that the American intelligence community believes was chosen by the Russian government to disseminate the information it had hacked, actively soliciting Trump Jr.’s cooperation. WikiLeaks made a series of increasingly bold requests, including asking for Trump’s tax returns, urging the Trump campaign on Election Day to reject the results of the election as rigged, and requesting that the president-elect tell Australia to appoint Julian Assange ambassador to the United States,” reported Ioffe.

Furthermore, the Twitter DMs show WikiLeaks requesting that Don Jr. push its findings on Twitter (he obliged), and Don Jr. eager to obtain damaging information on his father’s opponent, Hillary Clinton. The WikiLeaks revelations come on the heels of the news that in June 2016, Don Jr. met at Trump Tower with Natalia Veselnitskaya, a Russian lawyer with Kremlin connections, after he was promised “information that would incriminate Hillary.” He responded, “If it’s what you say I love it.”

Naturally, Late Night host Seth Meyers had a field day with the latest scandal ensnaring the most woefully inept Trump kid.

“Back here at home, [President Trump’s] inner circle is dealing with yet more information about his potential involvement in Russian election meddling. And you’ll never guess which Trump family member is once again mixed up in all of it. I’ll give you a hint: He has the same name as a famous idiot,” said Meyers during the latest edition of his ‘A Closer Look’ segment. He added: “Of course it was Don Jr. He’s the dumbest member of a family in which there is stiff competition. That family still hasn’t finished a game of Trivial Pursuit they started in 1988.”

Meyers then took a few shots at Don Jr.’s younger brother, Eric Trump, best known for resembling a member of House Slytherin and for some seriously shady charity shenanigans.

“Also, it’s not often we can say this, so let’s do it while we can: Today is a good day to be Eric. Give it up for Eric, everybody! I didn’t collude, Father! Although Eric probably couldn’t collude if he tried,” said Meyers.

He proceeded to simulate a Twitter DM conversation between Julian Assange and an incredibly slow Eric Trump wherein Assange begins, “Eric, Julian Assange here. We have some interesting information on the Clinton campaign.” “My name is also Eric,” the younger Trump replies. “Yes, I know. My name is Julian Assange.” “Hi Julian, I’m Eric.” And so on, and so forth.

The comedian then came back to Don Jr., who, after pushing an incredibly specious WikiLeaks item about Clinton wanting to drone Assange (at WikiLeaks’ urging), wrote to the group’s Twitter account: “What’s behind this Wednesday leak I keep reading about?”

One day earlier, Trump adviser Roger Stone had tweeted, “[email protected] is done #WikiLeaks.” This was, we’d later learn, concerned the hacked emails of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. The following week, candidate Trump would proclaim at a rally, “I love WikiLeaks.”

“Now this news adds more context to what we already know about the Trump campaign’s interest in obtaining Hillary’s emails, and its relationship with WikiLeaks. Of course, we already know Don Jr. and several other campaign aides—include one who has since been indicted—actively sought dirt on Hillary Clinton from the Russians. And now we know that, admittedly on a limited basis, Don Jr. did communicate with WikiLeaks,” Meyers explained.

“Don Jr. then actively sought out WikiLeaks to find out what they had planned,” he continued. “Amazing. He literally inquired, in writing, about a potential crime. Don Jr.’s the kind of guy who, if he ever robbed a bank, would post a selfie from inside the vault.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0236541-ac0ecacdf2c63424293ac6ab0c5a351d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003061 00000000000 015352  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Image caption Images of pets are popular on social network sites

Many UK pet owners prefer to hug their animals rather than a close relative when feeling low, a poll for a social networking website suggests.

Half of the 1,124 people quizzed for My Social Petwork said they acted in such a way and a third said they spend up to 30 days a year caring for their pets.

One in five has cancelled social plans to be with their pet, March's survey conducted by OpinionMatters found.

The website described its survey as the "UK's first pet census".

The survey suggested that one in five pet owners regularly uses social networking sites Facebook or Twitter to share pet images, and 10% of people have taken their pet to occasions such as christenings or weddings.

'Healthy and happy'

About 7% of owners have cancelled a date and 4% have called in sick to work because of their pets, the survey said.

A quarter of UK pet owners said their pet was more like a child to them than a pet, while 15% said their pet was someone that they confided in with their problems.

TV vet Emma Milne said: "As a vet and animal welfare spokesperson it is extremely heartening to see the lengths that people go to ensuring that our pets are well cared for and looked after.

"Everyone must be aware of the responsibility they are taking on when they choose to own any pet - whether that be a dog, cat, guinea pig or fish - and the results of the census shows that the majority of pet owners in the UK are doing a fantastic job in providing their pet a healthy and happy life by putting their pets first."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0236431-e07ab6570165cc418d80f543b7392be4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010134 00000000000 014744  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The International Monetary Fund downgraded its outlook for the Canadian economy, saying growth will be more subdued this year and next as the commodity price crash continues to take its toll.

In a quarterly report issued Tuesday, the IMF said Canada’s gross domestic product will grow only 1 per cent this year, down from an earlier forecast of 2.2 per cent, made in April. And while economists and the Bank of Canada have forecast a return to stronger growth next year — current consensus among economists surveyed by Bloomberg is 2 per cent — the IMF said it does not see a strong rebound, predicting growth of just 1.7 per cent.

Canada is not the only economy, however, expected to register disappointing growth this year. The IMF said the global economy will grow by only 3.1 per cent this year — the slowest pace since the 2009 global recession and down from 3.4 per cent growth last year.

“In an environment of declining commodity prices, reduced capital flows to emerging markets and pressure on their currencies, and increasing financial market volatility, downside risks to the outlook have risen,” the IMF said.

The forecast comes the same day

as Statistics Canada said that Canada’s trade balance saw a sharp deterioration in August , weighed down by falling energy prices. Canada’s trade deficit with the rest of the world was $2.53 billion for the month, compared with economist expectations of a $1.94 billion.

Exports fell 3.6 per cent to $43.95 billion — the largest decline since January, 2012 — while imports rose 0.2 per cent to $46.49 billion. Exports shrank because of lower sales of crude oil and bitumen, which led to a 14.7 per cent dip in overall energy exports.

“The Canadian trade report was disappointing considering the slumping exports came in a month when U.S. imports actually rose,” said Krishen Rangasamy, senior economist at National Bank Financial Markets.

Canada’s economy is in the process of rebounding after registering a technical recession in the first half of the year, defined as two consecutive quarters of declining gross domestic product. Many economists are forecasting a bounce back in the third quarter, with data in July and August already suggesting a return to growth.

And while Tuesday’s trade data were a minor setback, economists are expecting exports to pick up, aided by a weak Canadian dollar.

“Net exports are expected to add 2.2 percentage points to annualized GDP growth in the third quarter, following a more modest 0.6 percentage point add in Q2,” Paul Ferley, assistant chief economist for RBC Capital Markets, said in a note. “This is the main factor behind our expectation that overall GDP growth will return to positive territory in the third quarter rising a solid 2.5 per cent.”

But while the economy likely no longer faces recession, the IMF is not alone in suggesting that Canada continues to face risks amid depressed commodity prices.

The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development cut its own forecast for Canada in September, saying weak commodity prices have generated “strong headwinds” for the economy. Crude oil prices have crashed more than 50 per cent since last year, leading to a wave of layoffs and cost cutting among energy companies, which are mainly concentrated in Alberta.

Canada was singled out by the OECD for one of its biggest downgrades for 2015, with the organization cutting its forecast for the country by 0.4 percentage points to 1.1 per cent. It also reduced its 2016 outlook by 0.2 percentage points to 2.1 per cent.

The Bank of Canada is one of the more optimistic institutions, saying it expects a stronger rebound to 2.3 per cent growth next year.

Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz said in a speech in Calgary last month that the Canadian economy is “highly diversified,” and that it will adjust to the recent crash in energy prices. Roughly 20 per cent of Canadian gross domestic product is currently derived from the resource industry.

“Canada has seen this movie before,” Poloz said.“We’ve adjusted to rising prices, we can adjust to falling ones.”

jshmuel@financialpost.com

twitter.com/jshmuel                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0236489-e86d8ab58a4a776457a9ab110badd8dc.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017564 00000000000 015361  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        WSJ Goes Long on the Hard to Get Good Help Story

The usually astute Greg Ip gets derailed in a high production values piece that tries to tell us that our problems stem from not having enough kids. For those left scratching their heads while sitting in traffic jams or standing in over-crowded subway cars, the basic story is that we somehow don't have enough workers to do all the work. (Where are those damn robots when we need them?)

Anyhow, the piece starts out quickly on the wrong foot:

"Ever since the global financial crisis, economists have groped for reasons to explain why growth in the U.S. and abroad has repeatedly disappointed, citing everything from fiscal austerity to the euro meltdown. They are now coming to realize that one of the stiffest headwinds is also one of the hardest to overcome: demographics."

Umm no, those of us who warned of the housing bubble and predicted that the resulting downturn would be hard to reverse saw the weak growth as a 100 percent predictable problem from a shortfall in aggregate demand. There was no source of demand to replace the construction and consumption demand driven by the bubble.

And, I don't recall being at all troubled by slower aggregate growth, the issue was that we were seeing insufficient growth to fully employ the population. The United States and many other wealthy countries have seen a sharp decline in the employment to population ratio. This is true even when we look at the employment to population ratio for prime age (ages 25–54) workers. This is down by three full percentage points from its pre-recession peak and by more than four percentage points from its 2000 peak. It is pretty hard to explain the drop in the percentage of people working by demographics.

We later get the strange statement:

"Simply put, companies are running out of workers, customers or both. In either case, economic growth suffers."

Actually, these are two very different stories that need to be considered separately. Suppose companies don't have enough customers. This is a story of inadequate demand. How do we solve it? Spend money. The private sector can do it, the government can do it, counterfeiters can do it. In this story, more demand will create more supply. The only obstacle to generating the demand is our own stupidity. (We can also all decide to work fewer hours, since we are producing more than we need, we should be able to all work less and still meet our needs.)

The story of too few workers is a story of inadequate supply. We have needs that we just can't meet because there is no one to do them. The problem with this story is that it only focuses on half of the equation, and by far the less important half. The ability of the working population to meet the needs of the total population depends on both the size of the workforce relative to the whole population and also its productivity. The productivity portion of the story swamps the population portion of the story.

Here's what I wrote in response to a Washington Post piece on China earlier in the month.

"To see why this is not true, we will take a very simple story where we contrast a country with moderate productivity growth and no demographic change with a country rapid productivity growth and a rapid aging of its population. The figure below shows the basic story.





Source: Author's calculations.



"We assume that in 1985 there are five workers to every retiree in both the Washington Post and China story. If we set output per worker in 1985 equal to 100, then the amount of output per worker and retiree in 1985 is 83.3 (five sixths of the output per worker). We then allow for different rates of productivity growth and population growth over the next three decades.



"In the China scenario, we have 5.0 percent annual productivity growth. This is somewhat slower than the actual rate of growth of output per worker over the last three decades, but it is still sufficient to make the point. The calculation assumes the ratio of workers to retirees falls to just two to one, a sharper decline than has actually been the case.



"In the Washington Post scenario, we assume a moderate 2.0 percent rate of productivity growth, roughly the average rate for the U.S. economy over the last three decades. To make the case extreme in the other direction, it is assumed there is no change in the ratio of workers to retirees so that in 2015 the ratio is still five to one.



"As should be obvious, in the high productivity case output per worker is far higher in 2015 than in the Washington Post scenario. Output per worker reaches 432.2 in 2015 in the China scenario, compared to just 181.1 in the Washington Post scenario.



"Because of the extraordinary differences in output per worker, China is still much better capable of supporting its retired population in 2015 than a country following the Washington Post scenario. Its output per person is equal to 288.1 in 2015. This means that both its workers and retirees can enjoy an income that is 188.1 percent higher in 2015 than it was in 1985. By contrast, in the Washington Post scenario output per person in 2015 is just 150.9 in 2015, meaning that its workers and retirees can only enjoy an income that is on average 50.9 percent higher than in 1985.



"In this case, it should be evident that China will have a much easier time supporting its retirees than a country that had enjoyed just moderate productivity growth and no demographic change. It is also worth noting that some demographic change was inevitable. Regardless of what policies China had pursued it was going to see an aging of its population, which would have meant a decline in the ratio of workers to retirees.



"These numbers also overstate the benefits of the Washington Post scenario for two other reasons. The numbers treat retirees as the only dependents. Of course there are also children. The ratio of children to workers would be far larger in the Washington Post scenario than in the China scenario. Incorporating children into the calculation would further increase the gap in the change in output per person between the two scenarios.



"The other difference is that the Washington Post scenario of more rapid population growth would imply much greater strains on China's natural resources. The country would require much more food and water and emit a much larger amount of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. This would further reduce the standard of living in the Washington Post scenario relative to the China scenario shown here."

In short, China is actually extraordinarily well-prepared for the aging of its population. It should in principle have no problem generating enough output so that both its workers and retirees can enjoy much higher standards of living in ten years than they do today. (This does require setting up a good public pension system.) Countries with a slower rate of aging but worker productivity growth will find this more difficult.

In keeping with the confusion throughout the piece we also get the complaint that builders are suffering from a shortage of labor:

"For example, home builders are simultaneously suffering from shrinking demand since the homeownership rate is declining, and from labor shortages as the baby boomers retire."

A shortage of labor would imply construction workers' wages are rising rapidly. They aren't.

There is some uptick in the rate of nominal wage growth, but it remains below 3.0 percent annually, which is well below pre-recession levels. In short, not much evidence of a shortage here.

Just to repeat, the question we have to ask is whether the problem is a shortage of demand or supply. If the problem is demand, then we can easily deal with it. If the problem is supply then we have to explain why in the era of computerization and robots we aren't seeing productivity growth. If the economy is broken and unable to sustain productivity growth, this is the real problem. Getting more people to make our cities and natural spaces more crowded is not the solution.                                                                                                                                            0236641-87656a3eb98e06193906cfa742b2bc90.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005101 00000000000 014761  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Late Night with Seth Meyers featured the six minute scene and song from Fun Home, when Medium Alison (Emily Skeggs), a freshman college student, kisses a classmate, Joan (Roberta Colindrez), and then later, while Joan sleeps on Alison’s bed, breaks into song. (Lyrics below)

What happened last night? Are you really here?

Joan Joan Joan Joan Joan

Hi Joan Don’t wake up, Joan Oh my god last night

Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god last night I got so excited

I was too enthusiastic

Thank you for not laughing

Well you laughed a little bit

at one point when I was touching you and said I might lose consciousness which you said was adorable

and I just have to trust

that you don’t think I am an idiot or some kind of an animal

I never lost control

due to overwhelming lust

But I must say that I’m

Changing my major to Joan

I’m changing my major to sex with Joan I’m changing my major to sex with Joan with a minor in kissing Joan

Foreign study to Joan’s inner thighs A seminar on Joan’s ass in her Levis And Joan’s crazy brown eyes

Joan, I feel like Hercules

Oh god that sounds ridiculous Just keep on sleeping through this and I’ll work on calming down

so by the time you’ve woken up I’ll be cool I’ll be collected and I’ll have found some dignity but who needs dignity?

‘cause this is so much better

I’m radiating happiness

Will you stay here with me

for the rest of the semester?

We won’t need any food

We’ll live on sex alone

Sex with Joan!

I am writing a thesis on Joan!

It’s a cutting edge field and my mind is blown I will gladly stay up ev’ry night to hone

My compulsory skills with Joan

I will study my way down her spine Familiarize myself with her well-made outline While she researches mine!

I don’t know who I am

I’ve become someone new

Nothing I just did

is anything I would do

Overnight everything changed, I am not prepared I’m dizzy I’m nauseous I’m shaky I’m scared

Am I falling into nothingness

or flying into something so sublime? I don’t know!

But I’m

Changing my major to Joan

I thought all my life I’d be all alone But that was before I was lying prone

in this dorm room bed with Joan

Look, she drooled on the pillow–so sweet All sweaty and tangled-up in my bed sheet And my heart feels…

Complete

Let’s never leave this room

How’ bout we stay here ‘til finals

I’ll go to school forever

I’ll take out a dementedly huge high-interest loan ‘Cause I’m changing

my major

Advertisements

Share this: Twitter

Facebook

LinkedIn

Reddit

Email

Print



Like this: Like Loading...                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0236638-a1934e826b0db8269f9ed271a3e07bd3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003276 00000000000 015131  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Twitter Goes to Town on Amercia

Mitt Romney launched an official iPhone app Tuesday night — only to find that it came with one glaring, humiliating oversight for his campaign.

Here's how the free app works: You take a photo, then are able to lay one of 14 "I'm With Mitt" banners over the image. The banners shout slogans such as "I'm a Mom for Mitt." Then you can post the photo directly to Facebook or Twitter, or email it to a friend. The friend then receives a message reading: “I’m with Mitt Romney in 2012. And here’s a photo showing my support. Check it out!”

The problem? One of the 14 options reads, in fact, "A Better Amercia." Yes, Amercia. A-M-E-R-C-I-A.

Just a couple hours after the app was officially announced, the Twittersphere and online peanut gallery were already having a field day with the editorial oversight. Obama supporters, media and general snarkmeisters reveled in taking photos with the glitchy app and inserting "Amercia" into some of Romney's most memorable campaign quotes.

UPDATE: Mitt Romney’s “With Mitt” iPhone app no longer includes the “Amercia” typo.

Tuesday was a big night for Romney, and the app's release was intended in part to help celebrate his likely capture of the Republican presidential nomination after the Texas primary. Zac Moffatt, Romney's digital director, told Mashable Thursday afternoon that the app was meant to be a simple way for Romney backers to show their pride as the candidate took a big symbolic step toward the White House.

“We thought this would be a fun, easy way to showcase support,” Moffatt said. Instead, the app became a platform for ridicule.

Check out the gallery above for some of the Twittersphere's best zingers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236651-751a58b89ca2cf2152b6c12f1d383ed0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001430 00000000000 015076  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Generations of Chicagoans have enjoyed the many public spaces that make up the city's park district, and fortunately, the Library of Congress has catalogued decades' worth of images of Windy City residents enjoying the great outdoors. Chicagoans are proud of their existing public spaces, and beyond excited for the new parks currently in the works. Perhaps Chicago's best known park, Grant Park is located in the center of the city and features some of the city's most important tourist destinations. Just north of Grant Park lies Lincoln Park, another one of Chicago's largest and oldest public spaces. Even further north is Edgewater Beach, which was once the destination for the wealthy. Grab a seat and take a trip to Chicago's past with these 30 images of Chicago's great public spaces.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0236316-b02498589d98596a5739d7405476d4e2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006635 00000000000 014526  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A heartbroken father has been made to choose between his wife and his Down syndrome son because her family are too ashamed of the newborn's condition.

Samuel Forrest's wife Ruzan Badalyan gave birth to their first child Leo on January 21 in an Armenian hospital.

But just hours after the birth, Leo's New Zealand born father was given an ultimatum by his wife of 18 months - the woman he loved or his newborn son.

Scroll down for video

Samuel Forrest's wife Ruzan Badalyan gave birth to their first child Leo on January 21 in an Armenian hospital

Leo's mother and her family abandoned him soon after he was born due to his Down syndrome.

She refused to look at or even touch her son because Armenian culture believes a child with a condition like Leo's brings shame on the entire family, according to Samuel.

When Leo was born, Samuel said he wasn't immediately allowed to see his son or wife.

'This paediatrician walks out of the room with a little bundle... She had his face covered up and hospital authorities wouldn't let me see him or my wife,' he told ABC News.

'When the doctor came out, he said "there’s a real problem with your son".'

Just hours after the birth, Leo's New Zealand born father Samuel was given an ultimatum by his wife of 18 months - the woman he loved or his newborn son

Leo's mother refused to look at or even touch her son because Armenian culture believes a child with a condition like his brings shame on the entire family

Samuel said he was shocked when doctors initially told him of Leo's Down syndrome, but it never crossed his mind to abandon him.

'They took me in to see him and I looked at this guy and I said, he's beautiful, he's perfect and I'm absolutely keeping him,' he said.

When he carried Leo in to meet his wife, she threatened to leave him if he kept his son.

'What happens when a baby like this is born here, they will tell you that you don't have to keep them,' he told ABC News.

'My wife had already decided, so all of this was done behind my back.'

Samuel's wife filed for divorce a week later.

Samuel is now desperately trying to crowd fund to flee the eastern European country so he can raise Leo back in his native New Zealand

The fundraising page, titled Bring Leo Home, has already raised more than $100,000 in less than 24 hours

The first-time father is now desperately trying to crowd fund to flee the eastern European country so he can raise Leo back in his native New Zealand

The first-time father is now desperately trying to crowd fund to flee the eastern European country so he can raise Leo back in his native New Zealand.

The fundraising page, titled Bring Leo Home, has already raised more than $100,000 in less than 24 hours.

Samuel has been left stunned by the outpouring of support.

'Leo and I found out in the wee hours of the morning that we had crossed our target. He is a lucky guy to have the support of thousands of friends around the world,' he said.

The money will be used find a house in Auckland and to give Leo education opportunities.

Samuel also plans to use some of the funds to support parents in Armenia who are raising children with disabilities.

'We’d also like to share the surplus funds with the only orphanage in Armenia that regularly takes abandoned Down syndrome babies as well as other organisations that can help these children,' he said.

The initial goal for Samuel and Leo was to raise enough for a year so he could get part-time work and care for his son.                                                                                                   0236517-de9105c8544043e6dc70b015af51bfd8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004604 00000000000 015107  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        One of the biggest names in Silicon Valley criticized Facebook and other social media sites in an interview with Axios earlier this week.

Sean Parker said that people like himself and Mark Zuckerberg had just one goal it mind when it came to these platforms: 'How do we consume as much of your time and conscious attention as possible'

The answer, according to Parker, was by exploiting human weakness.

Parker said that he now sees himself as 'something of a conscientious objector' to social media, despite the fact that he owes most of his massive $2.4 billion fortune to his involvement with Facebook.

He also joked that Mark Zuckerberg would probably end up blocking him in the wake of his comments.

Speaking out: Sean Parker told Axios in an interview that the goal of Facebook is: 'How do we consume as much of your time and conscious attention as possible'

Parker said that he and people like Zuckerberg realized they could keep their users engaged by 'exploiting a vulnerability in human psychology' and creating 'a social-validation feedback loop.'

He explained: 'And that means that we need to sort of give you a little dopamine hit every once in a while, because someone liked or commented on a photo or a post or whatever. And that's going to get you to contribute more content, and that's going to get you ... more likes and comments.'

Parker, who now has two children, said: 'It probably interferes with productivity in weird ways. God only knows what it's doing to our children's brains.'

Parker seemed to suggest that he now regrets his involvement with Facebook during his remarks in Philadelphia.

Friends: He said he now considers himself a 'conscientious objector' to social media, despite most of his $2.4 billion fortune coming from Facebook (Parker and Mark Zuckerberg with Snoop above in 2011)

'When Facebook was getting going, I had these people who would come up to me and they would say, "I'm not on social media." And I would say, "OK. You know, you will be." And then they would say, "No, no, no. I value my real-life interactions. I value the moment. I value presence. I value intimacy.' And I would say, "We'll get you eventually,"' said Parker.

He later added that the size and scope of Facebook's audience 'literally changes your relationship with society,' noting the now 2 billion users on the social network.

The billionaire recently founded the Parker Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy.                                                                                                                            0236543-1137090d78e6f244f11df0638ee1545d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003351 00000000000 014676  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        IBM Research

Hospital-acquired infections have become a major killer in the United States, mainly because the drug-resistant "superbugs" that cause them have proven nearly impossible to stop.

But now IBM and the Institute of Bioengineering and Nanotechnology say they have come up with what they're calling an antimicrobial hydrogel that can successfully fight the superbugs that are behind killers like MRSA.

In an announcement today, IBM Research and its partner on the project said that their antimicrobial hydrogel was designed to cut through diseased biofilms and almost instantly kill off drug-resistant bacteria. The collaborators on the project said that the the synthetic drug is meant for combating the growing infection problems plaguing American hospitals, because it is non-toxic, biocompatible, and biodegradable.

Normally, IBM said in its announcement, antimicrobials are used in standard household cleaners like alcohol and bleach. But those substances haven't proved effective in fighting deadly skin infections like MRSA because antibiotics are becoming less effective and standard disinfectants aren't meant for biological situations.

But the new hydrogel was created to be used in creams and other therapeutics that are meant for healing. The hydrogel can be applied to contaminated surfaces, and its positive charge instantly attracts the microbial membranes' negative charge. The bacteria is then meant to be killed by what IBM termed membrane disruption, a step that staves off any kind of resistance to the hydrogel.

Although it's not yet clear how this advancement will make its way into actual hospital and other relevant settings, research like this is meant to jump-start the commercial development of actual drugs and other therapies.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236677-300bfbdb1c68a5d859165ac1e6d9a17c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002626 00000000000 015261  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Despite the ongoing political narrative that the new Republican Senate Majority will attempt to work with President Barack Obama now that we’ve achieved fully divided government, Fox’s Cashin’ In host Eric Bolling thinks the GOP should quit playing nice and dare the president to veto its legislative agenda.

Bolling took to his weekly “Wake Up America” monologue to lambast conservatives for having previously played in “squishy Republican pastels.” Any sense of compromise among the GOP, he warned, should be discarded.

“Compromise?” he incredulously asked. “Did [the Democrats] compromise on Obamacare? We didn’t want it. The president and his majority forced that monster upon us.” Bolling added that the Democrats also didn’t compromise on “open[ing] the border for hundreds of thousands of illegal Central American kids to make themselves at home here.”

Employing a football metaphor, Bolling suggested the Democrats “fumbled” the ball and now that the GOP has recovered it, it’s time to simply “run up the score” by daring the president to veto various Republican initiatives: The Keystone Pipeline; a corporate repatriation tax holiday; and a conservative-supported immigration bill.

“This is not a time for compromise,” the host said. “No spiking the football, but damn! Don’t waste this majority.”

Watch below, via Fox:

Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com                                                                                                          0236565-f544f4a8a18cfbde8192ba775482b8c0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005112 00000000000 015205  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        0

Well this certainly makes things interesting. HBO’s stellar True Detective is an anthology series, with each season telling a standalone story with different characters and a different cast, but it appears that the network is feeling rather bullish and will be submitting True Detective in the highly competitive Drama Series category at the upcoming Emmy Awards. Many assumed HBO would be submitting True Detective as a Miniseries, where it would no doubt clean up with awards for the show as a whole, director Cary Fukunaga, writer/creator Nic Pizzolato, and actors Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson.

However, with this interesting turn of events, True Detective will now square off directly with Breaking Bad’s final season in the fiercely competitive drama series field. Hit the jump for more.

News of HBO’s submission decision for True Detective comes courtesy of THR. Though the pay cable network has had much success in the Miniseries/Made for TV Movie category over the past few years, wildly positive response to True Detective has given them a very serious contender to win the big trophy. Of course, the network’s other popular show Game of Thrones has been nominated thrice before for Best Drama Series, but unless season four is jaw-droppingly, out-of-this-world good, voters remain unlikely to award the genre series. On the flipside, True Detective is just the kind of show that Emmy voters are drawn to, and could result in HBO’s first Best Drama Series win since The Sopranos took the trophy in 2007.

Not only does this mean that True Detective will face the excellent final season of Breaking Bad in the Best Drama Series category, but McConaughey (fresh off an Oscar win) and Harrelson face stiff competition in the acting categories as well. One imagines the network will maximize its potential by submitting McConaughey for Best Actor and Harrelson for Best Supporting Actor, but again, the two will be competing opposite the final performances from Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul, respectively, not to mention House of Cards’ Kevin Spacey and Mad Men’s Jon Hamm. Speaking of which, Mad Men kicks off the first half of its final season next month, which will be the batch of episodes competing alongside the first season of True Detective.

Submitting True Detective in the Miniseries category would have been an easy win, but you have to admire the boldness of HBO in going for the real win by positioning Nic Pizzolato’s dramatic thriller in the Big Leagues. This should make for a very interesting Emmy season.

The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards will be broadcast on August 25th on NBC.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0236621-053269303b581718dded8a8a5c916677.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004734 00000000000 014634  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A recently discovered photograph may be the key to solving the mystery of missing American pilot Amelia Earhart.

Earhart — the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean — disappeared while on a flight around the world 80 years ago. The US declared Earhart dead two years after her disappearance, alleging she must have crashed somewhere in the Pacific Ocean after running out of fuel.

Now some historians believe she survived the plane crash and died in Japanese captivity.

A photograph, discovered by the National Archives, appears to show a woman who looks like Earhart and a man who resembles her navigator Fred Noonan on a dock in the Marshall Islands, NBC reported.

Historians believe the picture, labeled “Jaluit Atoll,” was snapped by an American spy in 1937 — the year Earhart went missing.

The new clue will be featured in the two-hour History Channel special, “Amelia Earhart: The Lost Evidence,” on Sunday.

“When you pull out, and when you see the analysis that’s been done, I think it leaves no doubt to the viewers that that’s Amelia Earhart and Fred Noonan,” Shawn Henry, an NBC News analyst and former executive assistant director for the FBI, said of the picture.

Ken Gibson, who specializes in facial recognition, concluded the photo is undoctored and is “very likely” a picture of Earhart and Noonan.

The woman in the photo has short hair and is wearing pants — two characteristics Earhart was known for. But it is the man in the photo who has the closest similarity to the missing Noonan.

“The hairline is the most distinctive characteristic. It’s a very sharp receding hairline. The nose is very prominent,” Gibson said.

“It’s my feeling that this is very convincing evidence that this is probably Noonan,” he added.

The photo also reportedly shows the Japanese ship Koshu towing an object 38 feet long — the same length as Earhart’s plane.

“We believe that the Koshu took her to Saipan [in the Mariana Islands], and that she died there under the custody of the Japanese,” said Gary Tarpinian, the executive producer of the TV special.

Japanese authorities say they have no record of Earhart ever being in their custody, according to NBC.

The photograph is not the only recent clue leading scientists closer to solving the mystery.

Just last month, The International Group for Historic Aircraft Recovery sent bone-sniffing dogs to Nikumaroro, part of the Phoenix Islands in the central Pacific Ocean, to look for Earhart’s remains.                                    0236628-a269f10ab600d8900a8404cdc627fee9.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001560 00000000000 015111  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A FOUR-DAY email outage for Telstra customers has finally ended after Bigpond fixed its server problems.

Telstra spokesman Martin Barr said the problem with email login access and delays since Monday was now rectified.

"We have updated the service page and the issue is resolved," he said.

Mr Barr could not confirm how many customers had email delays or accounts quarantined.

"Those accounts have been progressively unlocked," he said.

"Up until today there was a very small amount left (two dozen)."

This week the Telstra website told customers: "Some customers may experience issues accessing their accounts.

"Technicians are treating this issue as a priority and are working on the problem. We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause you."

The email blackout affected Telstra dial-up, cable, ADSL, satellite and Next G wireless internet accounts Australia-wide.                                                                                                                                                0236680-145b82572f5764c02c64166dfc178c26.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007124 00000000000 014626  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        



– The family of a woman who was attacked and lost her baby in a bizarre and gruesome crime says she is in critical but stable condition at Longmont United Hospital.

Michelle Wilkins, 26, was critically wounded on Wednesday when police say she went to suspect Dynel Lane’s house in Longmont to buy baby clothes Lane has listed for sale on Craigslist.

In the basement of the house, Lane, 34, allegedly stabbed Wilkins and cut her baby out of her stomach and then stole it. Wilkins, who was approximately seven months pregnant, then made a desperate call to 911. Lane was gone before emergency responders arrived.

WEB EXTRA: Listen to Wilkins’ 911 Call To Dispatchers

According to court documents, Lane’s husband, David Ridley, came home early to take Lane to a pre-natal appointment. Lane had told her husband and others she was pregnant. When he arrived Lane told him she miscarried their child and it was in the bathtub.

Ridley told officers he found the child alive, wrapped it up and took it with Lane to the hospital. The child didn’t survive.

Lane was initially arrested on charges of attempted first degree murder, among other things, but the complete set of charges she eventually will face will likely depend on the autopsy being done on the child.

Wilkins’ family released the following statement to the Longmont Times Call about the case:

We want to thank the Longmont Public Safety Department and Boulder County Sheriff’s Office for their tireless work and efforts. They represent Colorado’s finest and we sincerely appreciate everything they have done.

We are grateful for the physicians and staff at Longmont United Hospital and the compassionate care they are providing. In addition, we are thankful for the outpouring of love and support from the local community and others who have expressed their condolences. We know you are grieving too, and we truly appreciate the support. In addition, we wish to extend a thank you to the media for your support over the past 24-hours.

Michelle is in critical but stable condition and resting comfortably.

We ask in this time of unimaginable sorrow, that the media and the public respect our need to grieve, recover and heal.

Lane made an initial appearance in Boulder County Court on Thursday afternoon and her bond was set at $2 million. She was held in isolation and her arm was wrapped with a bandage.

The arrest affidavit in the case states the suspect must have done some sort of research on cesarean sections, because the cutting was done with precision.

Family members say more than a decade ago while in a previous relationship Lane lost a young child in a drowning.

The autopsy on the child is being performed by the Boulder County Coroner, and Boulder County District Attorney Stan Garnett said Thursday the coroner’s completed report will determine whether murder charges in the case of the child will be pursued.

WEB EXTRA VIDEO: News Conference by Boulder County District Attorney Stan Garnett

Garnett said under Colorado law, murder charges can only be brought if it is established that the fetus lived outside of the mother’s womb for a certain amount of time.

He said his office will be investigating the following:

“What was the sequence of events that led to the death of the baby? The second is medically, was the baby alive when it was taken from the body of the mother, and for how long? And third, what was the cause of death for the baby,” Garnett said.

According to court documents, Ridley told police he heard and saw the baby “take a gasping breath.” Prosecutors say that may play a role in determining if murder charges will be filed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0236640-00413e0a871fb2d3158402a4e2cdb874.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016045 00000000000 014730  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        2016 was a downer of year for many. Each had their own reasons. For me, 2016 was a fine-line dance between some of my highest achievements, both professional and personal, and saddest moments. I found myself in the real world, not a car collector's fantasy land, forced to sell the majority of my own personal cars for very practical reasons. Also, an orange thing with Tourette’s in his tiny Tweeting thumbs got elected President, but I digress. My beloved 1988 Ford Mustang project car—a car on which the sweat of many a talented engineer has dripped and many a talented wrench has turned—seems to be presenting itself as my own degree in masochism. It's an attempt to turn a car known for speed in a straight line into a well-rounded sports car, and it shouldn’t be that hard—even though the Five-Point-Slow nickname was well earned. This car, even with an engine making 50% more power than stock, probably runs quarter miles in the 13’s. Horsepower can be bought easy, and I wouldn’t be the first person to make a Mustang handle; racing shops all over the country have been doing that for decades. But something about this car never let me win. Something kept coming back to fuck up my life, to fuck up my schedule, and to fuck up my bank account. Last week, I found out what that something was. And I probably should have known better. Your car is only as strong as its weakest part. The part you cheap out on; that’s the part that’s going to fail you. So far I’ve replaced lots of parts, both stock and aftermarket. One thing is certain: aftermarket parts fail at a rate significantly higher than any factory part. I’ve now installed brand new aftermarket exhausts, fuel tank, headers, gaskets, seals, and ignition coils, which have failed straight out of the box. My engine tuner (Steve at Powertrain Dynamics in Huntington Beach, you rock) says to always use the best available factory part before going with something aftermarket, but there are times I have no choice since my car is pretty far outside factory spec. But an out-of-the-box part failure costs me, at a minimum, one full day of my labor time, several hundred dollars, and more days or weeks not able to drive my car.

Matt Farah

I knew after the initial build was finished that I would have to spend some time working the kinks out of the car. Development driving after a build, the art of “Drive it, Break it, Fix it, Repeat,” is what separates a true driver project—what I wanted—from a show queen, or project car hell. But I didn’t know that I’d be Ubering to Huntington Beach, again, on January 2nd, 2017, to pick up the car from what would hopefully be the last of its issues with a steering system that has plagued me for, so far, the car’s entire post-modification existence. Unfortunately, one of the biggest problems with a full build is that, if you’ve changed all the parts at once, it's tough to figure out which part has failed you. In the steering system, the folks at Maximum Motorsports demanded I buy an original, non-rebuilt, “ZM” Code Steering Rack from a Mustang salvage center. This is the rack used in the 2003-4 “Terminator” Cobra, which offers the best valving and the best feel. It’s also a direct swap onto a Fox Body. Then we used Maximum Motorsports’ steering shaft, and a rebuilt, OEM steering column. This is the exact setup that Maximum uses in their American Iron race car, and I never gave a second thought to any of it. The stock steering wheel was a piece of shit; you could see it flexing literally inches in my hands when I took the stock car around Buttonwillow in the video it seems like I shot forever ago—so I wanted to do something about that during the “finishing” stage. Most of you are not going to relate to this, but this is how my life goes, so bear with me: when I do a project car, people want to give me stuff. Not money, only parts. That’s how it works when you’re on TV and into cars. If I buy a car in its first year of production (like, say, a Ford Focus RS), I can order up any single part I want for it, for free, from just about anyone. Most tuning companies don’t have the margins to do any kind of real advertising, but they are able to throw parts towards early adopters with followings; Mountune, for instance, has installed quite the host of parts on my Focus for free in exchange for driving impressions, data logs, and the eyeballs of all quarter-million of those folks who watched that video. I have had the luxury of choosing partners along the way, with the Focus RS, the Fiesta ST before it, and this Mustang. But occasionally, I cut a corner. I take the easy way—and it bites me in the ass every time. And, in the pursuit of having a cool looking steering wheel on sale for Free-99, I took a second rate part. It’s a steering wheel—three spokes worth of metal wrapped in leather, what could go wrong? It was on the second day I went to the canyons to make this video, I was driving home when I felt the inconsistency in the steering. A quick right-left-right section and the steering ratio, out of nowhere, felt different. Ten-seconds later it took more steering lock to make the exact same corner. My confidence in the car evaporated, and I took it back to BBI for investigation.

Matt Farah

I should have started the conversation with the disclaimer: “I am a moron. You can trust me when I say the steering is weird, but when I try to theorize why, you should not listen to me at all.” Instead, I said, “I think this scrapyard ‘ZM’ or whatever steering rack is fucked. The ratio is inconsistent from corner to corner, and I feel like I’m going to die.” BBI, assuming I wasn’t a moron, sent the rack out to be rebuilt, and also discovered the rear wheel bearings had gone bad, replacing them as well. I drove the car home, then to the canyons, and the issue remained. The rack was fine. Back to Huntington. BBI’s techs removed the column and shaft entirely, and sent the column out to be rebuilt as well. It came back ten days later, BBI reinstalled the parts, aligned it, and I took the car to the canyons and had a simply epic day of driving. It was perfect. It was nailed. Dialed in. I went home, delighted, parked the car, put it on the battery tender, and went on vacation to Africa for two weeks. When I got home, I went for a drive. The very instance I reversed 90 degrees out of my garage and up the road, something was wrong. The steering wheel alignment was now almost 45 degrees off to the right. The car would track straight, but the steering wheel was off. It was perfectly fine when I had parked it, and now it’s off. How is this even happening? Afraid the car’s steering would completely fail if I drove it, I used one of my yearly AAA Flatbed Tows to get the car back down to BBI, who tore into the column again, and found nothing at all wrong with it. Instead, while pushing the car around the shop with the ignition turned off, they found something else. With a hard shove (such as one might experience in tight, canyon hairpins), the steering wheel would spin on the column, even if the steering was completely locked with the engine off.

Matt Farah                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0236700-da1ac2de075be6ea88cc7a199f1dfde8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001667 00000000000 015565  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Finding: BUSTED

Explanation:Any person who's ever gone to summer camp or watched enough summer camp movies has heard of the classic prank of dunking a sleeping person's hand in water to make them urinate. Supposedly, the unconscious sensation of water will stimulate a sleeper's bladder and burst open the embarrassing floodgates.

Plenty of anecdotal stories claim the myth holds true, but MythBusters Jamie Hyneman and Adam Savage decided to take it for a swim themselves.

The key to pulling off the prank is ensuring that the person in bed is actually asleep. For that, Jamie, Adam and crew member Matt each took turns getting hooked up to sleep monitoring equipment and catching some Z's. Jamie couldn't settle down enough to fall asleep, but Adam and Matt snoozed like champs.

Unfortunately, the hand-in-water trick didn't perform so well, resulting in zero wet beds. Pranksters might protest, but the MythBusters pee test was a big, fat bust.                                                                         0236684-4ab22266e1fe37089a8a2d79e4dfde90.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007565 00000000000 015226  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In response to the ballots troubles Tuesday, a judge allowed certain polling locations to remain open an extra two hours, from their normal closing time of 7 p.m. to 9 p.m., to accommodate those who couldn’t vote earlier. This notice didn’t go out until 7:30 p.m. , however, after some poll workers had already packed up and closed down.

Voters were told to come back later when arriving at precincts without ballots. This understandably flustered many for whom that wasn’t an option, due to work or other obligations. Voter Tom Jennings told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch that his polling place “had ballots for the first five people that came in,” but “that was it after that.”

The first rule of election day is to make sure voters can actually vote in the election. So, enough ballots need to be available for everyone who wants to vote. St. Louis county broke that cardinal rule during its municipal elections Tuesday. While the rest of the nation’s attention was focused on Wisconsin’s presidential primary, St. Louis county residents were unable to vote in 24 precincts because their polling places ran out of ballots—some as early as 8 a.m. St. Louis Public Radio reported that upwards of 35 locations in all had ballot shortages.

Missouri Secretary of State Jason Kander sent out a heated tweet about the ballot fumbling, calling for an investigation:

My office is launching an immediate review into St. Louis County elections. The fact that they ran out of ballots today is unacceptable. — Jason Kander (@JasonKander) April 5, 2016

Missouri Governor Jay Nixon said in a public statement:

What is occurring in St. Louis County is inexcusable. The St. Louis County Board of Elections, and particularly its two directors, must rectify these mistakes, explain how they occurred, and be held accountable for this unacceptable failure.

Part of the problem here is that St. Louis County used paper ballots for Tuesday’s elections. Apparently, the electronic ballot machines were out of commission because they had just been used for the state’s presidential primary less than a month ago. But this wasn’t the first ballot shortage in St. Louis county. The same thing happened during the 2014 midterm elections, when 95 polling places ran out of ballots.

Here’s how Election Academy’s Doug Chapin explains Tuesday’s mishap:

There are several factors at work here: first, the fact that the two elections were so close together undoubtedly resulted in divided attention, complicated by the fact that the two elections were being run with different technology. Second, the use of paper ballots left the County little room for error because they, arguably, require the greatest amount of pre-planning due to the need to ensure that there are enough ballots of the right kind in each polling place. Finally, there was error—someone(s) made significant mistakes in printing, allocation and/or delivery.

St. Louis’ ballot blues amount to more evidence that there are too many jurisdictions across the country with outdated elections infrastructure, and that voting at every level, especially the local level, desperately needs to be modernized. There is new technology out there that could make casting ballots more convenient, so the kinds of problems experienced in St. Louis were preventable.

Missouri’s legislature, meanwhile, is focused on making the voter experience even more arduous by pursuing a law requiring people to present photo ID to vote. A voter ID bill passed through the state’s House and is currently sitting in the state Senate, where Democrats are holding it up due to potential discriminatory effects on voters of color and the poor.

Missouri’s local elections officials seem already pretty tied up just dealing with basic ballot distribution. Now seems like a bad time to bring in new voter ID rules, which are likely to further frustrate poll officials—and more importantly, voters.                                                                                                                                           0236531-8d12bf370d7aba08a98dee52094540c1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012532 00000000000 015102  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        For weeks after a joyriding Miami Beach cop crashed his ATV following a night of on-duty drinking on Ocean Drive, some in the department have argued that a couple rogue cops were to blame. That argument won't hold water today with the release of an internal investigation.

At least three more officers face punishment due to disappearing from duty, lying about their hours, falsifying time cards and generally being worthless at their jobs during the July 3 incident.



The cops cited in the new report are:

Continue Reading

Lt. Jerome Berrian, demoted to sergeant and ordered to repay $2,600 in false compensation

Sgt. Michael Muley, 80 hour suspension and demotion

Sgt. Alberto Estraviz, demoted from lieutenant, suspended 80 hours

Two other supervisors have already been handed punishments over the crash: Capt. Charles London was demoted to lieutenant and Maj. Brian Silman earned a 40 hour suspension. (The two cops directly involved in the crash, Derick Kuilan and Rolando Gutierrez, were both fired; Kuilan also faces felony criminal charges.)

All the cops can appeal the punishments at a hearing on October 17.

According to the report, the supervisors failed to properly oversee Kuilan and Gutierrez, who were photographed drinking with a bachelorette party at the Clevelander shortly before Kuilan crashed his ATV at high speeds into a couple sitting on the beach.

Berrian has long been one of the highest compensated officers on the force thanks to heaps of overtime work. In the five years before 2010, he made $824,538, we found. In February 2006, he was also found asleep at the wheel of his cruiser while he was supposed to be directing boat show traffic.

Here's city manager Jorge Gonzalez's statement on the punishments:

Following the July 3, 2011 incident, I requested an Internal Affairs investigation relating to the role of several Police supervisors assigned to the Patrol Division.Today, as a result of the investigation, the City issued notices of intent to discipline three supervisors. These notices were issued in accordance with the City's and the Police Department's established personnel policies and procedures. This process also provides for a hearing. Final discipline for the supervisors will not be determined until the supervisors attend their respective hearings next week. In addition, earlier this week two members of the command staff were disciplined. This resulted in the demotion of a Police Captain and the suspension of a Major. As I committed at the onset of this investigation, the roles and performance of all staff members in the chain of command have been reviewed and appropriate and swift action is being taken. I feel these actions are necessary and warranted to ensure the upmost [sic] accountability of all City staff, especially those charged with the health and safety of our residents.

Riptide has requested the full file to determine the exact role of each officer in the lead-up to the crash, and we'll update this post when we receive the info later today.

Update: We've received summaries of the investigations against all three officers. Here are the highlights:

The night of the crash, Berrian was in charge of supervising both Kuilan and Gutierrez. Yet he showed up at least two hours late for his 10:30 p.m. start time. He told investigators he was "at a party," and later spent "a prolonged period of time in the restroom."

He didn't log onto his work computer until around 1:45 in the morning. In the meantime, Guiterrez went to work with Kulian when he was supposed to be on patrol farther north on the Beach. When Kuilan's direct supervisor went home early due to an illness, Berrian left two full districts unsupervised for almost two hours.

Just to top it off, Berrian falsified his time sheets to show that he'd actually arrived on time at 10:30 p.m., investigators found, and claimed 7.5 overtime hours while dealing with the aftermath of the ATV crash.

"Your gross negligence presented officer-safety concerns and a potential risk of harm to citizens and visitors," investigators write in Berrian's report.

Muley, meanwhile, was supposed to be Kuilan's direct supervisor the night of the crash. He's cited for failing to notice that Gutierrez was working with Kuilan instead of the district where he was assigned and for failing to ask why the pair spent over an hour and a half on a "routine" 9-1-1 call while they were in fact partying.

Muley also lied on his time sheets after showing up a half hour late for his shift, investigators say.

Estraviz is similarly cited for failing to sniff out Gutierrez's working in the wrong district and the long 9-1-1 response by the pair. Investigators also found he'd inflated his own time sheets by almost three and a half hours between March and June.

Here are the three full reports:

Berrian Report

Muley Report

Estraviz Report





Update 2: Investigators have recommended discipline for another supervisor working the night of the ATV crash: Sgt. Manuel Moraga.





Moraga was in charge of former Officer Rolando Gutierrez the night of the crash and repeatedly failed to notice that he'd spent the night in South Beach with Kuilan instead of his assigned district further north.





Moraga has been relieved of duty without pay pending his hearing later this month, says city spokeswoman Nannette Rodriguez. Moraga's case is the last pending in connection with the ATV crash, she says.





Here's his case file:







                                                                                                                                                                      0236695-97cc2458b03374eff4d7571c980ea2f3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005175 00000000000 015067  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        BEREA, Ohio – Garrett Hartley did not point to the sky Sunday after converting his first two field goals with the Browns. There were no outward displays of emotion as the footballs sailed between the uprights.

The new Browns placekicker simply gazed to the heavens in tribute to the baby girl he'll never know.

"I had a guardian angel looking over me," he said.

Less than 48 hours after delivering a eulogy for Hinsley Rose Hartley in New Orleans, he rejoined the Browns and made a pair of field goals and an extra point in a 17-13 loss to Carolina in Charlotte. Hartley did not want to divulge any details other than to say his girlfriend, Olivia Ruby, was seven months pregnant when unexpected complications suddenly arose Nov. 26.

He nearly lost two great loves that day, Hartley said, as doctors gave Olivia a 10 percent chance to survive. She spent six days in intensive care and three additional days in a New Orleans hospital.

Nothing is like game day knowing our guardian angel HRH is watching over us @oliviakelsey #DawgPound #blessed pic.twitter.com/izf3zRhIFR — Garrett Hartley (@GHartley5) December 21, 2014

"She's still recovering, getting a little better every day," Hartley said Friday.

Hartley, who helped the Saints reach and win Super Bowl XLIV, expressed his gratitude to his new teammates and the Browns' organization for supporting him through one of the most trying weeks of his life. The Browns were aware of the family's loss when signing him Dec. 13.

The club allowed him to return to New Orleans last Thursday. He reunited with them Sunday before the game.

Hartley, 28, said the theme of his eulogy was the joy their daughter brought them over the past seven months.

"A rose by any other name would smell as sweet but Hinsley Rose is the sweetest," he wrote on a social media account. "The service was without question one from a best selling novel, from the flowers to the intricate wood work on her casket. With our family and friends by our side, we managed to get through the trailing day. We were so blessed to have her for the short seven months that we did."

He described the little kicks in Olivia's belly that became big ones and the "priceless" pictures and videos from the ultrasounds.

"It is unknown at times what God has planned for us as individuals, as a couple, and as a family," he wrote. "I can't fathom for one second that down the road that we will know why He decided to bring her home oh so early."

Standing in the locker room, Hartley spoke of the importance of his faith and how the tragedy has brought the couple closer together.

"Our daughter came into this world without sin and now she's in God's hands," he said.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0236698-0ddaeabcc47b68a39323b324443bf0cc.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002331 00000000000 015316  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Minecraft is a game about building things that runs on your computer. One man is building a working computer inside the game that runs on his computer. At this point it's okay if your head explodes.

YouTube user TheInternetFTW is well on his way to creating a gigantic working 16-bit computer inside the confines of the popular sandbox game Minecraft. In this video he demonstrates a city-sized, fully-functional arithmetic logic unit, or ALU. The ALU is one of the fundamental building blocks of a central processing unit (CPU), responsible for performing arithmetic and logical operations.

Now that the ALU is complete, the creator plans to continue building the rest of the computer, starting with the memory. Once it's done he hopes to make the computer will run code based on the "Hack" machine described in the book The Elements of Computing Systems: Building a Modern Computer from First Principles.

Just in case you aren't clear here, the man is building a working computer inside a computer game using a textbook as his guide.

Advertisement

Maybe he can eventually get that computer powerful enough to run Minecraft. Then the universe will blink out of existence.

Thanks to Blake and Marius for pointing us towards this video.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236519-dce14702fb15cd188f5894c1ebf2f409.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011760 00000000000 015207  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Patients who go to Brigham and Women’s Hospital for routine care will soon be asked to provide a blood sample for genetic testing, with the results used to build a massive database to help untangle how genes affect human health.

The researchers ultimately hope to compile genetic information from 100,000 patients — some ill, some healthy. By linking the data to medical records and following patients over time, the scientists hope to illuminate the interplay of genes, lifestyle, and the environment in causing disease.

Participation will be voluntary, and patients will not have access to results. The information will be used entirely for research.

The new effort at the Brigham is part of a much broader international trend, in which researchers are asking volunteers to become part of such large databases.

Also in Boston, Children’s Hospital’s Gene Partnership Project has signed up close to 500 participants since last fall, and eventually it hopes to enlist 10,000 to 20,000 patients a year.

Further afield, health care provider Kaiser Permanente is building a large database of participating members, the UK Biobank has recruited more than a half-million people, and at Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, researchers are more than halfway toward their goal of building a genetic database of 100,000 children.

“Researchers, clinicians, and patients are aware of the critical role that genes, as well as environment, as well as lifestyle, play in terms of human health and human disease,’’ said Dr. Christine Seidman, a cardiologist who is a leader of the new OurGenes, OurHealth, OurCommunity program at the Brigham.

“The opportunity to understand those has been limited to selected investigations of a particular disease — cancer, diabetes, or the like — yet we know that individuals, patients in the hospital, don’t have just one thing . . . and we’d also like to understand the crosstalk between those different conditions,’’ such as how diabetes affects kidney disease and heart disease, she said.

What sets such efforts apart from previous genetic studies is not only their size, but also the way in which they are designed to integrate genetic information with the medical record, family history, and a detailed health questionnaire. In addition, the patients’ health will be tracked over many years.

“Many of us feel that within 10 years, it’ll be routine to sequence a human genome — at less than the current cost of the colonoscopy,’’ said David Hunter, a professor of cancer prevention at the Harvard School of Public Health, who is not involved in either of the Boston studies. “The problem is converting all those sequences into actionable clinical information will require very, very large studies. These are the first generation of such studies.’’

In the decade since the first human genome was decoded, important progress has been made in understanding the genome, and technology has been developed at breathtaking speeds. But even as studies have made progress in finding genetic variations that contribute to disease, they haven’t yet yielded much information useful for guiding treatment.

The Brigham study will start later this month with a pilot phase that will recruit 600 patients through six clinics. Patients will receive a letter at home about two weeks before an appointment, alerting them to the possibility of participating. Their data will not be given to health insurers, nor will it be put in patients’ medical records. Patients will not be charged for the testing, with the $250,000 cost covered by internal hospital funds. Researchers will need to raise further funds to pay for the full project.

The genetic information collected will not affect patients’ medical care unless researchers find something with profound and immediate medical implications. An example, Seidman said, of such a condition is a mutation known to cause sudden cardiac death.

“The way I would look at it is sort of like the Census — you want your information to be recognized and be part of any solution that’s found to any health issue. And if your genetic material is not there, it can’t be counted,’’ said Dr. Elinor Mody, medical director of the Fish Center for Women’s Health, one of the Brigham pilot sites.

The Children’s Hospital Boston project, on the other hand, is taking the unusual step of informing families about what researchers find in their genes.

Ultimately, the study offers benefits to both doctors and patients. Patients’ data will contribute to new genetic research, and patients themselves will potentially benefit from findings about risk or potential therapies that are relevant to their genetic makeup, said one of the leaders of the Children’s initiative.

“Every single patient we encounter should be an opportunity to learn, and these are the first important steps,’’ said Dr. Isaac Kohane, one of the principal investigators of the Gene Partnership Project.

Carolyn Y. Johnson can be reached at cjohnson@globe.com.

© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company.                0236710-1dabd681bb7c1f9028677fa166e55373.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004046 00000000000 015040  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        José Agustín Mauri (born 16 May 1996) is an Argentine-born Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Milan.

Club career [ edit ]

Parma [ edit ]

Mauri made his debut for Parma as a substitute on 3 December 2013 in the fourth round of the Coppa Italia, replacing Gianni Munari for the last 27 minutes of a 4–1 home win against A.S. Varese 1910 at the Stadio Ennio Tardini.[1]

On 11 April 2015, he scored the only goal in a 1–0 win against Juventus, with his team in last position and the opponents leading the league.[2] He described it as "the happiest day of my life".[3]

Milan [ edit ]

At the start of the 2015–16 season, Mauri joined Milan on a four-year deal on a free transfer.[4] However, Milan also paid €4 million to unknown parties.[5] Mauri made his first full debut on 1 December, playing 99 minutes of a Coppa Italia game against Crotone, with Milan winning 3–1 after extra time. He made his Serie A debut for Milan against Chievo Verona on 13 March 2016, playing the last five minutes of the 0–0 away draw.

Empoli [ edit ]

On 30 August 2016, he was loaned out to Serie A club Empoli for the season.[6]

International career [ edit ]

As one of his grandmothers was Italian, Mauri is eligible for both Argentina and Italy. Despite playing for Italy's youth international squads, Mauri declined a call-up to the Italian U20 squad, declaring his desire to represent solely Argentina in international competition.

Personal life [ edit ]

His older brother Juan Mauri is also a football player and signed with Milan at the same time as José did.

Career statistics [ edit ]

Club [ edit ]

As of match played 21 January 2019[7]

Club Season League Cup Europe Other Total Apps Goals Apps Goals Apps Goals Apps Goals Apps Goals Parma 2013–14 2 1 1 0 — — 3 1 2014–15 33 2 0 0 — — 33 2 Total 35 3 1 0 — — 36 3 Milan 2015–16 5 0 5 0 — — 10 0 2017–18 1 0 0 0 3 0 — 4 0 2018–19 4 0 0 0 2 0 — 6 0 Total 10 0 5 0 5 0 — 20 0 Empoli (loan) 2016–17 14 0 1 0 — — 15 0 Career Total 58 3 7 0 5 0 — 70 3

References [ edit ]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0236672-158f7370f4b749ccb5ef6b6a9faaf972.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000024356 00000000000 015313  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation’s journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.

Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue

Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!

Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.

Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation’s journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.

Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue

Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.

Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?

The recent reports of moms getting arrested for leaving their kids unattended while they work or go to a job interview shows the reality of “work-life balance” when you’re living paycheck to paycheck. The burden for many low-wage hourly workers isn’t seeking balance, it’s walking a tightrope. Millions of workers have nonstandard schedules, irregular shifts or on-call jobs without set hours, so they scramble from shift to shift, from daycare to night classes, or anxiously call in each day in hopes of getting a few hours of work. Having no control over your work schedule means your boss controls not only how much you’re paid but how much time you spend with your kids. Ad Policy

Labor advocates are calling for workplace policies that give workers more stable schedules and more control over their hours. Now Washington may step in with legislation to check the volatility of the daily grind.

The “Schedules that Work” bill (introduced by Representatives George Miller and Rosa DeLauro and Senators Tom Harkin and Elizabeth Warren) is the proletarian answer to the workplace “flex” policies that are common in corporate offices. After all, poor parents need flexibility more than anyone, as they cope with the chaos of economic hardship and work unstable jobs with few benefits..

The bill provides workers a so-called “right to request,” or the ability to engage in a dialogue with their boss about a schedule change ahead of time, without fear of retaliation. In some cases, the employer would be mandated to accommodate a family or medical issue. Shift and on-call workers in some low-wage industries would also gain protections against arbitrary schedule changes.

Middle-class professionals may regularly negotiate work time through flexible work arrangements, generous paid leave time and telecommuting options. But in industries like retail chains or fast food, where “just in time” production systems require round-the-clock processing and sales, part-time and shift workers struggle between not getting enough hours to earn a living wage, and having to work whatever shift their manager dumps on them at any hour. Survey data shows that about half of hourly wage workers lack control over their work schedules.

Unless they can persuade their boss to accommodate their needs, a volatile schedule can destabilize their family lives. Parents struggle to find last-minute babysitting arrangements to take a shift, or they may be unable to enroll in a regular daycare that requires up-front monthly payments, since their income varies week to week.

A punishing work schedule derailed Tiffany Beroid’s whole career path. She was trying to hold down a full-time position as a customer service manager at a Walmart in Maryland, while studying to be a nurse. But when she asked for a schedule change to allow her to juggle her school and work duties, she tells The Nation, the management was less than family friendly: “[Walmart] retaliated by cutting my hours. So even though I was full-time in the system, I was receiving nineteen or twenty-five hours some weeks, maybe forty hours if I was lucky, once a month.”

Her situation was further complicated by her pregnancy, which caused blood pressure problems that prompted her to request light duty at work—on her doctor’s advice. Then, she says, the management abruptly forced her to take unpaid leave, and the strain on her family eventually forced her to drop out of school.

Under the Schedules that Work Act, workers like Beroid would be entitled to a schedule change if their request related to health, family caregiving duties, another job they are working or an educational or training program. The employer could refuse for “bona fide business reasons,” according to an analysis by think tank Center for Law and Social Policy (CLASP), but they would in any case have to consult with the employee “in a timely, interactive process.”

Workers in certain industries where shift work is prevalent—restaurants, retail and building cleaning—would be entitled to least two weeks advance notice of their schedule. Employers would pay an hour’s wages for each shift change without twenty-four hours’ notice. If a worker shows up for a shift and is sent home early—say, because business is slow—she can get compensated for at least four hours of wages. On-call workers, who are required to check in to confirm their schedules, also get an hour’s pay if they call-in but get no work.

But as with many labor protections geared toward low-wage workers, enforcement is a sticking point. Labor advocates say workers may face retaliation for merely requesting a schedule change.

After Beroid dropped out of school, for example, Walmart dropped her. She had become involved with OUR Walmart, a national union-backed organization that advocates for a fairer and more family-focused scheduling policies. Following months of campaigning, the company reformed its workplace policies in March to provide greater accommodations, including light duty, to women with pregnancy complications. But Beroid barely had a chance to savor the victory before she suddenly lost her job—she suspects, because of her activism. (Beroid says she has filed a complaint of unlawful dismissal with the National Labor Relations Board. Walmart, which has denied previous charges of retaliation against activist employees, states via e-mail that she “was dismissed from the company because she didn’t always show up for work when she was scheduled”).

Beyond Walmart, Beroid says, the federal legislation would give workers a mechanism so employers can be held to account. “Even though Walmart has made these changes for the public’s eyes, if they’re not enforcing them, I know if the bill was actually to take effect, then they would have to follow these rules and enforce these policies.”

CLASP policy analyst Liz Ben-Ishai says via e-mail that since enforcement is generally driven by individual workers’ complaints, taking legal action against a boss would be hard for “low-wage workers without support or resources, who fear retaliation.” But the Labor Department could “proactively enforce” fair-scheduling policies, by undertaking “targeted investigations of companies that are, for example, known to violate other laws and therefore more likely to be in violation of this one.”

The legislation parallels “right to request” policies that have already passed in San Francisco and Vermont. San Francisco workers. And several states, including New York and California, have “reporting time” laws that guarantee a certain minimum pay for shift workers if their hours are suddenly cut. Some companies have individually instituted flexible scheduling practices, as studies have shown this can improve workplace productivity and limit turnover.

Research by Susan Lambert of the University of Chicago’s School of Social Service Administration shows that among early-career workers, aged 26 to 32, overall nearly 40 percent “know their work schedule one week or less in advance.” Workers of color are more likely to work on such short notice. About three in four hourly workers reported experiencing unstable schedules in the past month, and “[p]art-time employees, skilled tradesmen, and workers in low-status occupations are particularly likely to know their schedule at most a week in advance.” And lost time is lost income: hourly workers with unstable schedules reported that “their hours vary by what amounts to about 50 percent on average of their usual work hours.”

There are many other legislative solutions that advocates are pushing to make wage work more family friendly and sustainable for poor households. Paid sick days policies, which have been introduced or enacted in several states and cities, allow workers to attend to medical needs without losing wages. Stronger social support programs, such as public childcare and pre-kindergarten, along with a higher minimum wage, would also provide more financial bandwidth to cope with precarious jobs.

But regardless of how much they make per hour, scheduling stability is key to economic stability, especially for the growing number workers who work insecure jobs, lack basic benefits like healthcare or do not have a union to represent them.

Beroid still campaigns with OUR Walmart to make sure it upholds its new policies. “There’s a lot of associates in the store who are afraid to speak out,” she says, despite the reforms. “So there’s a lot of women, whether they’re single or married, that are trying to provide for their children, trying to work with the way Walmart gives them schedules, of going to work late at night, being back to work early in the morning, not able to provide childcare.”

As her daughter nears her second birthday, Beroid plans to go back to school. And she’d like to return to Walmart, too, once her boss is ready to offer a real work-life balance—one that lets her set her own priorities.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236585-613c05f81a340ad51798e59d8b8c0443.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001770 00000000000 014707  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Online trolls have targeted the personal Twitter account of the Lord Mayor of Leeds, Councillor Jane Dowson, and put out a fake post abusing a number of communities with her image cut and pasted on it.

Councillor Jane Dowson said:

“This is a disgusting attempt to stir up hatred between our incredible communities in Leeds and I would not usually give such appalling trolls the time of day. Dealing with online abuse has sadly become part of everyday life when you’re in the public eye.

“Anyone who knows me knows how much I abhor discrimination or abuse of any form of any community. This is a pathetic attempt from the other side of the world to cut and paste my image on a tirade of vile abuse.

“However, this has escalated into direct threats to me which the police are investigating and for that reason I’m publicly dissociating myself from these despicable sentiments. I will be continuing this weekend with all my planned engagements meeting the wonderful communities of our great city.”

ENDS        0236686-2e5d9a2db1e8c3e7d9fded83570ebf14.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011215 00000000000 015434  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        PM’s spokesman tries to allay Sunni fears as forces push to retake Tikrit from Isis, saying no evidence of such crimes in current operation

The Iraqi government has said it is investigating allegations of past abuses by its security forces against Sunni civilians, but insisted that there was no evidence of such crimes in ongoing operations to recapture the city of Tikrit from Islamic State (Isis).



The response came as a prominent Sunni preacher urged authorities to prevent Shia militias from carrying out revenge attacks and an Isis spokesman delivered a defiant address that downplayed recent defeats.

A spokesman for the Iraqi prime minister, Haider al-Abadi, said on Friday that the Iraqi army and the Hashd al-Shaabi, the term given to the panoply of militias at the forefront of the campaign against Isis, had received “very clear orders” to “respect the human rights of those communities in those areas.”



“So far as this ongoing operation is concerned, he has not received any complaints about that,” Rafid Jaboori said.



The statement came two days after the US news network ABC broadcast a cache of photographs and videos that allegedly show Iraqi special forces and militia troops beating and killing civilians in areas that had been retaken from Isis as well as posing with a severed head. Isis swept through swathes of the country last summer in a lightning advance in which it conquered Mosul and Tikrit in northern Iraq.



Jaboori said he was aware of the ABC report and said the Iraqi authorities were investigating the incidents shown in the documents, but added that they were unconnected to the Tikrit campaign.



“As recently as two days ago the prime minister renewed his orders and assurances to the local communities in those areas that the first priority is the people and the local communities of those areas,” he said. “The target of this operation is to liberate them from Daesh [Isis].”

Jaboori said local Sunnis had joined the volunteers and were fighting alongside the security forces, and “will be playing a major role in finishing off Daesh in the majority Sunni areas.”



He said the Iraqi government was already investigating previous allegations of abuse, in particular alleged atrocities against Sunni civilians in Diyala province that were identified by human rights groups, and “all of the major incidents or controversies about incidents that happened there”.



He said the government was also still investigating the Camp Speicher massacre in June 2104, when up to 1,700 Shia army cadets were massacred by Isis, and which some claim was carried out in collaboration with local Sunnis. Militias taking part in the Tikrit campaign have described it as retribution for the Camp Speicher massacre.



On Friday a prominent Iraqi Sunni preacher urged authorities to prevent Shia militias from carrying out revenge attacks. Sheikh Abdel Sattar Abdul Jabbar said that if the government failed to stop revenge attacks by Shia militias, the country would face reignited sectarian tensions such as the ones it witnessed at the height of the war in 2006 and 2007.

“We ask that actions follow words to punish those who are attacking houses in Tikrit,” Abdul Jabbar said during his Friday sermon in Baghdad. “We are sorry about those acting in revenge that might ignite tribal anger and add to our sectarian problems.

Analysts say the campaign to liberate Sunni areas must be led by members of the community, fearing retributions and revenge attacks that could upend the campaign to drive out Isis.



Joboori said there would be a zero tolerance policy towards any violations, especially against any civilians in those areas.



“We are concerned about the safety of our people no matter their religious background,” he added.



The statements came as Isis appeared to be on the verge of its first major defeat in Iraq since last summer’s campaign, with Tikrit all but recaptured by the militias and their Sunni and army allies. The pro-government forces are advancing carefully towards the city centre, avoiding tens of thousands of booby traps and IEDs that were laid down by Isis, officials say.



Isis spokesman Abu Mohammed al-Adnani downplayed the group’s retreat in a defiant 27-minute recording released on Thursday night.

“We are certain that God Almighty is with us,” Adnani said in the recording. “No, O enemies of God, the caliphate will remain until the day of judgment.” He issued a call for global jihad, calling on all Sunnis to join in the fight.





Iran is backing the campaign to retake Tikrit, and has dispatched Qassem Suleimani, the leader of the Quds Force of the Revolutionary Guards to oversee the effort.













                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0236681-c3bf529cf3c82e7f521c6712072a5116.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003476 00000000000 014761  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Sen. Tom Coburn Thomas (Tom) Allen CoburnThe Hill's Morning Report — Presented by PhRMA — Worries grow about political violence as midterms approach President Trump’s war on federal waste American patients face too many hurdles in regard to health-care access MORE (R-Okla.) said Sunday that he cannot support GOP presidential frontrunner Newt Gingrich because the former House speaker lacks leadership skills.

“I am not inclined to be a supporter of Newt Gingrich’s having served under him for four years and experienced his leadership. Because I found it lacking often times,” Coburn said on Fox News Sunday. The Oklahoma senator served in the House of Representatives from 1995 to 2001.

ADVERTISEMENT

“There’s all kind of leaders, leaders that instill confidence and leaders that are somewhat abrupt, leaders that have one standard for the people that they are leading and a different standard for themselves,” he said. “I will have difficulty supporting him for president of the United States.”

Coburn in March said that he was looking for a president that would unite the country and raised questions about Gingrich’s confrontational style.

With less than a month before the Jan. 3 Iowa caucuses, Gingrich is drawing 25 percent support from likely Republican caucus-goers, a new Des Moines Register poll found. That is an 18 percentage point jump since the October issue of the same poll.

Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney has only 16 percent support.

Coburn, a solid conservative, also has a reputation as a maverick. He supported the budget recommendations of President Obama's fiscal commision, which recommended new tax revenue, and he has sparred with anti-tax activist Grover Norquist this year. Coburn is known to have a warm personal relationship with President Obama.

This story was updated at 10:01 a.m.                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236707-cfde92345ec3c362bb790c936b0cac70.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005442 00000000000 015253  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. (Reuters) - Transgender people still face discrimination and threats to their safety in North Carolina despite lawmakers replacing a measure that restricted their access to many public bathrooms, advocacy groups said in a new federal court action on Friday.

A sign protesting a recent North Carolina law restricting transgender bathroom access adorns the bathroom stalls at the 21C Museum Hotel in Durham, North Carolina May 3, 2016. REUTERS/Jonathan Drake/File Photo

The law thrust the state into the center of a national debate over equality, privacy and religious freedom last year by requiring transgender people to use restrooms in state-run buildings that matched the sex on their birth certificate rather than their gender identity.

A new measure, passed in March, helped bring back some business and sports events pulled from the state in protest in the year after it enacted the so-called bathroom bill.

But the replacement law lacks clarity, with top state leaders in disagreement about what it means for transgender bathroom access, the American Civil Liberties Union and Lambda Legal argue in their amended lawsuit.

That leaves transgender people uncertain - even fearful - about which restrooms they can safely use, they said.

“When legislation fails to protect us, when it leaves us in limbo, it sends a message that our lives are expendable,” plaintiff Joaquín Carcaño, a transgender man who works at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, told reporters.

The amended complaint expands the lawsuit filed last year to challenge HB 2, which the state’s Republican leaders said was needed for public safety.

The new law, HB 142, rescinded HB 2 but left many of its harmful effects in place, opponents say.

The current law bars state agencies, schools and local governments from regulating government-run restrooms, showers and changing facilities, leaving responsibility for those policies with state lawmakers.

It also bans cities in the state from passing their own anti-discrimination protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people until 2020.

Governor Roy Cooper, a Democrat who signed the new law, is now named as a defendant in the lawsuit, replacing former Republican Governor Pat McCrory, whose defeat in the 2016 election is partly blamed on his support for the old law.

Cooper has called the replacement law imperfect but necessary to help repair North Carolina’s damaged reputation.

“The governor’s ultimate goal is statewide LGBT protections, and he is going to continue working toward that,” Cooper spokesman Ford Porter said in a statement on Friday.

A battle over bathrooms also flared on Friday in Texas, where lawmakers heard impassioned public testimony about proposals to limit public restroom access to transgender people in that state.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0236564-af9ec45b706ee502a66d263d1930d96c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005515 00000000000 015126  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        CLOSE WARNING: Graphic content. Macklemore leads a profane chant at a sold-out Marquee Theatre in Tempe, Saturday, October 14, 2017.

Macklemore performs with Ryan Lewis during the March Madness Music Festival at Margaret T. Hance Park in Phoenix on Sunday, April 2, 2017. (Photo: Ben Moffat/The Republic)

Less than a week after Eminem lashed out at Donald Trump with righteous indignation in a fiery cypher that aired on the BET Hip Hop Awards, another rapper is in the news for going after Trump, this time in Tempe.

Playing to a sold-out Marquee Theatre on Saturday, Oct. 14, Macklemore led an enthusiastic crowd in shouting along to the chorus of “FDT (F--- Donald Trump Part 2),” a YG track recorded while Trump was still running for office that Macklemore and G-Eazy remixed.

In a video of Macklemore’s Tempe performance on YouTube, which shows him performing in front a sign bearing the same words as the song title, he raps:

“Your politics are like a Starburst (why?)

Nobody (expletive) with the orange one

Bannin' all Muslims? Aiight, boo

What if we ban all the white dudes?

Because a couple have run up in trenchcoats and rifles

And killed in the name of Jesus Christ at the high school

How 'bout we stop sellin' automatic guns?

You got rich cause your daddy gave you automatic funds

Add it up, you an automatic punk, what it is?

I'm just tryna make America great again!”

According to a concertgoer quoted in a Fox News story about the incident, almost the entire crowd that packed the venue, which holds more 2,000 people, “was holding up their [middle] fingers with Macklemore unanimously.”

Some responded on social media, as one might expect, by attacking the rapper, one person writing him off as a one-hit wonder (In fact, he has four multi-platinum singles, two of which — "Thrift Shop" and "Can't Hold Us" — topped the Hot 100.)

One hit wonder. If he didn't start the Trump complaining and moaning it'd be a very short concert. pic.twitter.com/dRHEFtRpJ2 — T H (@hajicekthomas) October 16, 2017

Another white rapper barely hanging on to a career and trying to stay relevant. https://t.co/5eBfxprC54 — Nobel Patriot 🇺🇸 (@nobelpatriot) October 16, 2017

AmericanHotLips appeared to be suggesting fellow patriots join her in boycotting Macklemore, whose "Same Love" is the first Top 40 single in the history of Billboard's Hot 100 to promote and celebrate same-sex marriage.

Welp you know what to do Patriots. Another one bites the dust. #TrumpArmy#TrumpTrain. When will the learn? https://t.co/WmtEXJTwsz — Mary💋🇺🇸 (@AmericanHotLips) October 16, 2017

Others celebrated Macklemore's performance.

Macklemore takes anti-Trump message on tourhttps://t.co/EHYR7biRC4 Thk u Mack someone’s gotta🙇Much success sir @ltsMacklemore 👍 — jay vee (@oso1mex) October 16, 2017

Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2x0FPY8                                                                                                                                                                                   0236728-f841c3f0d98f1d8cb71b784505b12d56.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000017016 00000000000 015052  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Plot summary Edit

In 1880, in the fictional central European country of Gorslava, prominent London physician Sir Robert Cargrave (Ronald Lewis) visits the mysterious Baron Sardonicus (Guy Rolfe) at the urgent request of Cargrave's former love, Maude (Audrey Dalton), now the baron's wife. Sir Robert becomes apprehensive when his inquiries about Sardonicus are met with fear. When Sir Robert arrives at Castle Sardonicus, his fears are quickly justified: He sees Sardonicus' servant Krull (Oskar Homolka) torturing another of the baron's servants with leeches. Maude is afraid of what may happen if Sir Robert refuses Sardonicus' requests. Even Krull is not immune to the baron's cruelty; he is missing an eye, lost to Sardonicus' anger. Sardonicus tells his story to Sir Robert. He was born Marek Toleslawski, a farmer like his father Henryk (Vladimir Sokoloff). Marek and his wife Elenka (Erika Peters) lived a humble life with his father, but Elenka and Henryk wanted more. Henryk bought a ticket for the national lottery but died before the drawing; after his burial, Marek and Elenka discovered that the ticket won but had been buried with Henryk. Elenka insisted that Marek retrieve the ticket from the grave to prove his love to her. Upon opening the grave, Marek was traumatized by the sight of Henryk's "grinning" skull. He lost the power of speech, and his face was frozen in a horrifying grin. Elenka, terrified by the transformation, committed suicide. The lottery prize allowed Marek to buy a title and a castle, but he had no one to share them with. Marek renamed himself "Sardonicus" and hired speech experts to retrain him to speak. He conducted experiments on young women to find a cure for his condition, but had no success. He learned from his new wife, Maude, that Sir Robert was a great doctor specializing in paralysis, and he had hoped Sir Robert could restore his face. Sir Robert agrees to try, but he is unsuccessful. Sardonicus demands he try more experimental treatments. When Sir Robert refuses, Sardonicus threatens to mutilate Maude's face to match his own. Sir Robert sends for a deadly South American plant and uses it to experiment on dogs. Sardonicus displays Henryk's open coffin, giving Sir Robert an idea: He will inject Sardonicus with plant extract, then recreate the trauma that caused Sardonicus' condition. The operation is a success, and Sardonicus' face is restored. Sir Robert advises him to not speak until his facial muscles have had time to adjust. The baron writes a note to Maude releasing her from their marriage, and another to Sir Robert asking his fee. Sir Robert refuses any fee, and Sardonicus lets them go. As they prepare to leave by train, Krull implores them to return. Sardonicus has lost the power of speech again, and he cannot open his jaw or lips. Sir Robert tells Krull that the injection was only water, and that the plant extract would have been lethal even in a small dose. It was a placebo, and Sardonicus' affliction was only psychosomatic. Once Sardonicus realizes that, he will be completely restored. Krull returns to the castle and tells the baron that he just missed Sir Robert's train. Sardonicus is doomed to starve, and Krull sits down to eat his lavish dinner in front of the Baron.

Cast Edit

Oskar Homolka as Krull (credited as "Oscar Homolka")

Ronald Lewis as Sir Robert Cargrave

Audrey Dalton as Maude Sardonicus

Guy Rolfe as Baron Sardonicus

Vladimir Sokoloff as Henryk Toleslawski

Erika Peters as Elenka

Lorna Hanson as Anna

Production Edit

Guy Rolfe displays the torturous make-up used to transform him into Mr. Sardonicus. The film was based on a short story called "Sardonicus" that was originally published in Playboy. Castle purchased the rights and hired its author, Ray Russell, to write the screenplay.[2] To achieve Sardonicus's terrible grin, Rolfe was subjected to five separate facial appliance fittings. He could not physically stand to wear the piece for more than an hour at a time.[2] As a result, the full makeup is only shown in a few scenes, with Rolfe instead wearing a mask over his face for most of the running time.[3] Castle, with his reputation as the "king of gimmicks" to market his films, built the marketing for the film around the idea of the two possible endings.[1] Near the end of the film, audiences were given the opportunity to participate in the "Punishment Poll". Each movie patron was given a glow-in-the-dark card featuring a hand with the thumb out. At the appropriate time, they voted by holding up the card with either the thumb up or down as to whether Sardonicus would live or die. The "poll" scene, as presented in the film, is hosted by Castle himself. He is shown pretending to address the audience, jovially egging them on to choose punishment, and "tallying" the poll results with no break in continuity as the "punishment" ending is pronounced the winner. Castle, in his autobiography Step Right Up! I'm Gonna Scare the Pants Off America, claimed the idea for two different endings came from the Columbia Pictures' dissatisfaction with the downbeat ending of the original story and script, so "I would have two endings, Columbia's and mine, and let the audience decide for themselves the fate of Mr. Sardonicus."[3] The alternate "merciful" ending purportedly showed Sardonicus being cured and surviving (although co-star Dalton claims no such ending was ever shot).[4] Given that Turner Classic Movies was unable to locate any cut of the film which included the "merciful" ending, the suggestion of alternative endings itself appears to have been an elaborate conceit on the part of Castle in service of the "gimmick". Castle claimed in his book, "Invariably, the audience's verdict was thumbs down... Contrary to some opinions (just in case the audience voted for mercy) we had the other ending. But it was rarely, if ever, used." The consensus among film historians, however, appears to be that no other endings were ever filmed.[3] The "punishment" ending occupies only three minutes of film after the "poll", and was the ending of the original Russell short story. There are reports that a separate version of the "poll" was produced for drive-ins, in which patrons were asked to flash their cars' headlights to vote.[5][6] A similar variation was filmed for the drive-in market for Castle's The Tingler,[7] but to date no evidence for any variation of Mr. Sardonicus has come to light.

Release Edit

Mr. Sardonicus was released by Columbia on October 18, 1961.[8]

Critical response Edit

The film received mixed to negative reviews from critics. The PTA Magazine described Mr. Sardonicus as an "elaborately produced [film]... that evokes disgust as well as macabre thrills".[9] The New York Times sharply disagreed. While praising Lewis's performance, the Times stated that Castle "is not Edgar Allan Poe. Anybody naive enough to attend...will find painful proof".[8]Allmovie gave the film a mostly positive review, complimenting the film's mounting tension and suspense, and disturbing make-up effects, calling the film one of the director's best works.[10] The film currently holds a 38% "Rotten" rating on film review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes with an average rating of 4.6 out of 10, based on eight reviews.[11]

Cultural impact Edit

The U.S. television series Wiseguy incorporated the film into a story arc about a rich factory owner in Washington State who was fixated on the film and had comparable emotional issues.[12] He was cured by reenacting the film's ending. Noted film critic Jeffrey Lyons played himself, explaining the film's psychological subtext to FBI agents on the case.

Notes Edit

See also Edit

References Edit                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236705-1324f099bb1604f2ab235a86f68661ea.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007040 00000000000 014746  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Erdoğan holds talks to revive Turkey’s EU bid

BRUSSELS

Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan met the European Union’s top officials, along with the leaders of the powerhouses of the bloc in Brussels, in a bid to revive the country’s bid for membership in the EU in the wake of a period of highly tense relations.Council of Europe President Donald Tusk and European Commission head Jean-Claude Juncker met Erdoğan “in a good and constructive atmosphere” before a NATO summit in the Belgian capital on May 25.The “EU and Turkey must and will work together,” a spokesman for Juncker said in a tweet as talks began.“Major issues of common interest were discussed in detail in a good and constructive atmosphere.”Tusk also highlighted the need for cooperation while emphasizing disagreements over human rights.“We discussed the need to cooperate,” Tusk said following the meeting in a tweet, adding that he “put the question of human rights” at the center of the discussions.Erdoğan did not comment on the meeting but presidential sources said all three emphasized the need to realize a March 2016 migrant deal.The deal to put an end to migration through illegal channels in the Aegean by cracking down on human traffickers and improving the conditions of nearly 3 million Syrian refugees in Turkey has also become a source of tension between the bloc and Ankara.Under the agreement, Ankara agreed to take back all Syrians who crossed to the Greek islands illegally from Turkey, and the EU promised to take in the same number of Syrian refugees from Turkey. The agreement also called for a visa waiver for Turks visiting the EU.However, visa-free access to the EU has been delayed due to a dispute over Turkey’s anti-terror laws. In the meantime, Ankara has repeatedly warned that it will walk away from the agreement to accept refugees heading to Europe unless the EU agrees to waive visa restrictions.Erdoğan told reporters before he departed for Brussels on May 24 that the bloc should decide on the union’s future perspective with regards to Turkey’s membership.“We don’t aim to break away from the EU, but the EU shall take its responsibilities, too. The EU cannot see Turkey [as] a beggar. It does not have such a right... that’s what we’ll tell them,” he said.At another meeting on the margins of the NATO summit, Erdoğan told French President Emmanuel Macron that he would “rapidly” look into the case of jailed French photojournalist Mathias Depardon, according to Macron’s office.According to the press freedom group Reporters Without Borders (RSF), Depardon, who has been held in Turkey for over two weeks, has begun a hunger strike.Depardon was doing a story for National Geographic on Hasankeyf, a historical area that will soon be inundated by waters from a dam, when he was detained. Turkey has ordered his deportation, yet he remains in isolation in the southeastern province of Gaziantep.Erdoğan and Macron agreed to boost annual trade to 20 billion euros ($22 billion) and to improve Ankara’s diplomatic ties with the European Union, Turkish presidential sources said.But relations between the bloc and Ankara soured after a failed coup attempt in July 2016, and worsened further during the campaign for the April 16 constitutional referendum. In the run-up to the referendum, Erdoğan said he would approve the reimposition of the death penalty if parliament approves it, even though the move would automatically end Turkey’s EU bid.Erdoğan was also scheduled to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel and British Prime Minister Theresa May.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0236712-2d8a91185539429fc6ce053b882d8bc3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002336 00000000000 014771  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Dallas Cowboys have been a disaster without Sean Lee in the lineup.

Team owner Jerry Jones told KRLD-FM Tuesday that he's "very concerned" the ascendant middle linebacker might not play again this season, per the Cowboys' official website.

Calling Lee the "QB of the defense," Jones opined about the neck injury that Lee suffered in a Week 14 loss to the Chicago Bears. The Cowboys defender told reporters Monday that he hasn't been cleared and doesn't know if he'll be on the field Sunday against the Washington Redskins.

With Lee sidelined, Dallas squandered a 23-point lead in Sunday's 37-36 loss to the Packers. Green Bay outscored the Cowboys 34-10 in the second half of a game that saw Dallas (7-7) blow a fourth-quarter lead for an NFL-worst fourth time this season.

Blame Tony Romo all you want, but the Cowboys don't have a chance until this defense tightens up. Allowing 400-plus yards for the eighth time Sunday, Dallas desperately misses Lee's run-stopping ability and pass-coverage prowess. He's a special player, but one who can't seem to stay on the field.

If his season is over, the demise of the Cowboys won't be far off.

The latest "Around The League Podcast" broke down the Cowboys' loss and every other Week 15 game.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236607-6875c8ada25ec8039f291f674f0a8f5d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000021677 00000000000 015154  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        JUST occasionally, the diocese of Hereford and its cathedral have caused ripples which have extended far beyond its rural pond. The appointment as bishop of two men considered by many to be heretics (Hampden in 1847, and Henson in 1917); the blatant omission of the Athanasian Creed on Easter Day in 1920; the Mappa Mundi débâcle in 1988-99: all these were causes of great controversy. And this year is the 50th anniversary of the storm surrounding the removal of the cathedral’s Victorian screen in 1967.

Screens were a sine qua non of medieval churches and cathedrals, but more recently they have been the subject of heated debates. Do they contribute to the mystery, or get in the way of worship?

In the 18th century, many screens were swept away — in Durham, Peterborough, and Hereford cathedrals, for example — in response to the Romantic ideal of an uninterrupted vista of the whole magnificent view. The influence of the Oxford Movement, however, encouraged some cathedral chapters to reinstate their screens. Several installed ironwork screens created by George Gilbert Scott in collaboration with the metalworker Francis Skidmore — in Lichfield (1861), Hereford (1862), Salisbury (1870), and Worcester (1873).

The Hereford screen was first exhibited at the International Exhibition of 1862, in London, when it was hailed “the finest piece of modern work in existence . . . there is nothing . . . which will bear even a moment’s comparison.” Made from eight tons of iron, copper, and brass, and lavished with more than 50,000 pieces of mosaic, enamel, and cut and polished stones, it was lauded by contemporary writers. The Illustrated London News considered it “the most noble work of modern times . . . [which] stands forth to the world as a monument of the surpassing skill of our land and our age”.

Advertisement

As early as 1875, however, there were problems. The ironwork was being corroded by the gaslight of the building, and even Scott himself had doubts about the suitability of the screen’s position, lamenting that it was “too loud and self-asserting for an English church”. Others questioned its liturgical use “in a church where the Protestant service is performed”. The public mood was changing, and, in 1897, a writer described the Hereford screen as “gorgeous but not so particularly artistic . . . a great deal too gaudy and glittering for its place”.

THE evolution of liturgical requirements continued in the first decades of the 20th century. As the eucharist increasingly became the central act of worship, screens were “in the way”. At Hereford, references were made as early as 1934 to the possible removal of the screen, but, while the bishop described it as “a great many shams”, the dean was clear that the debate was “too much an issue of national importance to allow ourselves to be guided by local opinion”.

He was right; and tensions escalated, for and against. While some damned the screen as “a real obstacle to worship”, others saw it as a fine specimen of Victorian art, alongside Scott’s Midland Hotel at St Pancras, and the Albert Memorial in South Kensington — structures which, at that time, were similarly threatened. “Anti-screen fever” developed: Salisbury’s screen was deemed “a halt to one’s vision”, and, in 1960, removed to be sold as scrap metal.

HEREFORD made the decision to remove its screen in 1964, “on aesthetic grounds, and in view of the heavy expenditure necessary for its cleaning and repair”. In this they were encouraged by the possible sale of the screen to the Herbert Art Gallery, in Coventry, as the centrepiece for an intended Museum of Industry.

From the start, there was opposition. In an article, “Hereford’s Pride and the Destroyers”, the architectural correspondent of The Daily Telegraph, Peter Fleetwood-Hesketh, called the proposed removal of the screen “one of the most senseless acts of contemporary iconoclasm”. More judicious in his criticism was the Dean of Gloucester, Seiriol Evans, who accused Hereford of “ritual and architectural nonsense”, turning the nave and choir “into one large room for the occasional large service”.

Other heavyweights ventured their opinions, including Nikolaus Pevsner and John Betjeman. Curiously, the latter seems to have completely misunderstood the purpose of Victorian screens, arguing that they “enabled clergy and choir to sing the daily offices undisturbed by visitors and pilgrims on their way to the shrines at the east end”. Not in 19th-century Hereford, I think.

Nor was the screen without its detractors. Canon Dawson of Salisbury, who had successfully removed the screen there, described Hereford’s screen as a work of “spiky, blatant vulgarity”, and as “a purely Victorian fabrication, which was a mistake when it was put up and is a mistake now”. The architectural historian Alec Clifton-Taylor reassured the Dean that he had long considered that “whatever may be the somewhat macabre merits of this screen . . . it was no asset to Hereford.”

REMOVAL of the screen finally took place at dead of night on 6 February 1967. Contemporary news reports suggested that “local people will know that the controversy this event caused was much greater in London than in Hereford”; but the Dean, Robin Peel Price, was reportedly left “a broken man”, and he resigned the following year.

The screen’s 14,000 component parts were packed in newspaper and straw, placed in crates, and delivered to the Herbert Gallery. By the 1970s, however, it was clear that Coventry’s intention to preserve the screen in its own museum would not be realised. Fresh controversy ensued; and, in 1979, the Birmingham Evening Mail reported that local city councillors were “trying to decide what to do with their massively elaborate choir screen”, and were considering a range of options, including its sale to the United States.

Finally, Coventry Council sought the advice of the Victoria and Albert Museum, pleading that the screen should be housed “in more appropriate premises before it begins to suffer unduly”. At last, in 1983, the screen was officially transferred to the possession of the V&A, in a formal gift declaration. The crates were deposited in the museum’s warehouse in Battersea, where they were to remain for almost 20 years.

In the 1990s, the restoration of the V&A’s National Ironwork galleries gave new impetus. Thus began the most expensive fund-raising campaign ever mounted by the V&A for the restoration of a single object. About £850,000 was needed, and a further £25,000 for the associated lighting scheme. By 1999, the necessary funds had been raised, and the restoration, reassembly, and re-display of the screen was carried out.

Thus, on Ascension Day, 24 May 2001 — almost four decades after its removal from Hereford Cathedral — the restored screen was unveiled. Building Conservation praised the screen’s situation, which “jars fantastically well with the other more sombre exhibits within the Ironwork Galleries”.

WHAT of today? Sometimes, I’m asked if I would like the screen back in Hereford. No. “What, not even with your renowned partiality for bling?” Absolutely not. We’ve moved on, and the focus is now on the central altar — the place, week by week, of the cathedral eucharist. Above the central altar is a Corona by Simon Beer (1992), in memory of Bishop John Eastaugh; in addition to providing an image of glory above the altar, this also serves as a visual division between nave and chancel — perhaps even in the way that the Victorian screen did.

Advertisement

Hereford’s screen looks splendid in the V&A, standing sentinel above the foyer; and, in many ways, this is where it should be: an exhibit, among many other marvels of craftsmanship — the very purpose of the 1862 exhibition, at which it was first seen. In so many ways, it was not a liturgical screen at all, but a magnificent confection.

What of cathedrals that have screens? Let them stay, and let them be used creatively. I have seen magnificent liturgies at York and Gloucester where — far from being a barrier — the screen has introduced a great note of drama; and, of course, Lichfield and Worcester still have their Victorian screens. It is one thing, however, to use what is there, and quite another to have such an object reinstated today.

THE story ends happily. In 2011, a group of the Friends of Hereford Cathedral paid a visit to the V&A, where they heard a fascinating talk on the screen by the keeper of metalwork. Joining the gathering was the then-director of the Victorian Society, Ian Dungavell. His presence there with the Dean of Hereford was, I think, a symbolic rapprochement.

Even if it is still (as I understand it) the official policy of the Victorian Society that the screen should one day return to Hereford, both the society and the cathedral know that this is unlikely to happen. Instead, we were united in celebration of this splendid object, in the place where it should be.

The Very Revd Michael Tavinor is the Dean of Hereford.                                                                 0236663-39d7e478a46f0a6e7b7b50b2699c7cd7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007615 00000000000 015154  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Image copyright Police Image caption Hussein Ali and Mohamud Mohamud last month pleaded guilty to killing Mohammed Abdi in the Duddingston area on 26 May last year

Three men who killed a 25-year-old man with a sub-machine gun in an Edinburgh suburb have been jailed for life.

Mohamud Mohamud, 30, Cadil Huseen, 23, and Hussein Ali, 26, earlier pleaded guilty to killing Mohammed Abdi in the Duddingston area on 26 May last year.

Mr Abdi died from a chest wound after being gunned down in what is understood to have been a feud over drugs.

The men - described by the judge as "corrupt" - must serve at least 25 years before applying for parole.

They were sentenced at the High Court in Glasgow.

Lord Turnbull said the trio were part of a "wholly corrupt lifestyle" and were prepared to "engage in violence of an extreme nature".

Omar Abdi, the victim's father, said: "Nothing will bring my son back, but I am relieved to know the persons who committed this terrible crime will no longer be able to hurt anyone again and I hope no other family will suffer as we have.

"I would like to thank wholeheartedly the various communities across Edinburgh who were affected by this tragic death and who went on to provide vital support to the police investigation.

"I was heartened when I saw the number of cards and flowers that were laid where my son died and provided me with comfort that he had been a friend to a number of people who shared in my grief.

"I have been supported throughout the past year while the investigation has been ongoing and I would like to thank Police Scotland and the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service, who along with others have brought these individuals to justice."

Image copyright PA Image caption Mr Abdi died after an armed car chase in Edinburgh

A trial earlier heard how a large Somalian crime network, with London connections, operated in Edinburgh and Glasgow.

Huseen and Ali were involved in large-scale drug dealing with Mohamud a close associate.

The victim Mr Abdi had been close to the group, until he set up a rival drug gang.

This sparked a series of tit for tat incidents between the gangs before it escalated to the fatal shooting.

Witnesses spoke of hearing speeding cars, one smashed into a fence, and also the sound of gunfire.

Taxi driver Mohammed Irfan said: "I never thought it would be happening here. It was like something you hear in the movies."

Five shots were discharged from a machine gun, three hitting Mr Abdi.

Another was fired from a converted revolver, but it was a bullet from the machine gun which proved fatal after it struck Mr Abdi in the chest.

Mohamud was caught at the scene by police, while Huseen hid in a shed and then fled to London where he was arrested weeks later.

Ali fled to Kenya, but later agreed to return to the UK after extradition proceedings began.

Mohamud, Huseen and Ali had originally denied murder, but changed their plea to guilty at the fourth week of their trial last month.

Ahmed Ahmed, 28, Liban Ahmed, 30, Said Fadal, 32, and Said Tarabi, 27, had also been accused of murder, but their not guilty pleas were previously accepted.

Det Ch Supt Gary Flannigan, of Police Scotland, said: "This crime took place just a month into the formation of Police Scotland and the subsequent investigation saw specialised officers teaming up right across the country and, indeed, working with the authorities from other continents.

"Detectives were able to combine CCTV and telecoms information from throughout the United Kingdom, while scene examiners and scientists did fantastic work deconstructing the vehicles involved in the shooting and recovering vital evidence.

"The public, too, played a crucial part in the case that led to today's sentencing. Local residents who initially stopped to help at what they thought was a road traffic accident were not deterred even when the full nature of the incident unfolded and we are grateful for their invaluable assistance."                                                                                                                   0236733-f5d320fa729502649ef72169505e60ff.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004306 00000000000 014711  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        After a recommendation from a fellow redditor, I looked into Man Cave Soapworks, and promptly bought every scent they make. As an aside, it seems like most artisan soap makers put little effort into their packaging; I usually only buy the puck itself and just throw it into a mason jar or tupperware. For these, however, Carrie over Man Cave Soapworks appears to have actually put some effort and skill into crafting unique interesting labels for each of her soap scents. So, to any other soap-makers out there, presentation counts too!

Gentleman’s Tweed would be their take upon Creed’s classic Green Irish Tweed scent. Here’s what they have to say about it:

This rich, sporty scent bursts with a sprig of Dublin ivy and a blend of French verbena and lemon. Green herbaceous clover, sublime notes of mysore sandalwood and gray amber will make you wish you were with nary a care on O’Connell Street in Dublin; Guinness in hand.

It’s a bit sweeter than most other versions of this scent that I’ve smelled so far. All in all, it’s an extremely pleasant scent. Unfortunately, it’s not strong enough. Quite nice in the jar, but when lathered and applied to the face? Only the faintest occasional whiff. As anyone who reads my reviews on a regular basis knows, this is all too common of a fault amongst soaps across the board. Seriously people, I like your scents! I want to be able to smell them when I’ve shaving, not just when I’m sticking my nose in the jar.

For the shave itself, it performs about the same as most other Glycerine shave soaps that I’ve come across. Nice and thick lather, fairly decent amount of glide. No issues finding a good balance between the two. Plus it did seem to leave the face seeming a bit softer / nicer than most soaps.

9/10 Scent Pleasantness

5/10 Scent Strength

7/10 Lather Quality (reflects new scoring as outlined here)

Overall, I’d give it a 6/10. I wish it could be a bit stronger scented, but at that price point it might still be worth a shot.

Gear used:

Ingredients: Coconut Oil, Palm Oil, Safflower Oil, Glycerin, Purified Water, Sodium Hydroxide, Organic Shea Butter, Sorbitol, Sorbitan Oleate, Bentonite Clay, Soy Bean Protein, Wheat Protein, Fragrance.

Advertisements                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0236732-b9c183adf79f0f1eb7e534fd7317310b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002341 00000000000 015174  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        At the stroke of midnight on Tuesday, renowned author Dan Brown will publish The Lost Symbol, his fifth novel and the third to star Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon. Early reviews report that Brown’s new thriller has all the elements that made The Da Vinci Code a phenomenal success: intricate conspiracies, sexy sidekicks, and grotesque villains intent on stopping our erudite yet brave hero at all costs. Previous Langdon adventures have taken him to Rome, Paris, and London in pursuit of the Vatican’s mysteries. The new novel takes place Washington, D.C., and delves into the mysteries of the Freemasons.

For those of you who can’t wait another moment for Dan Brown’s next blockbuster, Slate has your fix: an interactive Dan Brown plot generator that takes a city and a shadowy organization and spits out the plot of the next volume in the Robert Langdon chronicles. You can either select a specific city and/or group from the dropdown menus at the top of the tool or leave it on “random” and let the computer decide. Make sure to hit “refresh”—even the same city and group have multiple story lines.

Seem formulaic? That’s because it is.

Play with more interactive features from the Slate Group and the Washington Post.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0236729-10e6f9d0f3fd3c71429b7a85c8fe0966.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004261 00000000000 015143  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The scientists claim to have traced the river's source to a snow-capped mountain in southern Peru, adding a new twist in the swirling debate over the longest river label.

The Amazon is considered the world's largest river by volume, but scientists have believed it is slightly shorter than Africa's Nile.

The Brazilian scientists' 14-day expedition extended the Amazon's length by about 176 miles (284 kilometers), making it 65 miles (105 kilometers) longer than the Nile.

According to the team's results, which have not been published, the Amazon is 4,225 miles (6,800 kilometers) long. The Nile stretches 4,160 miles (6,695 kilometers).

"Today, we can consider the Amazon the longest river in the world," study author Guido Gelli, director of science at the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics, told London's Telegraphnewspaper.

Long Rivalry

The Amazon and the Nile have been at the center of a centuries-old rivalry over the "world's longest" title.

In the 20th century, consensus gave the title to the Nile.

Determining the length of a river is tricky because scientists have to pinpoint both where the river begins and ends, Andrew Johnston, a geographer at the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum in Washington, D.C., told National Geographic News.

Though Johnston was not a part of the research team, he is familiar with the Amazon mapping effort. He participated in related research in 2000, which was funded in part by the National Geographic Society. (National Geographic News is part of the National Geographic Society.)

"The mouth of the Amazon is so wide, it's hard to pick the exact spot at which to choose the end point with that kind of precision," he said.

"Personally, I would want to know a little bit more about how they came to that number before I was comfortable saying, 'Yes this is longer,'" he added.

Conservation Awareness

Glenn Switkes is the São Paulo-based Latin America coordinator for the conservation group International Rivers Network.

The debate over river length is trivial, he said, but he hopes the announcement will focus international attention on the Brazilian government's efforts to build more than 60 large dams on the Amazon's major tributaries.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0236578-567395252d7fe37a8e10ad7492029e5e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001520 00000000000 014717  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Ayn Rand (1905-1982) was a Russian-American writer and philiosopher. She’s famous for her two novels, The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged, and creating a new system of philosophy called Objectivism. I didn’t know anything about her before adapting this quote but she seems to have lived a very interesting life. Rand grew up in Russia during the Russian Revolution and later moved to America where she worked as a screenwriter in Hollywood before gaining fame with her first novel, The Fountainhead. After success as a novelist she focused on philosophy and formed a new system called Objectivism, a way of thinking that places reason above everything else. Rand was a strong, out-spoken woman who definitely lived by the words in this quote. Anyone here recommend The Fountainhead or Atlas Shrugged? Thanks to Luciana for submitting the quote.                                                                                                                                                                                0236735-6f7e1989d8c32a90b4c5db884b9db5c3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006471 00000000000 015231  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sony Corp has been hacked again, exposing more security issues for the company less than a month after intruders stole personal information from more than 100 million online user accounts.

A man walks past a Sony logo in front of an electronic shop in Tokyo May 3, 2011. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon

A hacked page on a Sony website in Thailand directed users to a fake site posing as an Italian credit card company. The site was designed to steal information from customers, Internet security firm F-Secure disclosed on Friday.

It is the latest in a series of security headaches for Sony, which discovered in April hackers had broken into its PlayStation Network and stole data from more than 77 million accounts. On May 2, Sony disclosed hackers had also stolen data from about 25 million user accounts of the Sony Online Entertainment website, a PC-based games service.

The PlayStation attack, considered the biggest in Internet history, prompted the Japanese electronics giant to shut down its PlayStation Network and other services for close to a month.

“It’s a Sony security issue,” said Jennifer Kutz, a representative for F-Secure, referring to the fraudulent website.

The latest hacking, which the security company said occurred separately from the April attack, was reported just hours after Sony told customers of another breach on one of its units.

So-Net, the Internet service provider unit of Sony, alerted customers on Thursday that an intruder had broken into its system and stolen virtual points worth $1,225 from account holders.

Critics have slammed the company for not protecting its networks securely and then waiting up to a week before telling its customers of the attack and the possible theft of credit card information, prompting lawmakers and state attorneys general to launch investigations.

Security experts said they were not surprised that the electronics company has not yet fixed weaknesses in its massive global network. Earlier this week, Sony shut down one of its websites set up to help millions of users change their passwords after finding a security flaw.

“Sony is going through a pretty rigorous process and finding the holes to fill,” said Josh Shaul, chief technology officer for computer security firm Application Security Inc.

“The hackers are going through the same process and they’re putting their fingers in the holes faster than Sony can fill them.”

“What we’ve done is stopped the So-Net points exchanges and told customers to change their passwords,” So-Net said in a statement in Japanese to consumers.

About 100,000 yen ($1,225) was stolen from accounts that were attacked. The company said there was no evidence other accounts in the online system had been compromised.

“At this point in our investigations, we have not confirmed any data leakage. We have not found any sign of a possibility that a third party has obtained members’ names, address, birth dates and phone numbers.”

Security experts have told Reuters Sony’s networks around the world remain vulnerable to attack.

Sony’s string of security problems could be attracting more hackers to attack its networks.

“I think it’s now ‘I’m a hacker and I’m bored, let’s go after Sony,’” Shaul said.

A Sony representative in the United States could not immediately be reached for comment on Friday.                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236760-96fff662c2fe64d056bba916ec6f992b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004125 00000000000 015303  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A major tightening of road safety legislation, including measures to take blood samples from drivers injured in crashes, came into force today.

New roadside impairment testing for drugs has also been introduced.

The measures see the closure of a loophole that allowed drunken drivers involved in serious accidents to avoid blood tests through being unconscious or by claiming injury.

Under the new rules, medical authorities may now take a sample from a driver who is unable to provide consent to the procedure.

A driver will be asked on regaining capacity whether they consent to the issuing of a certificate of the test results based on the sample.

The certificate stating the level of alcohol in the bloodstream may be used in a subsequent prosecution.

If the driver refuses to allow the sample to be used, the refusal will be an offence and penalties can include disqualification from driving.

Gardaí have also been given additional powers to allow for roadside impairment testing for drugs.

Drivers can now be asked to perform a range of balance and co-ordination movements, which may indicate if they have been driving while under the influence of drugs.

The measures were announced today by Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport Paschal Donohoe, Road Safety Authority Chairperson Liz O'Donnell and An Garda Síochána.

Meanwhile, the PSNI has said that some drivers stopped on the roads last Christmas were so drunk they could barely stand up.

A total of 258 people were caught drink driving in Northern Ireland over the Christmas period, with the PSNI warning they will be conducting more operations this year.

Assistant Chief Constable Alan Todd said this figure was particularly disappointing, adding that "it just beggars belief that some people still insist on attempting to drive after drinking."

The PSNI have announced plans to coordinate road safety operations across border counties with gardaí.

Of the 258 people detected drink driving between the end of last November and the 2 January this year the youngest was 15 and the oldest was 78, with more than three times as many men caught as women.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0236602-b74b91818273b2c6bd6d772d203771ff.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002124 00000000000 014753  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Release Date: Summer 2016

Price: $350

A new colorway of the adidas Yeezy Boost 750 is expected to release during early Summer of 2016. Previously scheduled to release on March 18th, it has been reported that there will be no adidas Yeezy releases until early Summer.

This Yeezy Boost 750 will come with a ful tonal brown suede upper and a translucent gum BOOST midsole/outsole.

We will update you with more news as soon as more information becomes available.

News

The Next adidas Yeezy 750 Boost Is Expected To Release Next Month

The New ‘Ye Order: Kanye West Can Sell A Million adidas Yeezys, But Is It Enough?

People Are Already Camping Out For The Next adidas Yeezy Release

The Brown adidas Yeezy Boost 750 WILL NOT Release This Month

Images

Unknown (3/6/16):

arod103 (3/4/16):

Archives

Is The adidas Yeezy Boost 750 Brown The Best Colorway Yet?

Author’s Takes

Andres Carrillo, News: Out of the three colorways that have released this has to be the best one yet. My favorite feature is the translucent gum sole that gives a very casual look to the shoe.

Available Now on Kixify & eBay                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0236505-efefbe33873f50c2738179199dadb223.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007445 00000000000 015136  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        CLOSE As much of the U.S. faces below-average temperatures, organizers race to find a warm place for the homeless. Shelters open their doors to try and keep people safe and warm, at least for a night. VPC

Kenneth Winfield dies homeless (Photo: MIchael Clevenger/Kyle Slagle)

When the season's first cold snap hit in November, Kenneth Winfield arrived at Louisville's St. John Center for Homeless Men — his hands icy cold after sleeping outdoors.

"He started crying," recalled Maria Price, executive director of the day shelter. "He said, 'Please help me find an apartment. I don't want to die out there.' "

Winfield was found on the steps of the St. John Center amid sub-zero temperatures Thursday night and later died, Price said.

"It's heartbreaking," she said Friday.

The Jefferson County Coroner's Office said an autopsy and cause of death were pending.

Price said Winfield was 49 and had been homeless for years. Like many of the chronically homeless, he had battled mental illness and substance abuse, she said. Recently, he had been sleeping in a tent with a girlfriend in a wooded area near downtown.

While they could have sought refuge at one of the city's homeless shelters, which open extra space during cold temperatures, they apparently were among the dozens of homeless who often stay outdoors no matter what the conditions, Price said.

Price said Winfield's girlfriend told her they'd gone past the center at night but, for reasons that aren't clear, she continued on to their tent while Winfield remained behind. Louisville Fire responded to a report of a "man down" around 8:30 p.m. He was taken to University Hospital, where he died the following day, Mayor Greg Fischer said.

"The homeless, as I've said, are particularly vulnerable in this weather," he said. "And we've been working to get as many off the streets as we possibly can."

Price said Winfield had applied for a federal supportive housing program that provides a rent voucher, counseling and social service support.

More top news: Girl Scout cookie makers fear firings over OT

C-J Apps: Get the C-J with rich video and more on your iPad

However, during an assessment as part of the application process Winfield "didn't score high enough to be considered the most vulnerable," Price said, so he was still waiting for an opening. She said officials at the center, whose 70 vouchers are all full, were continuing to work to find him space in other housing programs.

"It once again points to just this horrible choice we're forced to make when we don't have enough supply to meet demand," she said.

Winfield had been a client at St. John's for at least four years, Price said, describing him as congenial and friendly. He wanted to serve as an ambassador for the center.

"He'd take a garbage bag around the block and pick up trash. He wanted us to be good neighbors," Price said.

He and his girlfriend had been planning to get married, Price said, and Winfield's girlfriend told her they were planning to ask if the ceremony could be held at St. John.

CLOSE Mayor Greg Fischer visited St. John Center during the bitter cold, saying people “need to be thinking about our homeless 365 days a year.“ Video by Matt Stone, The C-J

"We're all deeply saddened by this," said Chris Poynter, a spokesman for Fischer, who had visited St. John this week to highlight the plight of the homeless.

Officials at Friday's weather briefing noted that police officers were looking for the homeless along with groups including the YMCA, the Veterans Administration and Wayside Christian Mission.

Natalie Harris, director of the Louisville Coalition for the Homeless, urged residents to contact her group if they wished to volunteer and advocate for more affordable housing.

"He was invisible to most of us because he was homeless," he said.

Read or Share this story: http://cjky.it/1EyboG7                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0236743-cded721722edb7b9cc3e48a04cf7e3ba.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014437 00000000000 015500  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        jackaldope:

would you diagnose yourself as HAVING THE FLU? would you TELL PEOPLE YOU HAVE A SORE THROAT without a doctor’s approval? of course not. as everyone knows, symptoms are arcane runes inscribed on the body and can only be interpreted by doctors, and wizards

The problem isn’t the interpretation of symptoms, though; some illnesses manifest in obvious and unique symptoms which leave no doubt of the underlying aetiology. However, 99% of illnesses present with symptoms which allow differential diagnoses, i.e. other, less common illnesses which share the same set of symptoms and which must be excluded from consideration by use of various clinical tests before adequate medical treatment can be initiated.

For influenza, some (un/)common differential diagnoses (based on Influenza-Like Illnesses, ILI) are (from my pocket guide to differential diagnoses):

Cytomegalovirus.

Rhinovirus.

Adenovirus.

Echovira.

Parainfluenza Virus.

Mycoplasma.

Acute Respirator Distress Syndrome.

Meningitis.

HIV.

Mononucleosis.

Histoplasmosis.

Metapneumovirus.

Respiratory Syncytial Virus.

Bronchiolitis.

Pharyngitis.

Pneumonia.

Streptococcus pneumoniae infection.

Chlamydial pneumonia.

Myocarditis.

Epiglottitis

Poliomyelitis.

Malaria.

Lyme’s Disease.

Legionnaire Disease.

Dengue Fever.

Hantavirus.

Q Fever.

Herpes.

Hepatitis C.

Rabies.

Coxsackievirus.

Retropharyngeal absesses.

Drug use of: Influenza vaccine, interferons, monoclonal antibodies, chemotherapy, Levamisole, biphosphates, Caspofungin, opioid withdrawal.

I found a full list here - most of these aren’t relevant to Emergency Medicine, but just have a scroll through that page and consider the number of differential diagnoses available for ILI.

Most of the time, most, when patients present with flu-like symptoms, it is just the flu and it’ll go away on its own. Sometimes, it’s Avian Flu or Swine Flu, but still, most patients improve without assistance and don’t seek medical attention, assuming (sometimes correctly, sometimes not) that they’re just having the flu. This doesn’t mean, however, that their “self-diagnosis” was correct; their “flu” could potentially be any one of the illnesses listed above, which is why all diagnoses must be supported by clinical tests. For this reason, when presented with any given set of symptoms, doctors operate with a list of differential diagnoses and a working diagnosis, which is their personal “best guess” until test results come in–and more often than not, the working diagnosis changes as treatment progresses and more tests are performed. (I’ve had the “you came in with a sore throat, but it’s actually HIV” chat with patients myself. HIV can present as f–ing anything. It's always a differential diagnosis. Forget about Lupus, Dr. House.)

Unless you have knowledge of relevant differential diagnoses and access to clinical testing, you cannot diagnose an illness correctly–even doctors get it wrong sometimes, if they can’t uncover all the differential diagnoses. Which is why the layman’s “self-diagnosis” is a) not possible, b) appropriation of medical terminology (and as tumblogger, you ought to know appropriation is bad), and c) potentially very dangerous. (Just look at this post. Did you know, OP, that Ebola also presents with flu-like symptoms? Should you really be telling people to “self-diagnose” with common garden-variety influenza when we’re currently experiencing the most severe Ebola outbreak in human history?)

I understand that Americans (and others, but this seems to be mainly a US issue on tumblr) do not have access to adequate healthcare–which is an absolute travesty and something y'all should think hard about when you’re old enough to vote–but a “self-diagnosis” is not a diagnosis, and it’s a potential health risk to yourselves as well as potentially hurtful to people with actual diagnoses, especially when it comes to mental health issues. One thing is “self-diagnosing” with the flu or a sore throat, another completely is to “self-diagnose” with ADHD, PTSD, Asperger’s, Bipolar Affective Disorder, etc., because these are rare conditions and you become, by claiming them, representative of patients with these disorders, except you aren’t representative if you don’t actually have the disorder, which is unbelievably harmful to the people who do and might limit their available treatment options–you might indirectly be responsible for someone’s death by claiming an illness you do not have.

Don’t ever “self-diagnose” with a mental disorder–if you experience mental health symptoms, they might a) require psychiatric treatment, or b) be indicative of hormone imbalance, or pernicious anaemia, or cancer, or something else which requires immediate medical treatment. Remember: in 99% of illnesses, differential diagnoses exist. Always see a doctor (if possible–if not, consider the benefits of democratic socialism, e.g. universal healthcare).

And finally, let me just ask you this: Why self-diagnose? Doctors diagnose patients for the purpose of medical treatment; (almost all) diagnoses come with a treatment plan attached. “Self-diagnoses”, on the other hand, aren’t used for treatment purposes–can’t be, because they weren’t made by a medical professional. If you think you have a certain illness, you can study up on it, you can take steps to see if your symptoms respond to e.g. a gluten-free diet or a pet-free environment or cough syrup, and based on this you can form your own (limited, unsubstantiated) “working diagnosis,” but you cannot “self-diagnose.” I personally suspect that “self-diagnoses” are only good for one thing: scoring cheap point on social media websites. :/

(Addendum: No, you don’t have Ebola. If you’re experiencing flu-like symptoms, please don’t call your doctor and tell her you have Ebola. It’s just the flu, cross my heart. Or HIV.)

(Addendum 2: I’m not a classist or an ableist, but I am a socialist. My #1 reason for disapproving of “self-diagnoses” is because they’re indicative of an oppressive and exploitative capitalist system of government which denies its citizens basic human rights such as free and equal access to healthcare. Don’t send me angry messages about it on tumblr, Americans–rise up, throw off your yoke!)

(Source: bufotoxin-blog, via orsino)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0236601-7f2f6ed33415021b60480ee62c5c2281.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001600 00000000000 014646  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A fantastically exhaustive set of test data to measure the integrity of your plugins and themes.

The foundation of these tests are derived from WordPress’ Theme Unit Test Codex data. It’s paired with lessons learned from over three years of theme and plugin support, and baffling corner cases, to create a potent cocktail of simulated, quirky user content.

The word “comprehensive” was purposely left off this description. It’s not. There will always be something new squarely scenario to test. That’s where you come in. Let us know of a test we’re not covering. We’d love to squash it.

Let’s make WordPress testing easier and resilient together.

WP Test is under new ownership, now as a Post Status Labs Project, and you should be on the lookout for a complete revamp of this test data soon — including multiple ways to install it, and data for a variety of applications!                                                                                                                                0236766-1c70272d69da94f2beedbba9b69858a5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000022160 00000000000 015276  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Hello everyone! If you haven't heard already, the winners of the Frankfurt Fanfest Feast Tournament 2017 was Boyband! Regulars and Admins of the Team Tryhard Discord server.

The members of Boyband are Eggscellent Mordecai(Paladin), Dacien Darlett (Scholar), Chicken Soup (Monk), Eli Cocco (Bard). You can view the matches if you have purchased the online Fanfest tickets at Cleeng Fanfest Page.

Axxou had a chance to Interview them all after the Tournament, general questions about FFXIV PvP and opinions of the Feast chat ban crop up, so make sure to read!

Q: Hi everyone! So, where do you come from?

Eli: I’m from Czech.

Dacien: I’m from Belgium.

Egg: I’m from the UK.

Soup: I’m from Turkey.

Q: And you're all from the same free company in the game?

Dacien: Oh, no, I'm from the Odin server.

Eli / Egg / Soup: We're from Pioneer 2 FC on Ragnarok.

Q: How did you meet each other?

Eli: Well we've been PvPing a long time during Seal Rock frontline. We always met each other there, and now we are all on the same Discord server. But we still meet each other all the time in the game anyway.

Q: And how long have you playing together?

All: Around 2 years.

Q: It is your first tournament, how does it feel?

All: Felt great! [laughs] Very stressed and nervous on the stage, literally shaking. The cumulation of Yoshi P near us and the lag during the tournament was intense.

Egg: When you’re in the game, you are in your bubble and you don’t pay attention at your environment.

Eli: By the way, in front on you, you can see a lot of people taking picture and clapping at each kill, that was really crazy. You only want to focus on your own job and to do well.

Q: It is your first Fan Festival or did you already meet each other in real life?

All: It was, nobody of us were at the London fan festival in 2014. So we've met for the first time at this 2017 Fan Festival and that was a fun surprise for all of us.

Q: Do you feel this tournament was pretty easy or were you pretty confident?

Dacien: The first two games were pretty hard but the last game was easier.

Egg: Yes, the first game was also harder because we tried the setup and it was not the same keyboard as usual [German keyboard configuration].

Eli: Our first time on the keyboard, the mouse, the controller and the hotbar!

Q: So, who plays on PS4 and PC, and who uses a controller or a keyboard/mouse?

All: 3 PC and 1 PS4.

Eli: Although I play on PC but I use a controller because I got used to the controller on ps4. I wouldn’t be able to switch.

Q: What do you think about the player using controllers instead of keyboard/mouse for PvP, since the FFXIV team chose not to separate players, unlike OverWatch for example.

Eli: Well, some of the best PvP players are still using PS3, so everything is possible!

Q: Did you train together for the tournament and for how long?

Dacien: For the Feast we didn’t really train a lot, we just played a couple of games because the queue was really long as well.

Egg: There not really a competition mode ingame before the Feast so… Frontlines are fun but not competitive. You go into Frontlines to play with friends and to relax. With the Feast, you get into more serious PvP.

Soup: With the new patch and the cross-server matching, you can player together more easily. We use this new Party Finder function because we are not all on the same server.

Q: Apparently, the time to tag in PvP, especially in the Feast is really long, so how do you manage to train in these conditions?

Dacien: It’s not really complicated because we have a great community doing PvP. For example, if a team wants to train, they can ask ingame or on Discord if another team wants to join just for training.

Q: So what do you think Square Enix has to do to improve PvP and make it more accessible for new players?

Soup: The new Garo event has drawn more people into PvP, that was a good thing.

Egg: True, there a lot of new players playing the Feast and Frontlines for the mounts and the equipment, and I think a lot of these players are actually pretty good!

Q: Have you played other competitive game like Overwatch, DotA or LoL, and how do you compare their different PvP modes with FFXIV?

Dacien: To be honest, my PvP experience in FFXIV is really better than in any other game. I've been playing FFXIV for a long time and I like PvP so I've been able to improve a lot. I probably enjoy it because I'm good at it! [laughs]

Egg: I can't actually give a good reply to that, I just like how it plays out! It's fast-paced, it's burst-heavy, I like this kind of play.

Eli: I love FFXIV because there a lot of different kind of PvP modes. Feast is for competitive play but if you more relaxed PvP you can go to Frontlines. It’s hard to compare to other games because FFXIV has more than just one mode.

Q: Why do you think the PvP scene in FFXIV is so inactive, in every server?

Soup: There a stigma in the community, people share the idea that PvP is bad in FFXIV so of course the new players won’t try it because this idea is so common. Square Enix has to do more about PvP in general.

Dacien: The Fan Festival is a good way to promote PvP. The Feast rewards also helped to get more people playing, and people want the PvP mounts.

Eli: The game doesn’t introduce new players to PvP, and when you are at maximum level [60], you just don’t think to do the quest to unlock PvP. And it was the same problem at level 50. Also, it’s harder to join PvP alone and to explore everything about the gameplay. There are many options to queue and you don’t know which one to choose. So ultimately a lot of people just don’t really try PvP.

Q: What do you think about an “unranked 4 vs 4” mode? Would it be better to introduce player to PvP?

Eli: Maybe, though now with the Garo event, the queue time is almost instant, not like before the event. At the time, we had to organize ourselves to push people to queue for Seal Rock or Shatter, and it was hard to reach people to do this at this time.

Q: What do you think about the chat restrictions in Feast since patch 3.5?

Dacien: There are some good things, but also bad things. New players don’t know what to do and they can’t ask for some tips or other things to help the team. The macros are not enough for effective communication.

Q: But is the PvP community of FFXIV so toxic that they had to remove the chat?

Eli: Well there were many reports of toxic players, and some of the new players could experience flaming from other players. Maybe we sometimes use hard words, but it’s just in the thrill of the battle. The main idea remains to be able to share information: how many medals people must take, when to come back, when to use mana regeneration for healers... Now if we could use a lot of macros to communicate, we could warn about important things.

Egg: Yeah, the number of macros is not enough, if they give us an option to create our own macros it would be better. Macros are not like chatting, you can create useful macros in each situation.

Eli: And it makes no sense that the chat restriction is also used for premade teams in the Feast. We are all using voice chat to communicate, but some people don’t use voice chat and when we focus a target, it’s easier to use the chat and to put a number on the target.

Q: It is really strange that they want to promote pvp on one side, but to give less liberty for players to properly communicate in the Feast. By the way, do you want to see SE putting more attention about the PvP scene and to create more events around the Feast?

Egg: Absolutely, we have a great foundation for PvP right now, but people are not introduced to PvP by the game, so that’s contradictory. PvP need to be more accessible to new people, and they must be guided to improve themselves.

Soup: People have to be introduced to things like using macro, buffs, timers...

Eli: Maybe putting more quests around PvP, in order to teach people slowly what they have to do and how they have to manage some things. There's nothing like that now.

Dacien: I don’t know what to say right now. [laughs]

Egg: Also, the Feast need to more accessible, but also there needs to be a system to push people to continue to play the Feast. For example, sometimes Feast is totally dead and people are sitting on their rank until the end of the season.

Dacien: League Of Legends has implemented decay on the top 100 list. In FFXIV, the #1 player can stay safe really during a long time. People can rush the first place and not play anymore until the end of the season.

Eli: For example, in the middle of the seasons (November – December for Season 3), people stop queuing because they are safe and they don’t want to lose 200 points in a bad day.

Dacien: Implementing decay would be great to keep an active leaderboard.

Q: What are your feedback about the PvP mentor functionality?

Egg: Maybe it’s better to put a harder requirement to get PvP mentor status.

Eli: Everyone can put the status and that’s really weird.

Egg: Maybe we can create a specific chat in-game for PvP questions managed by PvP mentors, so as to share experience but also avoid wrong answers by inexperienced PvP mentors.

Thanks you guys for taking the time to answer these questions, and keep winning like that. - Axxou                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0236746-ec1bac2056cb55e6fd86b1ec4185fd33.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006007 00000000000 015334  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        By the 1980s, however, common bacterial pathogens, including certain strains of Staphylococcus aureus, were increasingly found to be resistant to antibiotics. A particularly pernicious strain, methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, has become a widely recognized cause of serious disease and death. Well-known pathogens like Streptococcus pneumoniae (the causative agent of many pneumonias) and Salmonella are more frequently found to be resistant, and difficult-to-treat infections with these pathogens are becoming more common. Dr. Margaret Chan, director-general of the World Health Organization (WHO), did not mince words when she warned last year, "the world is heading toward a post-antibiotic era, in which many common infections will no longer have a cure and, once again, kill unabated."

Epidemiologists now contend that we have entered the next transition -- one marked by, among other things, the increasing resistance of bacteria to antibiotics.

UNDERSTANDING RESISTANCE

When a physician prescribes an antibiotic to treat an infection, he or she will select the specific antibiotic and dose that are most likely to cure the disease. If the wrong antibiotic is chosen or the dose is too low to treat the disease, some bacteria -- those most resistant to the drug used -- will survive and reproduce, allowing the disease to return or prolonging the resolution of the infection.

Most of the food animals fed antibiotics are not diseased. Nor would the amounts they receive be high enough to treat disease if they were. Rather, food animals are continuously fed small quantities of antibiotics throughout their lives to make them grow faster. Today, the overwhelming majority of antibiotics in this country -- nearly 80 percent -- are sold for use in food animals, not humans.

The development of resistance is Darwinian evolution on a microscopic scale. Bacteria compete with each other for limited resources. Some bacteria are more susceptible to antibiotics than others, and become less able to compete when exposed to an antibiotic. Repeated exposure to an antibiotic will continue to make resistant bacteria better competitors, allowing them to increase their numbers relative to the susceptible organisms -- especially when continuously exposed to the low doses of antibiotics typically used in industrial food animal production. This practice facilitates and promotes the development of antibiotic resistance -- and threatens public health.

Resistant bacteria have been shown to remain in the animal as it is raised and slaughtered, and to persist on the animals' meat following slaughter. Exposure to these bacteria can lead to infections that do not respond to treatment, as evidenced by recent outbreaks of foodborne illness. Hannaford grocery stores recently recalled ground beef after 19 people in seven states who ate the beef were sickened by resistant Salmonella Typhimurium. Late last year, Cargill Meat Solutions recalled more than 36 million pounds of ground turkey after 136 people in 34 states fell ill with resistant Salmonella Heidelberg.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0236694-39cd347386e7677ca7b63062f67bfca1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004153 00000000000 015063  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Provide aid to the citizens of the U.S. Virgin Islands. Provide food, water, medical aid and assistance to help save the people who have been left homeless and without enough provisions and shelter to sustain life since being hit by Hurricanes Irma and Maria weeks ago.

The U.S. Virgin Islands is still a U.S. Territory, therefore it is the responsibility of the U.S. Government to come to their aid in a time of crisis. This is a population of over 100,000 citizens who are primarily Black, and they are just as entitled to the Government assistance and aid afforded to those on the mainland. Race should not be a factor when it comes to taking care of our own. When it comes to the suffering of people of color, this government's response has been woefully inadequate to the point of gross negligence. We cannot allow this to continue indefinitely. Even FEMA's response at this point is almost too little, too late.

Many islands have experienced devastation, but the U.S. Virgin Islands deserve far better than what they are receiving right now. Don't forget the U.S. Virgin Islands, it appears that everyone else has, and that needs to change NOW.

Like Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands also sees around 90% of the territory still does not have power and the majority of the population are still without drinkable water. FEMA is only now sending inspection teams to the United States Virgin Islands. It is vital that after emergency aid is already prepared and instantly deployed once the crisis has ended. This did not happen for the Virgin Islands and every day that does not see a concerted effort to send adequate aid leads to Black people suffering.

It is incumbent upon Congress to ensure that the people of the U.S. Virgin Islands receive the aid they need. Victims of Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands have been neglected by the current administration and deserves better. Add your name and let your member of Congress know that we all demand that the Virgin Islands receive the same amount of aid that people on the mainland would receive, and aid that is necessary to rebuild a strong and sustainable home.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0236622-8913203e2e1349244b509d0637aadd6f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007371 00000000000 014672  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        AAMI Park is the best venue in the A-League, and Melbourne Victory will pick up points freely now that they’re playing out of a proper football ground.

Saturday night’s Melbourne derby was a humdinger of an affair – tight and tense until the end – and it looked like it would finish scoreless until Melbourne City goalkeeper Dean Bouzanis’ moment of stoppage-time madness.

Bouzanis has had plenty of decent games in a City jersey, and it hardly seems fair to pin an entire defeat on the solitary figure between the posts.

Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Reddit Email Share

But having sprayed wayward passes throughout the entirety of the 90 minutes – despite constantly being lauded for his distribution – is it really worth picking a goalkeeper for his passing ability if he’s going to concede a penalty after failing the rather more critical task of collecting a cross?

To put it another way: does the art of actual goalkeeping play second fiddle to the cult of possession in the world of modern football?

Perhaps City would have been better served with Eugene Galekovic between the posts, but the hosts could at least breathe a sigh of relief at the sight of Ross McCormack coming off the bench barely a week after it was thought he would miss the rest of the season.

And McCormack had his work cut out from him in a typically ferocious derby, thanks in no small part to the raucous atmosphere raining down from the stands.

Victory can thank the fact they had Mark Milligan on the pitch for converting their spot-kick – he’s a much better penalty taker than Besart Berisha – but it was the away fans massed at the northern end of the ground who played their part in creating a vociferous atmosphere inside the ground.

Advertisement

Advertisement

Is the Victory home end back in full force? There’s no denying the fact active fans have been badly treated in the past, but it’s probably also safe to say that some A-League fans are quick to find the first available excuse to avoid attending games.

But both Victory supporters, and the small but passionate contingent of City fans, helped produce the sort of atmosphere we see more commonly in Europe – and the derby itself was so much better for it.

It’s a far cry from the sort of atmosphere we see at Westpac Stadium every fortnight – which is a shame, because a visit to Wellington is arguably the best away trip in the A-League.

Wellington itself is fantastic – the city is cool, the food and drink is superb, and you can happily engage in a spot of pub-hopping en route to a stadium that sits within a comfortable walk from the CBD.

Even the weather is suitably moody, and when the dark clouds roll in over Wellington Harbour, you could be forgiven for thinking you’re about to watch a game somewhere in Europe.

That is, of course, until you see the empty seats. The Phoenix didn’t even bother to announce the attendance on Saturday.

And they were never at the races as soon as Sydney FC got out of second gear, and having comprehensively crushed the Kiwi club thanks to a Bobo hat-trick in their 4-1 win, the Sky Blues are another club that would do well to lift their attendances.

That won’t be a problem for Victory for the rest of the campaign – their upcoming home game against the Mariners in Geelong duly noted – and now that they’re back at the venue they share with City, they can play in front of the sort of atmosphere that helps bring out the best in players like Berisha and Leroy George.

Advertisement

Advertisement

Adelaide United host the Mariners tomorrow to round out the Christmas action, and here’s hoping it’s a suitably festive Boxing Day encounter.

As for today, I hope you have a very Merry Christmas and I wish you all a Happy New Year – one filled with plenty of fantastic football!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236599-932a5f5e33e7186bb9520fa770d3ca58.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010040 00000000000 015045  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        About

Space is about to get serious....

Frog God Games is known for its lethal adventures and fantastic places. Our iconic treks have sent vast numbers of players down to face dark adversaries beyond the reach of the sun. Fighting,dying and fighting again they have faced the blackest pits of a Demon's abyss.

Well, where else can we find new challenges?

May we suggest the first step is looking up?

The Starfinder Roleplaying Game

Paizo, the powers behind the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game, are completing the final system check on the highly anticipated release of the Starfinder Roleplaying Game. Based on the robust, yet familiar The Pathfinder Roleplaying Game, The Starfinder Roleplaying Game will be taking fans of The Pathfinder Roleplaying Game forward in time and to the edge of space where familiar races, powers and creatures have been unleashed.

Now beyond the bounds of their home world they traverse and expand into the dark reaches. Where cryptic cultures, xenomorphic horrors, and merciless enemies are scattered across alien worlds. New technologies, arcana and untapped alien arcana can be discovered in the vastness of space.

Which is where we come in...

Science Fantasy Frog God Style

Frog God Games is pleased to present to you its Starfinder Roleplaying Game Compatible Line, which, with your help, will release alongside Paizo's highly anticipated Starfinder Roleplaying Game: Core Rulebook ™ (expected August 2017). We have seen the rules and are very excited to be supporting Paizo's foray into Science Fantasy.

The Starfinder Roleplaying Game compatible releases from Frog God Games consists of two full-color, 8.5 x 11 Hardcover Books: The Planetarium and the Tome of Aliens and a folio of six poster maps all available in both print and PDF format.

Planetarium

Where to land?

Presented in full-color, Frog God's Planetarium contains over a dozen new worlds filled with creatures, cultures and civilizations. Apex lifeforms, post-apocalyptic undead, and extraplanar dragons are found within these pages. All for your use as settings with built-in adventure seeds ready for the Starfinder Roleplaying Game campaigns you will be enjoying soon.

Need an ocean world? A high-tech planet? How about unexpected destinations like comets or gas giants? Detailed write ups of those and more are included in the Planetarium. Full color art and cartography for each planet (when appropriate) are provided by the talents of Alyssa Faden, Terry Pavlet, and Colin Chan.

Tome of Aliens

Space may be cold but no player is going to feel lonely. Not with the Aliens coming from Frog God. This full-color book contains over 120 creatures for the Starfinder Roleplaying Game. With a copy of the Tome of Aliens your extra-terrestrial needs will be satisfied. Each one is designed threaten your party using a similar creature creation philosophy to all of our popular fantasy products (basically, when in doubt lean toward scarier and hungrier).

The full color art was commissioned from outstanding artists gauranteeing the production values will be worthy of the quality beasts, sentients and, others dreamed up by our authors.

The Tome of Aliens will be out of this world. With your help it can get even better.

Starship Deck Plans

Alyssa Faden has designed and detailed six spacecraft- each with different purpose and style. Inside a protective folio are our Starship Deckplans posters- six poster maps with your game in mind. They will be released in both PDF and printed format. The interior of each ship is mapped and labeled for use at your gaming table. Each is in vivid color designed to look great whether used with virtual or old-fashioned tabletops. Oh, and the hyperdrives aren't disabled!

Samples by Starship Design Specialist Alyssa Faden.

Concept ships that might be your ride!

The PDF files are printable and we give owner's permission to print them at ANY size for personal use. The folio's poster maps were planned for your table's 28mm needs.

The dimensions are-

Three maps using 6 panels (each panels being 8.5 x 11, so 17"x33")

Three maps using 4 panels (3 maps of 17"x 22")                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0236753-61e252085c2797bb9dff7cc08f7331a7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000110220 00000000000 015044  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Whoo, this took me a while. It’s a lot of counting, but I finally got it done. Next week, we’ll be all caught up!

6.09 - Battle of the Bastards

I still can’t believe the episode is actually called this.

Surface-level ridiculousness aside, there’s the matter of what this episode title actually says. And that is that the conflict of importance is between Jon Snow and Ramsay, who haven’t even met and whose sum total of interaction was one letter, the reading of which was more important to Sansa’s characterisation than Jon’s. Nor does this episode title keep the stakes of the battle in view - control of Winterfell, the righting of Bolton usurpation, the ability to mount an effective defence against the White Walkers.

I also want to say right off the bat here that Sapochnik can fucking direct. In this regard, both this episode and the next episode look fantastic. But much like the actors, there’s only so much he can do to prop up lazy, thoughtless writing.

(2:11-13) Deaths: 1, 2, 3.

(2:23) This is what I mean about good directing. Here we have a slow drawing backwards from the devastation in Meereen to Dany watching it all. Sapochnik’s direction makes Dany’s back more expressive than her face was at the end of the the previous episode, precisely because the shot choice makes it very clear what she’s looking at and from what perspective.

(2:55) I don’t understand this bit here. Rather than owning up to any mistakes, Tyrion is frantically and somewhat comically denying them. I think these few lines were supposed to be somewhat comedic, due to the dissonance between “the city’s on the rise!” and the repeated trebuchet impacts, but I don’t understand why. Tyrion’s failures here are significant. Logically, they should be affecting how he understands his own strategy in Meereen. No matter how you slice it, Tyrion’s failed massively here by not keeping an eye to the city’s defenses.

The other thing here is that this scene isn’t about Dany. It’s about Tyrion. Dany’s primary interest is defending Meereen and establishing her hold over the city; if that was the interest being catered to in this scene, Grey Worm and Missandei would be in the room helping formulate a strategy. Tyrion’s primary interest is validation from Dany, and so his selectively articulate opponents within her command structure have gone somewhere to do something else so that he has a clear floor to spin his actions unopposed. The tension here derives primarily from what Dany thinks of Tyrion. His standing is in jeopardy - oh yeah, and so is Meereen, incidentally.

(2:58) “The rebirth of Meereen is the cause of this violence. The Masters cannot let Meereen succeed. Because if Meereen succeeds, a city without slavery, a city without masters, it proves that no one needs a master.” This does not address Dany’s problem of a city under siege. This addresses Tyrion’s problem of a liege who is unimpressed with his actions. He’s not acknowledging failure and trying to fix it, he’s denying that there was a problem in the first place.

This argument doesn’t hold up as an excuse for what’s going on outside. If Tyrion anticipated violence as a result of his economic success, how is it that he’s manifestly unprepared for the fight? I’m not seeing a political genius at work here, nor a mastery of political and economic philosophy, I’m seeing self-serving ass-covering. More to the point, I’m seeing writers trying and failing to write characters smarter than they are.

(3:17) To which Dany replies, “Good.” This is a bit of a non-sequitur. Tyrion just gave her an if/then, and I have no idea what Dany thinks is good about it. Meereen’s success? The violence outside? Proving that nobody needs a master? The conditions Tyrion has argued exist? Grammar!

(3:23) Tyrion asks, “Do we have a plan?” Which one of them has been in the city all this time again? Who’s the one who’s met directly with the enemy’s envoys?

This also points to another shortcut to depicting intelligence that the writers have been taking - thinking of a good plan is hard. It’s much easier to show your smart characters are smart by having them poke holes in someone else’s plan. We’ve seen it repeatedly with Davos criticising Stannis, and Sansa criticising Jon Snow. Here we get another layer of ugly in that this dynamic is supposed to position Tyrion not just as smarter than Dany, but reasonable to Dany’s unreasonable.

(3:53) For the temporary convenience of Tyrion’s plot, the writers have decided that Jaime totally told Tyrion the full truth of what happened in King’s Landing at the end of Robert’s Rebellion. Jaime wasn’t using that characterisation anyway.

It also foreshadows the events of next episode. How convenient!

(4:35) Note that the scene ends just as Tyrion suggests an alternate approach, which is way better than Dany’s only you’re never going to hear him explain its merits, just ooh and ahh as it unfolds without a hitch.

(6:01) Unforseeable! Who would ever have guessed that the Mother of Dragons might consider using her dragons? What needed to be established earlier is that the Masters thought that the threat of using the dragons was a bluff, and that nobody would ever actually use the dragons on them. As it is, this looks like “oh shit! We just remembered! Dragons! With military applications!” The CGI work on Drogon is stunning, though.

As for the rest of the negotiations, yeah, I got nothing, incredibly clever to come to parley with the offer of no u.

(7:06) Nicely timed breaking out of the pyramid from Rhaegal and Viserion! They either read the script of heard the dramatic swell of Dany’s theme music.

(7:25) Deaths: another 5, bringing the total to 8. The Sons of the Harpy are having an impromptu slaughter outside the gates for some reason.

(7:29) Deaths: 10.

(7:31-32) Deaths: 11, 12.

(7:36) Deaths: 13.

(7:38) Deaths: 14, 15.

(7:42) How do these armies keep sneaking up on places?! Does nobody keep a lookout? And this is probably the season’s least egregious apparating army.

(7:56) Deaths: 16. Daario kills a Son of the Harpy.

The aerial shots of Dany and her dragons over Meereen are the highlight of the episode for me. It’s just such a nicely done action sequence in and of itself.

(8:32) Deaths: 18. Dany kills two sailors, turning Drogon on a ship.

(8:35-37) Deaths: 19, 20. Dany kills two more sailors.

(8:48) Deaths: 21. Dany kills a fifth sailor.

(8:54-55) Deaths: 26. Dany kills five more sailors, bringing her kill count to ten.

(9:01) Deaths: 27. Dany kills an eleventh sailor. It’s absolutely implied to be more, but that’s just the deaths I saw.

(9:13) Now that Tyrion’s dilemma is solved by persuading Dany that he was right, Grey Worm is totally amenable to Tyrion’s plans.

(9:54) Ditto Missandei.

(10:24) Deaths: 29. Grey Worm kills two of the negotiators, in quite flagrant violation of the terms of their pact themselves. Oh ho, aren’t they clever, killing two of the Masters when they said they’d just kill one. Guess everyone should know not to surrender to Dany. Seriously, by all means strip these people of their wealth, execute them for their slaving crimes afterwards, but these customs of parley have to be upheld and enforced or nobody can have a parley.

(11:40) “You don’t have to be here.” “Yes, I do.” I like that exchange. Good characterisation for both Jon and Sansa.

(12:29) Ramsay here mentions that Jon deserted the Night’s Watch. Anyone else? Anyone?

(13:36) Two things, one good, one teeth-grindingly typical flaw. The good - the way Ramsay keeps slipping “bastard” in to refer to Jon Snow. Shows his own insecurity, legitimate tactic to needle Jon. The flaw - “I keep hearing about you.” Footage not found, because this plot has been unforgivably rushed and strangely focused on people telling the Starks to rack off. They missed a step in their storytelling.

(14:05) This, I think, was actually one of Jon’s brightest moves all season. What does Jon lose by offering single combat? Nothing. What does Ramsay lose by refusing single combat? Well, if the writing was better, he should have lost respect at a critical time, as Jon points out. Compare Robb in season one, where he could safely refuse because he’d just proved his mettle in the field, changing the context of the offer so that accepting would have come across as hubris.

(14:24) Note Sansa participating in this conversation in spite of Ramsay’s presence and taunting.

(14:54) Note Sansa interrupting Ramsay with a death threat. And she rides off…before Ramsay says a damn thing about starving his dogs.

(15:17) Come to that, note Jon holding it together in spite of Ramsay’s repeated taunts about raping Sansa. Not the slightest hint of an outburst. All season, he’s kept it together well in this regard.

(16:07) Hey, it’s what Jon just mentioned! Military commanders in Westeros must be seen to be appropriately brave and daring and such, and only a solid track record of success (such as book!Stannis’ record) can help offset commanding from the rear. Therefore, there’s a political argument that Ramsay should consider starting the battle in the field rather than sitting it out behind his defensive fortification.

(16:17) Jon also engages in what should have been more foreshadowing - Ramsay’s army doesn’t want to fight for him. Thus far we’ve not seen the slightest hint of disloyalty, so this becomes another informed attribute, and again reflects poorly on Jon’s intelligence.

Sansa’s in the background looking unhappy.

(16:26) I hear that the shooting of this episode’s big battle was woefully mismanaged. I believed that the instant I heard it. You know why? Tormund’s concerned about Ramsay’s horses - not his disciplined infantry, which ends up posing much more of a threat to the Starks than anything else. Add that to Jon’s comments about an eleventh hour betrayal, I’m thinking this scene was scripted to set up a battle that wasn’t shot. If that’s the case, this scene needed to be redone.

(16:33) Jon says that “we’re digging trenches.” Not we will dig trenches. That’s in progress, apparently.

(16:48) Just so we know exactly the sort of manoeuvre Jon’s talking about, he puts it three different ways. Just go with the simplest version first.

(16:58) Establishing that it’s vital to hold position and make Ramsay charge. Also established: the need for the reserves to stay exactly where they are, so that when Ramsay does charge, he’ll be surrounded. Note that it’s Davos’ plan, not Jon’s.

(17:11) Man called ‘cunt’: 1.

(17:19) Jon talks about trying to make Ramsay angry, and Sansa sits in the background, glares, and says nothing.

(18:10) Sansa starts chewing out Jon for not asking her about Ramsay’s temperament. This is just. Just. It’s so lazy. It honestly makes my brain hurt how lazily and carelessly this scene was written.

Since she reunited with Jon, Sansa has been if anything more assertive than him in conversations with their advisors. Every political scene, save perhaps the ones with the Free Folk, has proceeded with Sansa willing, able, and welcome to contribute. Nobody on her own team has once tried to stop her talking - they haven’t always taken her advice, obviously, but nobody’s said “stop trying to help, Sansa.” The closest anyone’s come was Jon and his “you don’t have to be here” which is quite clearly based on the hurt she could suffer rather than how appropriate a woman’s presence might be in the discussion. This is supposed to be ‘sexist guys not asking Sansa for her expertise and opinion,’ but what I’m seeing is the men around Sansa quite reasonably assuming that if she had something to say, she’d speak up - like she’d been doing consistently and in far more interpersonally hostile situations, for the last half season. Including speaking up to Ramsay’s face a few hours before this scene.

It’s also apparent once again that nobody on Team Stark has talked to each other about anything of importance. They’re not even talking about the basic building blocks of a campaign with each other, things that both parties should know they need to discuss (needed to discuss, past tense, a few episodes back). I just keep coming back to the fact that it’s the writers who are ignorant, and haven’t been willing/able to compensate in a sensible manner. It’s all well and good to have these characters not agree and not get on very well, but this is some fake conflict right here.

(18:27) Sansa here makes a point of saying that Ramsay is better at manipulating people than Jon. True, but there was no need for the antagonism with which she said it. Seriously. If she’d honestly been slighted by Jon in the preceding conversation, I’d be way more sympathetic about catering to the male ego, but she wasn’t. Sansa’s picking a fight with Jon (and giving bad advice badly) for no better reason than the writers apparently want her and Jon to be rivals. Who gives a fuck about Sansa’s characterisation?

(18:48) Back to the point about Team Stark not talking about anything of importance - Sansa and Jon have not conferred about their siblings.

(19:04) Sansa’s claim that Rickon won’t live long in Ramsay’s care is somewhat undermined by the fact that Ramsay has kept Rickon alive for several episodes - and utterly ignores the fact that there’s good reason for not killing him in any way attributable to Ramsay. (If Sansa still believes “the North remembers.”)

(19:14) Like I said, this is lazily written. Sansa’s very, very upset about not being called on in class - but when Jon says “okay, Sansa, what should I do?” she says “I don’t know!” There’s no “he’s going to kill Rickon in front of you to make you charge him - be ready for it.” There’s no “he prefers to fight with a bow and shows favouritism to archers.” No “he’ll sacrifice ten of his own men to kill one of yours.” There’s nothing. No alternative course of action. No plan. No insight. Why wouldn’t Jon ignore the person whose only contribution is “you’re doing it wrong” with nothing to say about how it could be done better?

(19:30) Oh, and now we follow bad with worse!

One, Jon did let Sansa know his plans to attack Winterfell shortly, two episodes ago. She argued against it. She chose not to bring her strongest arguments to bear, and between that and not hearing back from the other Northern houses Jon (reasonably) decided that conditions were as good as they were ever going to get, and that they should think of a plan suited for a smaller force and do their best. “When will we have a larger force?” is an entirely valid question, and one Sansa needed to answer two episodes ago.

Two, Sansa’s still not offering anything better. If Jon had listened to her then they wouldn’t be in this situation now - but what does this do to fix the problem now, when all Sansa has to offer is “can’t help you, Jon!”

Three, and this is the big one. Sansa is lying. She has a good answer to “when will we have a larger force?” and is choosing to stay mum. If she tells Jon about the Knights of the Vale, he goes out there, rounds up some scouts, and sends them down the Kingsroad to meet and coordinate. He rejigs all their plans around stalling until the reinforcements arrive and getting into a position where Ramsay can be most effectively flanked by the Vale’s cavalry. I’ll come back to the consequences of this lie later. For now, I’ll just continue to hammer on the theme of Sansa lying because um reasons.

(20:19) “No one can protect anyone.” Strong, tough, cynical Sansa has seen the light…so to speak. It’s everyone for themselves. Collective action is futile and foolish. How I hate grimdark.

(20:55) Davos is sounding very anti-Stannis here, saying it was Stannis who defeated Stannis rather flippantly. Characterisation? Who needs that.

(21:19) Man called ‘cunt’: 2. In the context of Tormund telling Davos why he’s very very wrong to have cared about Stannis, of course.

(22:40) Melisandre sighting! It’s been a while!

(22:57) Jon goes to ask for advice from someone else and receives the helpful advice “don’t lose.”

(23:08) Also, legit dealing with Jon’s resurrection! It’s also been a while! It’s like he never died at all.

(23:31) In the ongoing saga of Mel’s humbling, she admits that she interprets the Lord of Light’s signs as best as she can.

(25:15) In the dark and the snow in the middle of the Northern countryside, Davos kicks over the exact log to reveal Shireen’s half-burned stag. What a coincidence. This may even remind him of who Shireen was.

(26:13) Theon making jokes about Tyrion’s height is also footage not found. Tyrion being an ass to Theon, on the other hand, that footage we can find.

Oh yeah, Yara and Theon are here now. They didn’t play any part in the battle that might have affected their characters or their relationship with others. They’re here to deliver ships. That’s all.

(26:52) “And [Theon] paid for it.” “Doesn’t seem like it.” Aah, mixed feelings! On the one hand, no, Theon has not faced the true consequenes of killing the orphan boys he passed off as Bran and Rickon. Unlike book!Theon thus far, show!Theon seems to appreciate the full gravity of the crime. On the other, I am so uncomfortable with the continued messaging that Theon deserved what Ramsay did to him and that he didn’t deserve to escape that treatment.

Also, notice how Dany doesn’t have a dedicated reaction shot. There is nothing to indicate to the audience that Dany is actively listening and forming her own opinions. She’s sitting in the background like a statue while Tyrion does the speaking.

(27:06) Dany first speaks here, after almost a full minute of Tyrion talking with Theon. Totally ignoring Yara, by the way. What a consummate professional. What diplomatic mastery.

The writers understand quippy dialogue. They don’t understand politics. And instead of trying to improve their understanding, they’re doubling down on dialogue that sounds nice and has no substance. While I’d normally be all for writers playing to their strengths as much as possible, this lack of understanding, and the focus on writing clever-sounding dialogue, is now opening up plotholes, inconsistencies, and implausibilities. It’s well past time to work on ameliorating the weakness.

(27:20) What went for Tyrion goes for Dany. They’re both ignoring Yara, even after they’re aware that Yara’s the one claiming. And why weren’t they aware of this going into this meeting? Um. Reasons. Please ignore the fact that neither Dany nor Tyrion did their homework.

(28:05) Theon continues to do most of the speaking, offering the military details and the narrative of how the Greyjoy siblings came to Meereen.

(28:25) There’s that sensitive nuanced representation I’ve been looking for! After the show revealed Yara was into women, she starts hitting on the very next woman to cross her path, no matter that this may not be the most appropriate time and place for flirting (while her brother does most of the talking about politics). Will this trend continue? Have you seen the season seven trailer? Plus queerbaiting, yay!

(28:51) “We’d like you to help us murder an uncle or two who doesn’t think a woman’s fit to rule.” “Reasonable.” I’m sorry, what? Is this exchange supposed to be feminist? How is this anything but a bad cartoon of feminism?

(29:32) Yara has become pro-reaving here. She wasn’t back in Volantis when she was paying the gold price for sex (with a slave), she wasn’t with Balon, she was in the Kingsmoot - script can’t decide whether Yara is Asha or Victarion.

(29:39) Ah, Yara waiting on a nod of approval from Theon.

(29:49) Unlike Theon and Yara, Dany did most of her political talking for herself. So naturally she looks back to Tyrion for a nod of approval. It’s a pattern. It needs to stop.

(30:06) In spite of Jon saying “we’re digging trenches,” present tense, in this aerial shot of the battlefield there is nary a trench in sight. Guys, I think they made massive changes to the shooting of the battle sequence and never bothered to redo the scene that sets up the battle sequence, accidentally making their protagonists look utterly incompetent in the process.

(30:34) Protagonist power denies all need for a helmet. But then again, Jon did have his face smashed into an anvil back in 4.09.

(31:00) Wun Wun is barehanded. He killed seventeen wights in a few minutes back at Hardhome once he had a club. Why would you give him a club now? Or a bow? Geez, maybe Jon wouldn’t have sent scouts to coordinate with the Vale Knights if he knew about them, if this is what he calls putting military assets to use.

(31:23) Ramsay’s 20 good men strike again, this time erecting a bunch of flaming Bolton crosses on the battlefield without the light giving them away. It has to be the 20 good men. Who else has that sort of skill?

Such wanton cruelty seems like it ought to be foreshadowing something…

(32:35) Ramsay led Rickon Stark, on a leash, through his entire army, and nobody batted an eyelid. No reaction. Not even the disapproving looks that Stannis burning Shireen garnered. The North Remembers!

(33:29) Poor Sapochnik’s got his work cut out for him here, trying to make Art Parkinson look shorter than Iwan Rheon.

(34:17) Ironically, and unacknowledged by the script, acting with such alacrity to try and save his legitimate half-brother is one of the best political moves Jon Snow could make. Bastard Jon charging selflessly across the field towards Ramsay Bolton in order to save the last (so far as anyone else knows) trueborn son of Ned Stark? Looks good by Westerosi standards! Very heroic! After that people would find it hard to say Jon didn’t care for his siblings and wasn’t doing his utmost for House Stark.

And, to be honest, I have rarely liked show!Jon more than in this moment, when he puts himself on the line for his brother. What follows is less good, but this itself was right and noble.

(34:30) Starks are too honourable to dodge arrows. This is the only explanation for the dead straight path Rickon takes to Jon.

(34:32) Ramsay starts firing arrows at the last known surviving trueborn son of Ned Stark, in what is clearly a cruel game, and nobody bats an eyelid at this either. The North Remembers!

(35:27) God I hate watching that. Thought Rickon was going to make it? You and everyone who hoped it is stupid. Including Jon Snow. He should have been smart like Sansa and written him off. Deaths: 30. Ramsay kills Rickon. Enjoy a few seconds of watching a young boy choke on his own blood as he dies inches away from his rescuer.

(36:30) Jon cracks and charges. After several seasons of actually being able to control his temper and emotions - including not responding to taunts about Ned, not chasing after Bran when he learned Bran was alive, and keeping it together when a man he knows raped his sister was making jokes about doing it again to her face - he cracks now because the plot demands he cracks. This is admittedly not the biggest stretch here, but I’m just saying, “Jon can’t control his temper” has been consistently untrue for the past few seasons, and breaks just when the narrative needs him to the most.

(36:34) Enjoy a few more seconds of a young boy’s dead body being riddled with arrows as he lies on the ground! Feel bad, everyone. Feel bad.

(37:27) Ramsay surveys what he has done and smirks. I don’t get the writing of this episode, I really don’t. Right up until the end of this episode, Ramsay has no setbacks, no failures. He’s plot-invincible. Here it means he uses the exact same battle plan as the protagonists, but better! Because he is the better plotter! And there is nothing the protagonists can do about it except throw more men at the problem. I don’t understand. I really don’t. The protagonists are already fighting the odds, the episode can work if they’re not also fighting their own incompetence.

(38:19) I do love the moment when Jon’s dramatic slow-mo is cut off and overtaken by the charge from his own side. Very nice. It actually makes me laugh! Yeah, he’s implausibly uninjured, but this is the man who only got a bloody lip from having his face smashed into an anvil.

(38:23-25) Deaths: 31, 32, 33, 34, 35. Not counting the horses. Poor horses.

(38:33) Deaths: 36.

(38:45) Davos mentions that if they fired they’d hit their own men, while Ramsay goes ahead and fires anyway. This is a well-executed contrast, and draws well from Roose Bolton’s tactics of firing on his own men in the confusion of battle (when those “own” men belong to his regional rivals). But again, it seems like Ramsay’s callous disregard for his people ought to be leading up to something…

(38:54-55) Deaths: 38, 39.

(38:58) Deaths: 40.

(39:02) Deaths: 41. I really like how this is shot, I really do. Unlike Dany’s sweeping aerial views of her conflict, this really gets to the confusion and chaos on the ground.

(39:07) Deaths: 42. Jon kills a mook.

(39:10) Deaths: 43. Jon kills a second mook.

(39:14-15) Then his plot armour kicks in again and he miraculously avoids a volley of arrows. Deaths: 44. Jon kills a third Bolton soldier.

(39:18) Deaths: 44.

(39:23) Deaths: 45. Jon kills a fourth Bolton soldier.

(39:28) Deaths: 46. And a fifth.

(39:39-40) Deaths: 47. A sixth and a seventh.

(39:49) Deaths: 48. And an eighth.

(39:52) Deaths: 49.

(39:55) Deaths: 50.

(39:59) Deaths: 51, 52.

(40:03) Deaths: 53.

(40:10) Deaths: 54.

(40:11-12) Deaths: 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60.

(40:17) Deaths: 61. Jon kills a ninth Bolton soldier.

(40:19-20) Deaths: 62. Tenth and eleventh Bolton soldiers.

Throughout all this, the action’s been punctuated by Ramsay calling “nock, draw, loose,” though we only ever hear “loose.” That bit of writing is good, the direction is excellent.

(40:26) Deaths: 63.

(40:29-30) Deaths: 64, 65, 66.

(40:35-37) Deaths: 67, 68, 69, 70.

(40:39) Deaths: 71. Jon kills a twelfth Bolton soldier.

(40:41) Deaths: 72. Jon kills a thirteenth Bolton soldier.

(40:44) Deaths: 73.

(40:45) Deaths: 74. Jon kills a fourteenth Bolton soldier, and he’s starting to sound a little tired and distressed.

(40:48) Deaths: 75. Fifteenth Bolton soldier down at Jon’s blade.

(40:49) Deaths: 76. Sixteenth!

(40:52) Deaths: 77, 78.

(40:54) Deaths: 79.

More importantly, we’re slowly panning out to reveal a giant pile of corpses. This…should not have happened. We saw that the battle was on flat-ish land. No river. No bridge. No rock formations in the way, no walls. Nothing. In medieval battles, these piles of corpses form when there’s a chokepoint of some description. Which isn’t present in this battle. The piles of bodies aren’t going to get that big without some sort of barrier, because without those barriers, the battle can move around the obstacle of the corpses, distributing them more evenly across the landscape.

But it looks cool and that’s all that matters, right? Right.

(41:06) Having established earlier in the episode that Davos hanging back is essential to Stark forces not getting flanked, he compounds Jon’s error by charging as well. It’s official - everyone in a position of power on Team Stark is incompetent. Jon got provoked despite being warned. Sansa’s actively sabotaging their chances of success by denying information. Tormund doesn’t know what a pincer movement is. And Davos is disobeying orders.

Davos even specifically gets off his still-living horse so he doesn’t have the advantage of being a mounted warrior on the field of battle. Amazing.

(41:12) We also cut straight to Ramsay watching this development and reacting to it. Like a battle commander might.

(41:43) Deaths: 80. Jon kills a seventeenth soldier.

(41:50) Deaths: 81. Tormund kills a soldier. He’s got a lot of catching up to do.

(42:19) Jon Snow (who hasn’t had a line aside from “hyah!” or “aaaaaaaaaargh!” for twenty minutes) and Tormund simply watch as the Bolton infantry forms an impeccable shield wall around their forces. This was supposed to be cavalry. They made do with infantry. It’s very silly, because doing this with infantry is so slow, it’s contingent on the entire Stark force taking a halftime break for gatorade and oranges while the Boltons get into position.

(42:24) The aerial shots only make it worse, because you can see how slowly this happens, comparatively.

(43:00) It’s nice that Ramsay’s had time to train up his peasant levies so well and found the money to outfit them with such wonderful, anachronistic tower shields. They do make a lovely shield wall, and move in an impeccably timed fashion.

Copy/pasting from historical battles does not historical accuracy make. Nor good historical synthesis into a fictional universe.

(43:01-3) Deaths: 82, 83.

(43:08) Deaths: 84.

This is supposed to be very serious, as the lack of music tells me, but it’s such a ridiculous development in the battle I can’t stop laughing.

(43:19) Deaths: 85.

(43:34) Deaths: 86. Jon kills an eighteenth soldier.

(43:40) Deaths: 87. Wun Wun kills a soldier.

(43:51) Deaths: 88. Tormund kills a second soldier.

(43:55) Deaths: 89. Jon kills a nineteenth soldier.

(43:58-44:00) Deaths: 90, 91. The Smalljon kills two Free Folk.

(44:02-06) Deaths: 92, 93, 94, 95. Truly amazing gout of fake blood on that last one.

(44:14) We’re depicting the horrors of war here, so have some shots of men with their guts hanging out, men with their legs chopped off, and blood everywhere.

(44:20) Deaths: 96. Jon’s twentieth kill.

(44:25) Deaths: 97. Wun Wun kills a second soldier.

(44:28-9) Deaths: 98, 99, 100!

(44:31-2) Deaths: 101, 102.

(44:35) Deaths: 103. Tormund kills a third soldier.

(45:11-2) Deaths: 104, 105. It’s pretty scary, how this implausible shield wall is backing the implausibly trapped force into the implausible mountain of corpses.

(45:17) Deaths: 106. The Smalljon kills a third man.

(45:19) Deaths: 107. Jon kills soldier #21!

(45:33) Previous establishing shots established the lack of room for anyone to run in this tight little circle of death. But Jon’s forces found the freedom to charge over him because drama.

(45:49) Deaths: 108.

(46:09) Implausibility aside, this moment where Jon’s suffocating is a well-executed one. With the muted audio, it really does feel chaotic and trapped.

(46:30) Deaths: 109.

(47:31) What’s that? A horn? I wonder what it could be!

(47:39) Deaths: 110. Tormund kills the Smalljon. Hey, he might be sixteen kills off the lead, but he did take out a named character/elite mook.

(47:48) Everyone called this moment.

(48:16) Littlefinger (and Sansa) save the day! Or, it’s supposed to be Sansa saves the day. It’s not. Sansa bears a hefty goddamn chunk of responsibility for the deaths today. There’s not much credit to be laid at her door and an awful lot of blame.

If she had told Jon about this force in 6.07, the batttle would not have taken place as it did, saving a lot of Stark-affiliated lives. If she had told Jon about this force earlier this episode, the battle would not have taken place as it did, saving a lot of Stark-affiliated lives. She knew what would persuade Jon to delay the battle, and she didn’t bring that information to bear. This is either stupidity or malice. Out-of-episode comments state that Sansa wanted the credit - so malice it is!

More blame should go to the writers, who created the situation where the only plausible in-universe explanations are stupidity or malice. This save would be just about perfect if Sansa had been in the Vale the whole time, totally isolated from Jon’s planning process, and only rocking up for the first time now.

(48:31) Ramsay looks shocked, shocked! At the fact that his perfectly planned battle has been wrecked by these last minute intruders. If only he had known that Moat Cailin fell at the start of the season! Or that there was a massive army marching up the Kingsroad, all sneaky like!

(48:41) And more to the point, Sansa got a lot of people killed right here. I have a nice picture to illustrate this.

Oops. There’s a reason the camera cuts away from this before you see the Bolton forces crumble.

(48:49) Deaths: 111.

(49:12) It’s time for the named characters to assault Winterfell solo!

(49:32) Deaths: 112.

(49:58) The downfall of Ramsay begins here, as he fails to process that the appearance of the Vale army means that he’s lost. Okay, this is supposed to be a Hitler-esque descent into madness and denial…but such a decision puts Ramsay’s psyche front and centre. What have the protagonists done to earn this victory?

(50:10) Far from betraying him, at the sound of knocking on Winterfell’s gate, Bolton men rally to defend themselves and Ramsay. The Night’s Watch didn’t do this when Wun Wun broke their gate.

(50:56-58) Deaths: 113, 114, 115, 116, 117.

(51:02-3) Deaths: 118, 119, 120.

(51:06-7) Deaths: 121, 122, 123, 124.

(51:20) Deaths: 125.

(51:32) Deaths: 126. Thought you’d seen the end of Jon reaching out to someone he cared about and Ramsay putting an arrow through them? Think again! Ramsay kills his second named character of the episode.

(52:02) This confrontation between Jon and Ramsay could also be spun in an extremely Jon-friendly way. I can definitely see how the average Northerner could come away from the battle thinking Jon was 100% the hero of this particular story. The viewer does not occupy the perspective of the average Northerner. Nor should most of the nobles participating.

(53:17) When Riverrun was retaken, after a mere two episodes in the location, it was the subject of a dramatic montage. Here we have Winterfell, the object of two seasons worth of campaigning, and the replacing of the banners is done in a few seconds, followed by a reaction shot of Melisandre. Because of all the people present, Melisandre would get the most satisfaction from seeing Stark banners on the walls again.

(53:29) Looks like Davos really did remember about Shireen! About time!

(54:00) Jon uses words! It’s been about half an hour since he had a line! That line also establishes that Ned’s bones were returned to Winterfell, because who cares about the ongoing plot thread that’s obviously going to culminate in Ned’s bones being returned to his home in honour and mourned properly by all his surviving children.

(54:31) Ramsay is injured. He’s bound.

(55:34) Wow, when Ramsay’s hurt, his villain lines take a turn for the corny. “You can’t kill me, I’m part of you.”

(55:59) I see the kennel door is open and there is a dog waiting there patiently for her cue. I checked with my editor, but he didn’t seem to think there was a problem with this.

(56:26) “You haven’t fed them in seven days. You said it yourself.” Continuity is a bitch. Literally, in this case. Sansa wasn’t there for that line. Did Jon give her a word-for-word after-action report?

(56:36) This is supposed to be what goes around comes around. Metaphorical and all. But nobody turned on Ramsay. His men fought for him to the death. Even in the battle we saw more Stark forces breaking and running than we did Bolton forces.

Nor was Ramsay defeated by the actions of any protagonist this season. Sansa spent most of the season lying, sabotaging Stark chances to win; Jon and Davos both made massive mistakes in the battle itself. What defeated Ramsay was a third army popping up out of “nowhere", maintained and motivated by Littlefinger for the past two seasons.

The protagonists did not deserve this victory, and Ramsay’s rise and fall were both dictated by the whims of the plot, rather than character writing.

(57:17) Deaths: 127. Sansa kills Ramsay.

(57:49) And Sansa smiles as she walks away, closing out the episode on the note of how empowering we should all find rape-and-revenge plots, rather than justice being done. I still firmly believe what I said here and here, when this episode first came out. These days this show isn’t just a bad show, it’s an immoral show.







Game of Numbers S06E09

Deaths: 127. Series high. It’ll stand for a single episode. Let’s break this down a bit…

Dany kills eleven sailors. Grey Worm kills two Masters. Daario kills a Son of the Harpy. Tormund kills three Bolton soldiers and the Smalljon. Wun Wun kills two Bolton soldiers. The Smalljon kills three Free Folk. Ramsay kills Rickon and Wun Wun. Sansa kills Ramsay, her first kill for the series. But it’s Jon who dominates this count, taking out a full twenty-one Bolton soldiers.

Woman called ‘cunt’: 0.

Man called ‘cunt’: 2.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0236631-c1f8e39806c9e700f03332caeaeed978.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000076140 00000000000 015211  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Evidence is growing that a surface-to-air missile brought down a Malaysia Airlines flight that has crashed in Ukraine killing all on board.

THE Russian government has allegedly been busted editing a Wikipedia entry on the Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 disaster to blame Ukraine.

A Twitter bot which monitors edits made on the site by Russian government IP addresses picked up the changes which were made on a page listing civil aviation accidents, the UK’s Telegraph reported.

The original entry stated that the plane was shot down “by terrorists of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic with Buk system missiles, which the terrorists received from the Russian Federation”.

It was changed to read: “the plane [flight MH17] was shot down by Ukrainian soldiers”.

The Twitter bot issued this alert:

Статья в Википедии Список авиационных катастроф в гражданской авиации была отредактирована ВГТРК http://t.co/peZ60q07Fj — Госправки (@RuGovEdits) July 18, 2014

It translates to: “Wikipedia article List of aircraft accidents in civil aviation has been edited by RTR [another name for VGTRK]”.

‘Security zone’ agreed upon

Ukraine and pro-Russian rebels have agreed to set up a security zone around the crash site, Ukraine’s security service chief said.

Internationally mediated talks “concluded with an agreement to set up a 20-kilometre security zone so that Ukraine could fulfil the most important thing — identify the bodies (and) hand them over to relatives,” Ukrainian Security Service head Valentyn Nalyvaychenko said in televised remarks.

‘Justice for the dead and living’

Prime Minister Tony Abbott has told of the difficulty of investigations into the downed MH17 flight, saying it will be weeks before there are answers for the victims’ families.

He said Australian officials have been deployed to the region.

“Yesterday we saw the smouldering wreckage on our screens, today we have seen some of the faces of the dead,” he said.

“As a nation we need to prepare ourselves for difficult and painful weeks ahead as we strive to find out precisely what has happened and who is responsible.

“My aim is to get justice for Australia, in particular to get justice for the dead and the living. The only way to get justice is if there is a thorough investigation and that means getting access to the site as swiftly as possible ... it’s imperative that the site is made available to investigators without molestation and hindrance as fast as possible.”

Abbott said the area is controlled by rebels and “bodies remain strewn over the fields of Eastern Ukraine”.

He emphasised just how dangerous the situation is.

“Overnight, a monitoring mission from the organisation for the Organisation of Security and Co-operation in Europe did gain temporary access but it was driven off by gunfire presumably from the Russian-backed rebels.

“This does highlight though the difficulty and danger of this mission.”

Attempts to contact the Russian government have been unsuccessful so far.

The Ukraine government had said it would give Australia all the support it needed to access the site to retrieve bodies and protect evidence.

Foreign Minister Julie Bishop will be heading to the US to champion Australia’s campaign at the UN Security Council for an independent comprehensive international investigation with access to the site, debris, black box and any possible witnesses.

The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade have deployed six officers to Kiev and more are on their way, including a five-member emergency response team. Australian Federal Police investigators are also on their way, and more are ready to be deployed as the situation develops.

Contingency arrangements have been put in place to repatriate the bodies, he added.

“Although I must caution this is likely to be weeks, rather than days ahead.”

Ms Bishop noted that for the investigation to proceed, a cease fire around the crash site would be required.

Qantas and Virgin have offered their support for any Australians travelling to the site.

Meanwhile, the Government doesn’t want the MH17 disaster to distract from its G20 agenda despite growing pressure for Australia to bar Russia from attending the forum later this year.

The downing of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 has overshadowed the opening of the G20 trade ministers meeting in Sydney on Saturday, where top officials from the world’s 20 richest nations including Russia have gathered to discuss economic growth.

Treasurer Joe Hockey said there was a “steely determination” to find out who was responsible for the disaster but also not to allow it to distract from the task facing G20 ministers.

“There’s no doubt the events are tragic, just tragic,” Mr Hockey said in Sydney ahead of the G20 meeting.

“But we have to move on with the world, bring those people to justice that were responsible for that horrendous act, but also not allow it to distract us from the challenge of creating a world that has greater prosperity and freedom.”

Nearly 300 people — including 28 Australians — were killed when MH17 was shot down in eastern Ukraine near the Russian border. Suspicion has fallen on Russian-backed rebels, prompting calls for Moscow to be punished with trade sanctions.

Trade Minister Andrew Robb, who met with his Russian counterpart Alexey Ulyukaev ahead of chairing the G20 meeting, didn’t rule out the prospect of trade sanctions if Russia didn’t play ball.

“These are things we need to consider in the goodness of time,” Mr Robb said.

“It is a matter of how Russia responds, co-operates and is proactive in seeking answers.”

Malaysian prime minister’s grief

The step-grandmother of Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak was on board MH17, the country’s defence minister confirmed.

Hishammuddin Hussein, a cousin of Najib’s, said 83-year-old Siti Amirah was “on the flight”. Siti Amirah was also Hishammuddin’s step-grandmother.

“Pls pray 4 her,” he wrote on his Twitter feed above a photo of her in an Islamic headscarf.

#MH17 my step grandmother was on the flight . Pls pray 4 her . pic.twitter.com/vIyYXOqWbC — Hishammuddin Hussein (@HishammuddinH2O) July 19, 2014

The defence minister’s tweet today confirmed an earlier report in the Star newspaper that said Siti Amirah had embarked alone in Amsterdam on board flight MH17 en route to the Indonesian city of Jogjakarta.

She was scheduled to transit at Kuala Lumpur International Airport.

Bizarre account

A top pro-Russia rebel commander in eastern Ukraine has given a bizarre version of events surrounding the Malaysian jetliner crash - suggesting many of the victims may have died days before the plane took off.

The pro-rebel website Russkaya Vesna quoted Igor Girkin as saying he was told by people at the crash site that “a significant number of the bodies weren’t fresh,” adding that he was told they were drained of blood and reeked of decomposition.

Air travel warning

Pilots and aircraft operators are being warned by the Australian aviation regulator to avoid flying over eastern Ukraine, following similar advice from US and European air safety agencies.

No Australian planes are presently scheduled to fly above eastern Ukraine where MH17 was shot down by a suspected surface-to-air missile, killing all 298 people on board.

“Australian air operators and pilots considering operations in eastern European airspace (should) take into account all available safety notices and bulletins regarding flights in the Ukraine region,” the Civil Aviation Safety Authority (CASA) said.

“Particular attention should be given to notices issued by the United States Federal Aviation Administration and the European Aviation Safety Agency.” US aircraft have been prohibited by the country’s Federal Aviation Administration from flying above parts of eastern Ukraine. “The restricted area includes the entire Simferopol and Dnepropetrovsk ... regions,” the FAA said.

“This action expands a prohibition of US flight operations issued by the FAA in April, over the Crimean region of Ukraine and adjacent areas of the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov.”

First photo of pilot

Details of the pilots of downed Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 have been revealed.

The plane with 298 people on board, including at least 28 Australians, was downed about 12.15am Sydney time yesterday.

The flight MH17, a Boeing 777-200, was travelling from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur but was shot down in separatist-controlled eastern Ukraine.

The two captains on the plane were Eugene Choo Jin Leong, 45, and Wan Amran Wan Hussin, 50, according to a list.

A photograph of Leong shows him alongside a motorbike. A family member of Leong’s, who did not want to be named, confirmed that he was on board the plane. Meanwhile, Captain Wan Amran Wan Hussin’s wife reportedly told the New Straits Times that he had contacted her minutes before he boarded the flight.

The mother-of-two was shocked to learn what had happened when she randomly checked her phone.

“I had just finished my prayers and decided to checked my handphone as the battery had earlier gone flat.

“I was shocked to see a message from my children’s ustaz (religious teacher) informing me that a Malaysia Airlines plane had crashed.

“I was taken aback and immediately switched on the television to see what was going on.”

Nationalities of victims

Malaysia Airlines has released a new list of the nationalities of passengers who lost their lives on MH17. It lists 27 Australian lives lost — while the number according to Foreign Minister Julie Bishop is 28, including a dual-citizen.

• Netherlands: 189

• Malaysia: 44

• Australia: 27

• Indonesia: 12

• UK: 9

• Belgium: 4

• Germany: 4

• Philippines: 3

• Canada: 1

• New Zealand: 1

Four passengers’ nationalities have not yet been verified.

The full list of names have been released in the flight manifesto.

Day of mourning

Several hundred members of an exclusive Sydney school community have gathered at a church in the city’s east to hold a special mass for a much-loved teacher killed in the MH17 attack.

Sydney nun Sister Philomene Tiernan was on board the Malaysia Airlines flight

Sister Philomene worked for more than 30 years as a teacher and director of boarding at Catholic school Kincoppal-Rose Bay and was remembered fondly by students yesterday.

“The impact of this is just unbelievable in the whole community,” a year 12 student who did not want to be named said. On a cold Saturday morning several nuns, students and their parents and associates of the school arrived at Saint Mary Magdalene church in Rose Bay for a special mass.

Parish Priest Monsignor Tony Doherty said the special prayer service, which began at 9am, would “focus our grief and loss of such an extraordinary woman.”

The world has been rocked by the tragedy, with people attending a range of memorial sites.

‘Ban Putin from G20’

Australia should consider uninviting Russian President Vladimir Putin from the Brisbane G20 meeting over his government’s “reckless and stupid” actions leading up to the MH17 disaster, Opposition Leader Bill Shorten says.

Mr Shorten said he was fully supportive of the Australian government’s strong stance over the apparent downing of the Malaysia Airlines flight by pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine.

“For an outside nation to have supplied these Ukrainian rebels with this weaponry of war and murder is a very, very reckless and stupid act,” he told reporters in Melbourne on Saturday.

“It is in the interests of resolving what has happened that all of the great powers, including the Russian Federation, support what was said at the United Nations Security Council last night.” The council called for a thorough investigation of the crash. Mr Shorten said the Australian government should consider barring Mr Putin from the upcoming G20 meeting in Brisbane if the country did not support the investigation.

“If the Russian Federation will not co-operate to help resolve and get to the heart of what has happened here, I don’t think Australians would welcome them coming to the G20,” he said.

Royal condolences

Prince William has expressed his sympathy for all those affected by the disaster, noting in particular the impact on Australians.

Speaking at Australia House in London, the Duke of Cambridge spoke of his great sadness.

“For all of us who have lost fellow countrymen and women in the tragedy, words cannot do justice to our sense of loss,” he said. “For Australians, for our Malaysian brothers and sisters in the Commonwealth, the crash is a particularly cruel tragedy, coming so soon after the loss of MH370.” He said his family’s thoughts and prayers were with everyone affected.

The Duke was at Australia House to unveil a statue of Matthew Flinders, the first explorer to circumnavigate Australia.

Australian High Commissioner to London Alexander Downer also spoke about the tragedy, asking for a moment’s silence for those killed.

Obama speaks out

US President Barack Obama has sent his condolences to the families of victims. He has also paid tribute to AIDS researchers and activists who were bound for an international conference in Melbourne.

The president phoned Prime Minister Tony Abbott to discuss the tragedy.

“The president expressed condolences on behalf of the American people to the Australian families who lost loved ones on board the flight,” a statement from the White House said today.

Death toll

Meanwhile, Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has warned the Australian death toll may still rise as investigators work to uncover the identities of 41 victims of the MH17 disaster who are not yet accounted for.

Speaking on Sky News last night, Ms Bishop also confirmed a 28th Australian death is that of a dual citizen.

The Foreign Minister has issued a stark warning to Russia as it becomes increasingly clear that pro-Russian separatists in Ukraine are responsible for bringing down the jet.

Using language that is more direct than is custom in international relations, Ms Bishop made it clear Australia would use its position on the United Nations Security Council to push for an international investigation and warned Russia not to stand in the way.

“Russia has a crucial role to play in all of this. If, as Russia claims, Ukraine is responsible for this, I expect Russia to support a thorough investigation”, she said.

Ms Bishop’s words were backed by the UN Security Council, which passed a unanimous motion calling for a full and thorough investigation.

“The members of the Security Council called for a full, thorough and independent international investigation into the incident in accordance with international civil aviation guidelines and for appropriate accountability,” the council said in a unanimous declaration.

The UN statement expressed the council’s “deepest sympathies and condolences to the families of the victims, and to the people and governments of all those killed in the crash.”

Council members stood in a moment of silent tribute to the 298 victims at the start of an emergency council meeting. The council called for an investigation “in accordance with international civil aviation guidelines and for appropriate accountability.”

It stressed the need for “immediate access by investigators to the crash site to determine the cause of the incident.”

Ms Bishop also said she had been unable to get in touch with her Russian counterpart, who is on holidays, and was told by the Russians she could not speak to a more junior representative.

The comments came after Prime Minister Tony Abbott earlier condemned the initial response of the Russian Ambassador to the MH17 disaster.

Mr Abbott said it was “highly probable” MH17 was “shot down” by what appeared to be a Russian-backed rebel missile.

Yesterday afternoon, the Prime Minister revealed the first response from the Russian Ambassador was to blame Ukraine forces for the tragedy — a response he called “deeply, deeply unsatisfactory”.

The ambassador had been summoned to speak in Sydney with Foreign Minister Julie Bishop, who was seeking assurances Russia would co-operate with investigators and Australia would get access to the crash site.

Mr Abbott repeated his statement made in Parliament that the disaster was a crime and not an accident.

Australia was working for a binding UN Security Council resolution to secure an independent international investigation, he said.

“It’s very important that we don’t allow Russia to prevent an absolutely comprehensive investigation.”

Mr Abbott said Australia was eager to take a leading role in the investigation, given the high number of Australians killed.

“These people were innocent people going about their lives ... And they have been killed by Russian-backed rebels ... Possibly with Russian supplied missiles.”

He had strong words for those that supplied the rebels with the missile.

“Anyone who gave such a weapon to people who were absolutely incapable of using it ... Should feel a sense of shame.”

He said Russia’s involvement would be a test for that country. “There can be no excuses, no buck passing.”

Mr Abbott said there would be a national day of mourning and ordered flags at government buildings to be flown at half-mast tomorrow.

The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said anyone with concerns for friends or family can call the hotline on 1300 555 135.

THE VICTIMS

Malaysia Airlines says there were 298 people on board, not 295 as originally stated. At least 28 of the victims are Australian.

Among the dead are Victorian couple Albert and Marie Rizk, who are believed to have missed an earlier flight and ended up on MH17.

Mr Rizk, a local real estate agent, and his wife, who have two children, were due to return home from Europe today after spending a month abroad on holidays.

Other victims are 27-year-old Melbourne student Elaine Teoh, Sister Philomene Tiernan — a teacher at eastern Sydney’s Catholic girls’ school — and Perth management consultant Nick Norris, who was travelling with his grandchildren.

Denis Napthine, the Premier of Victoria, said it was likely there were permanent residents of Australia travelling on other passports who were also killed in the crash.

The airline confirmed that those on board included 28 Australians, as well as 154 Dutch, 43 Malaysians, 12 Indonesian (including one infant), nine from the UK, four German, four Beligum, three Filipinos, one Canadian. The nationalities of 41 others on the plane were still unknown.

RELATED: The lives lost on MH17

RELATED: Passenger’s tragic last words

RELATED: The families that should have been on MH17

REACTION

Government minister Ian MacFarlane has played down the possibility that Vladimir Putin could be excluded from the G20 summit in Brisbane in November.

“It’s not a security forum and therefore while we need to be mindful that an investigation does have to take place and we do have to obviously see exactly what’s happened here, in terms of the G20, it is an economic forum not a security forum.”

In the US, Hillary Clinton, the former US secretary of state, and possible presidential candidate, said in a television interview that indications pointed to Russian-backed side and action was needed to “put [Vladimir] Putin on notice that he has gone too far and we are not going to stand idly by”.

“The questions I’d be asking is, number one, who could have shot it down? Who had the equipment? It’s obviously an anti-aircraft missile. Who could have had the expertise to do that? Because commercial airlines are big targets, but by the time they got over that part of Ukraine they should have been high, so it takes some planning [to target such a plane].

“And the Ukrainian government has been quick to blame it on terrorists, which is their name for the Russian insurgents. And there does seem to be some growing awareness that it probably had to be Russian insurgents.”

AIDS CONFERENCE

One of those on board was HIV researcher Joep Lange, who was on his way to Melbourne from the Netherlands to attend the 20th International AIDS Conference, AIDS2014.

As many as 100 of the passengers were thought to be headed to Melbourne for the conference. Organisers have confirmed it will go ahead as planned

“The International AIDS Society (IAS) today expresses its sincere sadness at receiving news that a number of colleagues and friends en route to attend the 20th International AIDS Conference taking place in Melbourne, Australia, were on board the Malaysian Airlines MH17 flight that has crashed over Ukraine earlier today,” a statement from the International AIDS Society said.

“At this incredibly sad and sensitive time the IAS stands with our international family and sends condolences to the loved ones of those who have been lost to this tragedy.”

The event is to be held in Melbourne from July 20-25.

Earlier, Ukraine’s Interior Minister Anton Gerashchenko was quoted as saying the plane had been shot down by a ground-to-air missile.

According to CNN senior US officials have concluded the plane was shot down but were divided over the origin.

“One radar system saw a surface-to-air missile system turn on and track an aircraft right before the plane went down Thursday,” CNN is reporting.

A second system saw a heat signature at the time the airliner was hit.

RELATED: Russian rebels ‘likely responsible’

RELATED: Warnings ignored on Ukraine’s airspace

INTERCEPTED PHONE CALLS

The Security Service of Ukraine (SBU) has reportedly released recordings of intercepted phone calls between Russian military intelligence officers and members of terrorist groups that took place about 20 minutes after the crash.

One call was apparently made by Igor Bezler, who the SBU says is a Russian military intelligence officer and leading commander of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic.

Igor Bezler: “We have just shot down a plane. Group Minera. It fell down beyond Yenakievo (Donetsk Oblast).”

Vasili Geranin, a colonel in the main intelligence department Russian Federation armed forces then asks: “Pilots. Where are the pilots?”

Bezler replies: “Gone to search for and photograph the plane. Its smoking.”

"We have just shot down a plane" (translated) 2:23 An audio recording purports to show Ukrainian separatists admit to downing passenger jet, MH17. Courtesy Security Service of Ukraine/YouTube

A second call was between militants nicknamed “Major” and “Greek” about 40 minutes later.

“It’s 100 per cent a passenger (civilian) aircraft,” Major is recorded as admitting that he had seen no weapons on site. “Absolutely nothing. Civilian items, medicinal stuff, towels, toilet paper.”

Australian Federal MP Christopher Pyne said there was no doubt that the plane was shot out of the sky. But Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said that at this stage it had been unable to verify the cause of the tragedy.

Earlier Mr Gerashchenko told the Wall Street Journal pro-Russia rebels had set up a ground-to-missile battery near the Russian border by the town of Snizhne.

“They clearly thought that it was a military transport plane that they were shooting at,” he said. “They were the ones who did this.”

WHAT HAPPENED?

The plane appeared to have broken up before hitting the ground, and the burning wreckage — which included body parts and the belongings of passengers — was scattered over a wide area.

It came down near the town of Shaktarsk, in the Donetsk region of Ukraine, and shocking photos of bodies among the wreckage have been posted on Twitter.

“Malaysia Airlines confirms it received notification from Ukrainian ATC that it had lost contact with flight MH17 at 1415 (GMT) at 30km from Tamak waypoint, approximately 50km from the Russia-Ukraine border,” the carrier said in a statement on Facebook.

Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko called the downing an act of terrorism and called for an international investigation into the crash.

Some are blaming Russia for allegedly supporting the separatists but a spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin said allegations that Russia had been involved in the incident was “stupidity”.

Mr Putin has blamed Ukraine for the crash, “Undoubtedly, the government in whose air space this happened bears responsibility for this terrible tragedy,” a Kremlin statement says.

Putin reportedly opened a meeting with his economic advisers by calling for a moment of silence over the crash.

“This tragedy would not have happened if there were peace on this land, if the military actions had not been renewed in southeast Ukraine. And, certainly, the state over whose territory this occurred bears responsibility for this awful tragedy,” he said, according to the statement.

The village of Grabovo is currently under the control of the separatists and the area has seen severe fighting between the two sides in recent days.

SEPARATIST MOVEMENT

Ukraine is a country in crisis. The region where MH17 went down has seen severe fighting between Ukrainian forces and pro-Russia separatists in recent days. Ukraine has been in crisis ever since pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych was driven from office in February by a protest movement among citizens wanting closer ties with the European Union. Russia later annexed the Crimean Peninsula in southern Ukraine, and pro-Russians separatists in the country’s eastern regions began occupying government buildings and pressing for independence. Moscow denies Western charges it is supporting the separatists or sowing unrest.

SEPARATISTS BLAMED

In a statement, Mr Poroshenko said the plane “disappeared from radar screens”.

“In recent days, this is the third tragic accident after the Russian territory were downed aircraft AN-26 and SU-25 Armed Forces of Ukraine. We do not exclude that this aircraft was also shot down, and stress that the Armed Forces of Ukraine did not commit any action to defeat the purposes of the air,” Mr Poroshenko added.

A defence expert told the BBC that shooting down a plane at that height would have required a long-range surface-to-air missile — possibly guided by radar.

This is the surface-to-air missile Ukraine says shot down Malaysia Airlines plane http://t.co/8zlp4cZutk pic.twitter.com/XHSlJJj7dL — Washington Post (@washingtonpost) July 17, 2014

Oleg Tsarev, one of the leaders of the breakaway Donetsk People’s Republic, told Time that the rebels did not shoot down the plane.

“We don’t have weapons that can take down a plane from that altitude,” he said, minutes after news of the crash broke.

But there are reports that rebels did have an anti-aircraft military station and the Russian state media even congratulated the rebels on their new Russian-made Buk missile launchers seized from a Ukrainian air force base.

“The Donetsk resistance fighters have captured an anti-aircraft military station,” the Kremlin’s main television network Vesti announced three weeks ago.

Since then there have been regular downings of Ukrainian aircraft including an AN-26 military transport plane, which was shot down on Monday. Its four crew members were taken hostage after they ejected from the aircraft, rebels later confirmed.

According to The Telegraph, the DPR also posted a Twitter picture of a missile system that it captured when it overran a Ukrainian army garrison on June 29.

A spokesman told Voice of Russia radio at the time: “The forces of the Donetsk People’s Republic assumed control of A-1402 (regiment’s) military base” and boasted of capturing the Buk launcher.

A similar weapon was reportedly seen by an Associated Press journalist on Thursday in Snizhne.

As news spread of the crashed Malaysia Airlines flight, the separatists deleted the Twitter photo of the captured missile system.

A raft of global airlines, including Air France, Turkish Airlines and Lufthansa, swiftly responded to the disaster by saying they had been avoiding airspace over eastern Ukraine due to safety concerns.

Qantas has confirmed that it has not flown the route across the Ukraine in recent months because it recognised the risks presented by the separatist conflict, during which the aircraft were being shot down.

They were further advised on Thursday to avoid Ukraine’s airspace

In France, a statement by junior transport minister Frederic Cuvillier said he had advised “French airlines to avoid Ukraine’s air space as long as the reasons behind this catastrophe are not known.”

A stunning picture of the world's airplanes avoiding Ukraine right now. Diverted via Russia Airspace. #MH17crash pic.twitter.com/ZFaT8qb65g — MH17 Crash News (@Planesonearth) July 17, 2014

Delta Airlines says it will not route flights through Ukrainian airspace "out of an abundance of caution" - pic.twitter.com/X9UFILf6S9 — ABC News (@ABC) July 17, 2014

FLIGHT PATH

Flight MH17 departed Amsterdam at 12:15pm (Amsterdam local time, 8:15pm AEDT) on Thursday and was scheduled to arrive in Kuala Lumpur at 6:10am (Malaysia local time, 8:10am AEDT) the next day.

A Malaysian official tonight told a news conference the flight path was approved by the International Civilian Aviation Organisation and was in unrestricted airspace.

The plane disappeared from radar when flying at 10,000 metres cruising altitude, Interfa-Ukraine reports.

The Daily Beast reported the plane’s “black box” was on its way to Moscow for “investigation”.

But the head of Ukrainian Emergency Situations has since reportedly claimed that search efforts at the scene are being hampered by “armed terrorists”.

In response to the disaster Thai Airways said its flights to Europe have been rerouted to avoid Ukrainian airspace.

The company didn’t say when the route changes were made effective or how many flights were affected.

America’s FAA (Federal Aviation Administration) has also banned US flights from entering the airspace of eastern Ukraine. Via Mashable.

“The FAA has made official what most airlines were already doing: American flights are barred from entering the airspace of eastern Ukraine “until further notice,” the agency says. Flights were already officially barred from Crimea and surrounding areas.”

Malaysia Airlines has lost contact of MH17 from Amsterdam. The last known position was over Ukrainian airspace. More details to follow. — Malaysia Airlines (@MAS) July 17, 2014

A armed pro-Russia separatist stands at the site of the #MH17 plane crash (via @reuters) http://t.co/AXVkcMyATS pic.twitter.com/Ml0AeIDcYU — New York Post (@nypost) July 17, 2014

The crash comes just four months after the mysterious disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, which remains missing.

Malaysia’s prime minister Najib Razak said he was “shocked” by the reports. “We are launching an immediate investigation,” he said.

The Kremlin said US President Barack Obama and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin had discussed the crash over the phone.

He said US would offer any assistance it could to determine what happened.

“Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of the passengers, wherever they call home.”

A statement from the White House said there needed to be a “full, credible and unimpeded” investigation and urged all concerned — Russia, pro-Russians separatists and the Ukraine — to agree to an immediate ceasefire so investigators could gain access to the crash site.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0236676-2e7aced8f8b2d565cba65ed12fd7f093.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003034 00000000000 015431  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Image copyright North West One Image caption Plans were unveiled to the general public on Thursday night in Derry

Plans for Crescent Link in Londonderry could create more than 500 jobs, according to developers.

The £45m 'North West One' development, including housing, a supermarket and a cinema, has been put forward by KPMG, the administrators for GSB Guernsey.

Revised plans were unveiled to the public on Thursday night.

Former planning minister Alex Attwood rejected the original proposal in 2012. It has since been amended.

The planned retail development has been reduced in size from about 80,000 sq ft to 50,000 sq ft, while it would no longer feature a three-storey office block and a healthcare unit.

'Impressive'

"We hope to get the application lodged before the end of February," said Alan Mitchell from the developer.

"It will be a genuine mixed use scheme with a food store, a cinema, housing, restaurants and family friendly areas like crèches and coffee shops.

"We have been speaking to well-known brands that are not yet represented in Derry.

"We hope to create around 250 construction jobs over the two-year construction period.

"Once the scheme goes fully operational we'd expect around 510 jobs to be created."

The Kilfennan roundabout and surrounding roads will be assessed by KPMG and the Department of Regional Development.

DUP councillor Joe Millar, who lives in the area, said: "This has been a derelict site for some time and this is very much needed.

"These plans are at the early stages but it's very impressive so far."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0236757-8e3525275c317c60a4e501ee6e9c7033.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007156 00000000000 014710  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In these times more than ever, we need unity. Such is the ethos driving Unity Through Sound, a label founded in this socially conscious commitment to bringing people together, and one born in a common celebration of sound system culture as not only a genre, but a tradition of general assembly infamous for its social power and subversive, counter-cultural history. Nevertheless, a young imprint that previously began with its first release from New Zealand bass wizard Headland, Unity Through Sound is back for UNITY002, this time featuring long-time scene veteran, Foundation Audio head-honcho and Bristolian bad-boy, Chad Dubz.

UNITY002 begins the proceedings with “Drained”, opting to offer listeners an unapologetic crash course in roots dubstep, and in doing so, definitely succeeds in delivering the serious sound system pressure we all crave to be hearing at the sonic depths of eighteen-inch speakers, somewhere in a distant dance. A brooding track from the onset, the percussive work of Drained is painted with a true dread; hi-hats dancing and convulsing as the track opens, whilst an eerie, interstellar synth bleeds its strange mood around the core of the tune, expanding until the main body of this track is unleashed with salvos of heavy, oscillating LFO attack. The track boasts a classic, early 00’s dubstep sensibility that is impressive as it remains authentic whilst also innovating the sound with a certain ‘lazy’ tread that is being favoured by newcomers in the scene. Chad Dubz also chooses to augment Drained with some tastefully placed ‘rough’ samples; the cocking of a shotgun barrel, a telephone ringing, slapstick combat effects, a bong bubbling, samples that do not feel like afterthoughts, but instead merge with the percussive kilt of the song to provide some essential ambience and groove that really elevates this track into becoming a more refined, honed work of sound system art.

The second track on UNITY002 is the aptly named “Dubaholic”; a celebration of sound system culture incarnated in a more dubwise experience than it’s precursor. Building and evolving with respect to steppa sensibility, born in dubstep’s notorious Caribbean roots, we are welcomed by an orchestra of sound; opening with a dusty sample, we immediately drift into that distant sunrise of percussion laden with echo, reverberation, and off-beat synths plonking with all the warm, rhythmic vitality of reggae. The focus on ambience and the layering of samples is minimal, allowing for a potency of bassweight administered when the tune finally delivers its spiritual evolution of dub into the dubstep canon with weighty groove and resounding, gritty bass stabs. A wailing alto sax also haunts the tune, adding a sombre mood that is also spliced and stuttered by Chad Dubz with taste and subtlety at different instances throughout. However, in terms of layering and composition, the tune is minimal perhaps to the point of sounding too hollow or shallow at times; indeed, it would be interesting to experience UNITY002 at a dance and see how fully realised it could become and what it could inspire in an audience, as I’m sure will be happening soon enough throughout Chad Dubz’s home turf in Bristol and surely around the UK. All in all, UNITY002 is a stellar release from Chad Dubz that is certain to be doing the rounds in forthcoming dances, just as Unity Through Sound are undoubtedly a new label to be closely watched in their aspirations as to a means of social change, as well as, sound system justice.

UNITY002 is released March 31st and available to pre-order from Unearthed Sounds, Redeye, Juno, Intense Records and the Unity Through Sound Store.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236744-5a9ff20c0dc188b4f3d0e002481d84ee.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011045 00000000000 015166  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Associated Press, upset that some in the online world might be stealing its audience by reprinting brief quotes from news stories and then linking the source, embarked on a recent campaign to curtail the practice. The AP sent DMCA takedown notices to the Drudge Retort, a sort of left-wing counterpoint to the infamous Drudge Report, and Retort owner Rogers Cadenhead published the news on his blog. Reaction was nearly instantaneous, apoplectic, and mature, with Techcrunch's Mike Arrington "banning" the AP from his site and CUNY media professor Jeff Jarvis crafting a curt headline of his own: "F U AP."

In retrospect, it's hard to know just what the AP was thinking here. The merits of the case hardly come into the matter; like a slurry of chum to hungry sharks, bloggers get a little crazed by anything involving 1) the DMCA, 2) the chance to stomp on the grave of mainstream media, and 3) invitations to be outraged over fair use limitations.

The combination set off a feeding frenzy that even made its way into the New York Times, where AP vice president Jim Kennedy offered some soothing words. "We are not trying to sue bloggers," Mr. Kennedy said. "That would be the rough equivalent of suing grandma and the kids for stealing music. That is not what we are trying to do."

On the other hand, the AP has not withdrawn its DMCA takedown notices.

The Drudge Retort seems a curious place for the AP to start a campaign to reform linking and quoting practices across the web. The objectionable quotes in question are all under 80 words (many are 30 or 40) and link back to the original AP source. Users posted them to the site for the purposes of starting a news discussion on various topics.

The AP objects that this isn't fair use. "AP considers taking the headline and lead of a story without a proper license to be an infringement of its copyrights, and additionally constitutes 'hot news' misappropriation," wrote an AP lawyer. The idea appears to be that posting the first few paragraphs of a news story, especially a breaking one, really does amount to republishing the heart of the piece verbatim, and it might be enough to keep users from checking out the original source.

Jim Kennedy, responding in the comments sections of popular blogs, tried to explain the situation by saying that "we get concerned when we feel the use is more reproduction than reference, or when others are encouraged to cut and paste. That's not good for original content creators; nor is it consistent with the link-based culture of the Internet that you and others have cultivated so well." He goes on to add that "there are many ways to inspire conversation about the news without misappropriating the content of original creators."

While fair use is what makes quotation possible in news sources, and the exemption for news and commentary is well-established, fair use is never something that is absolutely known in advance. Because of the flexibility of American fair use law, one never knows if something is "fair" until a judge rules on the issue. Each case involves a four factor test that looks at:

the purpose and character of your use

the nature of the copyrighted work

the amount and substantiality of the portion taken, and

the effect of the use upon the potential market.

Should cases like this ever go to court, the AP would no doubt argue that a "substantial" portion of the work was used (factor three), enough so that people didn't visit the original story (factor four), and that the use wasn't "transformative" because most of the posts in question had little user content beyond the quote (factor one). All of these are debatable, of course, but the point is that they would actually need to be debated before a judge in order to know if the use in question was fair.

Whatever the legal merits of the AP's position (and Columbia law professor Tim Wu doesn't think they have a case), the other part of the equation here is public perception. As Scott Rosenberg, one of Salon.com's founders, put it in a blog entry of his own, "Since bloggers are some of the most avid consumers of news, this sue-your-customers strategy is likely to be about as effective as the RIAA's was."

Note that both the AP and its opponents here can use the RIAA legal campaign as shorthand for "how not to stop online activity" (the RIAA must enjoy that). Given that the AP is itself aware of the dangers of "suing grandma," we probably won't see bloggers targeted in a major way for incorporating AP quotes into stories, but the organization does seem intent on changing the rules that the online community plays by. Good luck with that, AP.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0236764-6ab930c2f7ee150426fffa7788c3b1fc.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011721 00000000000 015266  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Most people who use Perl seriously have seen Damian Conway‘s book Perl Best Practices. It was, and is, an important book and has a lot of interesting discussions in it.

I don’t find all the suggestions in PBP to be useful, though. Since I’ve just been thinking about them, I thought I’d write them up. Why not go through them all?



At $WORK, I’m currently on a team that’s using all the things in that book which can be handled automatically via the Perl::Critic toolset. That tool has several settings; we’re using one called “brutal”. We are allowed exceptions to that rule, but you have to comment them with a reasonable reason, and the code reviewer can push back on that reason. None of us have been too pushy on that, but it keeps us honest.

On new code, the strictest settings are achievable, and many have benefits. Having the team working all together and having the same expectations has a lot of benefits.

I’m not going to reiterate the practices in detail; they’re in the book. I’m going to post my observations and opinions. That’s all these are; my opinions. I don’t intend to start giant flame wars or heated arguments, nor am I saying anyone who disagrees with me is some kind of idiot. They are no kind of idiot; we merely disagree on a minor technical point.

I’ll begin with the Preface.

The Preface introduces the concept of the book, and encourages you as the reader to think about the suggestions carefully, even if they sound awkward at first. It also discusses how, even if you don’t agree with every one of – or even any of – the suggestions that the examination and consideration makes you a better engineer, and helps you write better code.

I agree with this wholeheartedly and enthusiastically. This may be one of the most missed points in the book. To think and decide what you do, instead of falling into old habits or copy and pasting what you see in front of you. To know why you do something helps you understand what you are doing at every level.

At it’s heart, this is what the book is about, and I think it is a really important thing for Mr. Conway to have said. I found it enlightening when I first read it in 2005, and still find it useful today.

The weakness of the book is that many people don’t do this. They simply say, ‘That’s what is says in PBP!’ and do things mindlessly. They cling to tools and dogma too closely and don’t stop and consider what they’re doing or why. “It said so in The Book!” is not a good reason to do things, at least in my opinion.

There is, of course, nothing Mr. Conway, or Mr. Thalhammer, who wrote Perl::Critic, can do about this. This is human nature; some people want to be told The Right Way and will cling to it no matter what.

Chapter 1: Best Practices

This chapter goes into more detail about why style and consistency matters, and ways to improve style to improve programs as a whole. This was the first place in the book I found myself agreeing with much of what Mr. Conway had to say, but disagreeing with many of his concrete examples.

For example, the book suggests that “appending _ref to the name of every variable that stores a reference makes it harder to accidentally write $array_ref[$n] instead of $array_ref->[$n], because anything except an arrow after _ref will soon come to look wrong.” I agree with the sentiment of what he’s saying there; habit helps you get things right. The example, however, I find weak.

I worked in an time where many C/C++ shops put the variable type in the name, including if it was a pointer, and what kind of pointer. Code like this was common:

char far * lpszDirectoryName = "c:\\foo";

This was useful because you had to be able to tell, editors were primitive, and the compiler was more so. As tools improved, and we could easily hover over something and see what type it was, and as the compiler got better at identifying pointer mismatches automatically, it became burdensome.

It also became wrong, as soon, all pointers were far pointers, and then we simply didn’t care any more, yet our variable names had this soup of unpronounceable cruft at the start. Newer engineers actually didn’t know what they meant.

I don’t think there’s a reason to use _ref, for if you have a reference $array[$n] will fail very quickly, and you’ll fix it. The compiler can tell; you don’t have to burden yourself with looking at it every time you see the variable. I think it’s much more important to know what’s in that array than that it is a reference to an array.

The advice I would offer instead is never to use arrays or hashes. Always use references. Then any reference is always with the -> notation, and you are always prepared to pass them to functions.

So: Good idea, not an example I agreed with.

The section on changing habits being hard is very well thought, and I agree with most of it. Except the examples, but they’re not the point.

I’ll dig into a Practice next. Probably one a day, to keep the posts shorter, as this one’s gotten kind of long.                                               0236752-cf6cfe4cd2a82201712be4eb142b6ec3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007417 00000000000 015322  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Published on December 26th, 2015

The Israel Sailing Association decided Wednesday, December 23, not to send two young windsurfers and their coach to a windsurfing competition set to begin Sunday in Malaysia after organizers did not agree to allow them to compete under the Israeli flag or play the national anthem if they won a medal.

The association announced that windsurfers Yoav Omer and Noy Drihan and coach Meir Yaniv would not be attending the ISAF Youth World Sailing Championship in Langkawi, Malaysia.

The association’s union sent a message to the International Sailing Federation, the International Olympic Committee, the organizers of the competition in Malaysia and the Olympic Committee of Israel.

I24 News reported that the Israel Sailing Association head Gili Amir said: “Because to this day they have not received visas, 24 hours before their planned departure, and the limitations and difficulties imposed on us by the Malaysian organizing committee, we decided not to participate in the competition.”

“The organizers of the competition in Malaysia stipulated that in order to participate in the competition the Israeli athletes would have to compete without an Israeli flag and without any symbols associated with the state of Israel on their clothing and surfboards as well as not playing the Israeli national anthem if any medals were won,” Amir added.

Amir said that the Malaysian demands were unacceptable and since the windsurfers did not receive their visas, Israel decided not to participate. “We condemn the unsportsmanlike conduct of the organizing committee of the competition,” Amir said. “We will not accept being humiliated and we are looking into making a claim against the International Sailing Federation and the host country, in coordination with the Olympic Committee of Israel.”

Richard Gladwell, Sail-word.com NZL reported that the effective banning of the current world champions from the World Sailing (formerly ISAF) Youth Sailing Championships has been dismissed by the Malaysian authorities. The reason given by the Government is that Visas have not been issued because Malaysia does not have any diplomatic ties with Israel.

A report in the Malay Daily Online on Christmas Day quotes Youth and Sports Minister Khairy Jamaluddin saying that Malaysia accepts the withdrawal of two Israeli athletes from the Youth Sailing World Championships in Langkawi, two days before the event gets under way.

He indicated that there wasn’t much that could be done to help the Israelis who held Malaysia accountable for their absence at the world windsurfing tournament, as Putrajaya has to abide by its diplomatic policy.

“We accept the decision by the Israeli Youth Team to withdraw from participating in ISAF YWC 2015. As this is a diplomatic issue, we are guided by the existing policy of the Malaysian Government,” he told Malay Mail Online when contacted for response.

World Sailing issued a statement regarding Youth Sailing World Championships saying “World Sailing is aware of recent news articles regarding Israel’s attendance at the upcoming Youth Sailing World Championships in Langkawi, Malaysia.

World Sailing has been in liaison with the International Olympic Committee (IOC), the Malaysian Olympic Committee, the Israel Sailing Federation and the Organising Authority of the 2015 Youth Sailing World Championships to grant Israeli sailors and coaches entry into Malaysia for the event.

Israeli sailors were granted entry by the Malaysian Authorities under certain conditions that competitors sailing in Langkawi have to adhere to. World Sailing were informed on 24 December by the Israeli Sailing Federation of their decision not to send representatives in the Boys and Girls windsurfing events in Langkawi.”

Event website – Entry list – Latest news – Facebook                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0236290-afc4f35b6f0d52e6f54a75fedce9aa38.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002637 00000000000 015511  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        FOR SALE: BUY MY DUMP!



Buy My Dump: By now I suppose you all have seen my Houston investment rental property that had been trashed. Yes it's doing the rounds on various blogs, news sites and forums.





Well I have to sell it.



Basically I was underinsured and my insurer will NOT pay for the tenant damage. I'm pretty jaded by the whole thing but I want to just walk away from it. Problem is it has a mortgage over it so I need it sold. A savvy Houston area investor could pick up a bargain. The place should be worth around $80,000 any figure that would clear my mortgage could very well land you this place. Serious bidders can email me at buymydump@gmail.com for an address, plans, rental figures and repair estimates.



My highest current bidder is sitting at $38,900 .



If you haven't keep abreast of the news the short version of the story is that I had a resident who had an outstanding balance for over a month and no one could get ahold of her. The Bookkeeper went inside after so many tries to leave a note and this is what she found:



The pictures do NO justice. There is suppose to be 2 cats living here but I can't find them (I think they're dead somewhere inside the apartment-I contacted the SPCA). The place REEKS to say the least, I gagged non stop. If you're good with a scrubbing brush this could be bargain of the century for you...















































Buy My Dump - More Pictures                                                                                                 0236749-0a3917793e7d6ca3bb25be34d404b1a8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010364 00000000000 015113  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        When you’re trying to rebuild a football program like Rutgers, a head coach can’t sit back and let his assistants do all the work.

He can’t just be a closer.

Chris Ash needs to have a Clayton Kershaw mentality to recruiting as opposed to a Mariano Rivera type approach, and since taking the job in Piscataway in December he’s been right there in the middle of everything, regularly communicating with Rutgers’s top targets.

It continued to pay off times two on Tuesday with a verbal from brothers and Holmdel (N.J.) St. John Vianney teammates Micah Clark and Jamaal Beaty. Both gave their commitment to Ash and the coaching staff and both offensive linemen spoke with Ash two to three times a week.

But this article isn't just about what Ash is doing. From top to bottom you can feel the energy from the entire coaching staff on the trail. Watch how fired up they got on social media following a pledge. With Clark and Beaty, they had daily communication with offensive line coach AJ Blazek as the assistants are working overtime to keep the top prospects home.

Clark and Beaty are commits No. 4 and No. 5 for the Scarlet Knights in 2017, and every verbal thus far hails from in-state.

Taking this narrative to another level, according to the industry-generated 247Sports Composite Rankings, Rutgers hasn’t signed a Top10 player in the state since the 2013 recruiting cycle.

Zero, zilch nada.

Top prospects bolted Jersey for Big Ten foes Ohio State, Penn State or Michigan, or they left for the ACC and SEC. However looking at this class already, Clark is in the boat as the top-ranked recruit in the state, a Top100 prospect nationally. Receiver Bo Melton, who committed last Friday, is the No. 6 player in the state. 247Sports is a lot higher on Melton than its peers, as we rank him as a four-star recruit, the nation’s No. 19 receiver overall and No. 127 nationally as opposed to the No. 51 receiver and No. 332 overall that the 247Sports Composite has him.

Point blank, the old staff wasn’t getting guys like Clark and Melton, and typically they weren't even in the conversation.

“They seem more willing to get involved with the guys,” Timber Creek coach Rob Hinson said of the new staff. His cornerback Naijee Jones is a verbal to Rutgers. “This year’s coaches clinic was the most attended they’ve ever had at the school. They’re doing something in conjunction with the Football Coaches Association more. They’re getting on the road more and they’re having more coaches clinics in the next month or so.”

Ash has also hired a nice blend of personalities.

“They’re definitely a more energetic younger staff,” Hinson said. “Seems like the guys have a little more to prove. The previous staff was a good group of guys but this staff they’re grinding, working their tails off and their energy is crazy right now.”

The energy at Clark and Beaty’s house is also crazy.

“We’re ecstatic,” Lorraine Beaty said. “I don’t think we can get any happier.”

The new staff quickly earned her trust.

“It’s awesome,” she stated. “Oh my god, it’s an excitement and just being there and when you watch practices and everything its truly amazing. My boys could probably explain it better than I could but I just stand back in awe. I can’t even explain it. It’s good though. It’s a good feeling. All the kids and other teammates are excited about what (Coach Ash) is doing there. I could see it in their faces. The players are really happy. That’s what you need. The excitement is there.”

Beaty is pumped to be staying local for college.

“It’s a great feeling to be committed to Rutgers,” he said. “To be home, to have the New Jersey talent stay home and everybody follow us.”

Both he and his brother are ready to help Ash’s vision for the program come to fruition.

“I like Coach Ash a lot,” Beaty said. “He’s like a father figure to me. They’re trying to recruit in New Jersey. The old staff didn’t really recruit me and I felt they tried to recruit more out of state instead of keeping kids in-state. He’s trying to make sure he gets all the good recruits from New Jersey to say home.”

Perhaps the in-state magic will continue this week for Rutgers as the Scarlet Knights are expecting a big turnout for Saturday's spring game.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0236773-160cd2c7d0d17d4e2231e1f4db525d61.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000031203 00000000000 015071  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        RIP, Aaron Swartz

Click for ongoing posts about Aaron, his memorial service, his death, and the malicious prosecution brought by the DoJ against him



To the extent possible under law, Cory Doctorow has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to "RIP, Aaron Swartz."

Update: Go read Lessig: "He was brilliant, and funny. A kid genius. A soul, a conscience, the source of a question I have asked myself a million times: What would Aaron think? That person is gone today, driven to the edge by what a decent society would only call bullying. I get wrong. But I also get proportionality. And if you don’t get both, you don’t deserve to have the power of the United States government behind you."

My friend Aaron Swartz committed suicide yesterday, Jan 11. He was 26. I got woken up with the news about an hour ago. I'm still digesting it -- I suspect I'll be digesting it for a long time -- but I thought it was important to put something public up so that we could talk about it. Aaron was a public guy.

I met Aaron when he was 14 or 15. He was working on XML stuff (he co-wrote the RSS specification when he was 14) and came to San Francisco often, and would stay with Lisa Rein, a friend of mine who was also an XML person and who took care of him and assured his parents he had adult supervision. In so many ways, he was an adult, even then, with a kind of intense, fast intellect that really made me feel like he was part and parcel of the Internet society, like he belonged in the place where your thoughts are what matter, and not who you are or how old you are.



But he was also unmistakably a kid then, too. He would only eat white food. We'd go to a Chinese restaurant and he'd order steamed rice. I suggested that he might be a supertaster and told him how to check it out, and he did, and decided that he was. We had a good talk about the stomach problems he faced and about how he would need to be careful because supertasters have a tendency to avoid "bitter" vegetables and end up deficient in fibre and vitamins. He immediately researched the hell out of the subject, figured out a strategy for eating better, and sorted it. The next time I saw him (in Chicago, where he lived -- he took the El a long way from the suburbs to sit down and chat with me about distributed hash caching), he had a whole program in place.

I introduced him to Larry Lessig, and he was active in the original Creative Commons technical team, and became very involved in technology-freedom issues. Aaron had powerful, deeply felt ideals, but he was also always an impressionable young man, someone who often found himself moved by new passions. He always seemed somehow in search of mentors, and none of those mentors ever seemed to match the impossible standards he held them (and himself) to.

This was cause for real pain and distress for Aaron, and it was the root of his really unfortunate pattern of making high-profile, public denunciations of his friends and mentors. And it's a testament to Aaron's intellect, heart, and friendship that he was always forgiven for this. Many of us "grown ups" in Aaron's life have, over the years, sat down to talk about this, and about our protective feelings for him, and to check in with one another and make sure that no one was too stung by Aaron's disappointment in us. I think we all knew that, whatever the disappointment that Aaron expressed about us, it also reflected a disappointment in himself and the world.

Aaron accomplished some incredible things in his life. He was one of the early builders of Reddit (someone always turns up to point out that he was technically not a co-founder, but he was close enough as makes no damn), got bought by Wired/Conde Nast, engineered his own dismissal and got cashed out, and then became a full-time, uncompromising, reckless and delightful shit-disturber.

The post-Reddit era in Aaron's life was really his coming of age. His stunts were breathtaking. At one point, he singlehandedly liberated 20 percent of US law. PACER, the system that gives Americans access to their own (public domain) case-law, charged a fee for each such access. After activists built RECAP (which allowed its users to put any caselaw they paid for into a free/public repository), Aaron spent a small fortune fetching a titanic amount of data and putting it into the public domain. The feds hated this. They smeared him, the FBI investigated him, and for a while, it looked like he'd be on the pointy end of some bad legal stuff, but he escaped it all, and emerged triumphant.

He also founded a group called DemandProgress, which used his technological savvy, money and passion to leverage victories in huge public policy fights. DemandProgress's work was one of the decisive factors in last year's victory over SOPA/PIPA, and that was only the start of his ambition.

I wrote to Aaron for help with Homeland, the sequel to Little Brother to get his ideas on a next-generation electioneering tool that could be used by committed, passionate candidates who didn't want to end up beholden to monied interests and power-brokers. Here's what he wrote back:

First he decides to take over the whole California Senate, so he can do things at scale. He finds a friend in each Senate district to run and plugs them into a web app he's made for managing their campaigns. It has a database of all the local reporters, so there's lots of local coverage for each of their campaign announcements. Then it's just a vote-finding machine. First it goes through your contacts list (via Facebook, twitter, IM, email, etc.) and lets you go down the list and try to recruit everyone to be a supporter. Every supporter is then asked to do the same thing with their contacts list. Once it's done people you know, it has you go after local activists who are likely to be supportive. Once all those people are recruited, it does donors (grabbing the local campaign donor records). And then it moves on to voters and people you could register to vote. All the while, it's doing massive A/B testing to optimize talking points for all these things. So as more calls are made and more supporters are recruited, it just keeps getting better and better at figuring out what will persuade people to volunteer. Plus the whole thing is built into a larger game/karma/points thing that makes it utterly addictive, with you always trying to stay one step ahead of your friends. Meanwhile GIS software that knows where every voter is is calculating the optimal places to hold events around the district. The press database is blasting them out -- and the press is coming, because they're actually fun. Instead of sober speeches about random words, they're much more like standup or the Daily Show -- full of great, witty soundbites that work perfectly in an evening newscast or a newspaper story. And because they're so entertaining and always a little different, they bring quite a following; they become events. And a big part of all of them getting the people there to pull out their smartphones and actually do some recruiting in the app, getting more people hooked on the game. He doesn't talk like a politician -- he knows you're sick of politicians spouting lies and politicians complaining about politicians spouting lies and the whole damn thing. He admits up front you don't trust a word he says -- and you shouldn't! But here's the difference: he's not in the pocket of the big corporations. And you know how you can tell? Because each week he brings out a new whistleblower to tell a story about how a big corporation has mistreated its workers or the environment or its customers -- just the kind of thing the current corruption in Sacramento is trying to cover up and that only he is going to fix. (Obviously shades of Sinclair here...) also you have to read http://books.theinfo.org/go/B005HE8ED4 For his TV ads, his volunteer base all take a stab at making an ad for him and the program automatically A/B tests them by asking people in the district to review a new TV show. The ads are then inserted into the commercial breaks and at the end of the show, when you ask the user how they liked it, you also sneak in some political questions. Web ads are tested by getting people to click on ads for a free personality test and then giving them a personality test with your political ad along the side and asking them some political questions. (Ever see ads for a free personality test? That's what they really are. Everybody turns out to have the personality of a sparkle fish, which is nice and pleasant except when it meets someone it doesn't like, ...) Since it's random, whichever group scores closest to you on the political questions must be most affected by the ad. Then they're bought at what research shows to be the optimal time before the election, with careful selection of television show to maximize the appropriate voter demographics based on Nielsen data. anyway, i could go on, but i should actually take a break and do some of this... hope you're well

This was so perfect that I basically ran it verbatim in the book. Aaron had an unbeatable combination of political insight, technical skill, and intelligence about people and issues. I think he could have revolutionized American (and worldwide) politics. His legacy may still yet do so.

Somewhere in there, Aaron's recklessness put him right in harm's way. Aaron snuck into MIT and planted a laptop in a utility closet, used it to download a lot of journal articles (many in the public domain), and then snuck in and retrieved it. This sort of thing is pretty par for the course around MIT, and though Aaron wasn't an MIT student, he was a fixture in the Cambridge hacker scene, and associated with Harvard, and generally part of that gang, and Aaron hadn't done anything with the articles (yet), so it seemed likely that it would just fizzle out.

Instead, they threw the book at him. Even though MIT and JSTOR (the journal publisher) backed down, the prosecution kept on. I heard lots of theories: the feds who'd tried unsuccessfully to nail him for the PACER/RECAP stunt had a serious hate-on for him; the feds were chasing down all the Cambridge hackers who had any connection to Bradley Manning in the hopes of turning one of them, and other, less credible theories. A couple of lawyers close to the case told me that they thought Aaron would go to jail.

This morning, a lot of people are speculating that Aaron killed himself because he was worried about doing time. That might be so. Imprisonment is one of my most visceral terrors, and it's at least credible that fear of losing his liberty, of being subjected to violence (and perhaps sexual violence) in prison, was what drove Aaron to take this step.

But Aaron was also a person who'd had problems with depression for many years. He'd written about the subject publicly, and talked about it with his friends.

I don't know if it's productive to speculate about that, but here's a thing that I do wonder about this morning, and that I hope you'll think about, too. I don't know for sure whether Aaron understood that any of us, any of his friends, would have taken a call from him at any hour of the day or night. I don't know if he understood that wherever he was, there were people who cared about him, who admired him, who would get on a plane or a bus or on a video-call and talk to him.

Because whatever problems Aaron was facing, killing himself didn't solve them. Whatever problems Aaron was facing, they will go unsolved forever. If he was lonely, he will never again be embraced by his friends. If he was despairing of the fight, he will never again rally his comrades with brilliant strategies and leadership. If he was sorrowing, he will never again be lifted from it.

Depression strikes so many of us. I've struggled with it, been so low I couldn't see the sky, and found my way back again, though I never thought I would. Talking to people, doing Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, seeking out a counsellor or a Samaritan -- all of these have a chance of bringing you back from those depths. Where there's life, there's hope. Living people can change things, dead people cannot.

I'm so sorry for Aaron, and sorry about Aaron. My sincere condolences to his parents, whom I never met, but who loved their brilliant, magnificently weird son and made sure he always had chaperonage when he went abroad on his adventures. My condolences to his friends, especially Quinn and Lisa, and the ones I know and the ones I don't, and to his comrades at DemandProgress. To the world: we have all lost someone today who had more work to do, and who made the world a better place when he did it.

Goodbye, Aaron.

Click for ongoing posts about Aaron, his memorial service, his death, and the malicious prosecution brought by the DoJ against him

(Image: IMG_9892.JPG, a Creative Commons Attribution (2.0) image from quinn's photostream)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0236736-ae3ac916376c19fff398428023dddcd6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003725 00000000000 015220  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        ​According to tech leaders from Elon Musk to Bill Gates, the robots are coming for our jobs. Luckily for us, they might not be smart enough to get past your office lobby.

Today, Bilal Farooqui, founder of healthcare company CrystalMD, shared a sad but hilarious picture of his office building's security robot slacking off and taking a dip.

Our D.C. office building got a security robot. It drowned itself.



We were promised flying cars, instead we got suicidal robots. pic.twitter.com/rGLTAWZMjn — Bilal Farooqui (@bilalfarooqui) July 17, 2017

It's a fun day here at @gmmb. The super high-tech security robot at our office complex has had a mishap. pic.twitter.com/nhRshrJA9w — Greg Pinelo (@gregpinelo) July 17, 2017





The robot appears to be a Knightscope K5 security robot, which are designed to patrol areas such as office buildings and malls, "gather data with smart eyes and ears," and "guide themselves" through "complex environments."

The "Autonomous Data Machines" are meant to automatically detect "concerns" or "threats" using LIDAR, video cameras, thermal imaging, license plate recognition, microphones, GPS, and proximity sensors.

While no specific claims about water damage are made on the Knightscope website, the company claims that the K5 is "ruggedized and protected against vandalism."

This isn't the first time the Knightscope K5 has made headlines. In April, a drunk man was arrested for knocking over a K5 in Mountain View, California. In July of last year, the K5 allegedly ran over a toddler's foot. While Knightscope says the K5 isn't weaponized, it seems like it's 300-pound weight may be a risk to itself and others.

Update: Knightscope has responded to our request for comment Monday evening, noting that the above was "and isolated event" and the "no people were harmed." While Knightscope did not directly comment on the state of the fallen K5, they said "a new robot will be delivered this week at no cost to the Harbour per our service agreement."





                                           0236788-7537e606355aa12e07a700443e39c008.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003716 00000000000 014537  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Source: Riot Games

With its first LCS academy team, and during the first ever Scouting Grounds draft, 100 Thieves decided to pick up Maxwell “Kaizen” Waldo – a top laner, for the 100 Thieves academy team. I decided to congratulate and interview him to help give everyone a better understanding of who he is and his goals as a player.

100 Thieves News: First of all, Thanks for taking your time with this interview, considering how busy your life is right now with traveling from SG and all. Could you please provide a brief introduction for the 100T fans that don’t know you yet?

Kaizen: My name’s Max Waldo, I’m 18 years old and I started playing league when I was 11. I will be playing top lane for the 100 Thieves academy roster in 2018.

What did you think about the team you played with at SG, from the players all the way to the coach?

Kaizen: I was surprised at how well optic drafted. The players that I ended up with were very skilled and great to work with. I had already worked with Prismal in the past as well so I think I got pretty lucky haha. Zaboutine and Akaadian taught me so much in such a short amount of time. I really enjoyed the entire event.

What were some positive things you did while at SG and some negative things that you believe need to be improved on after competing?

Kaizen: My communication definitely improved as the event went on. My champion pool was seen as my biggest weakness at scouting grounds, and I’m working towards expanding it every day.

What are your thoughts on 100T and it’s future in the new LCS from here on out?

Kaizen: I’m excited to see what it will be like. I didn’t know much about the org going into this, but everything I’ve seen so far only makes me more excited for the future.

Lastly, is there anything you would like to say to your fans, both old and new?

Kaizen: I will only get better, no matter what happens.

To keep up to date with our academy Top laner, give him a follow on twitter

Advertisements                                                  0236647-301918b578011d96ae2240b1f15a91bf.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002007 00000000000 014656  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Not-for-profit internet for Canada's

national capital region

National Capital FreeNet (NCF) is an Ottawa-based, member-governed, not-for-profit alternative to commercial internet service providers.

what we do

NCF offers internet services:

high-speed DSL internet access

email (including webmail and spam filtering)

(including webmail and spam filtering) web page hosting (personal or organizational web pages)

(personal or organizational web pages) discussion groups (community or personal)

(community or personal) support from people in Ottawa (we're local!)

NCF serves thousands of people in the national capital region and hosts hundreds of community organizations, helping to make Ottawa a better place.

how we do it

NCF is a large group of people getting together to share costs, doing something good for themselves and their community, Canada's national capital region. We're governed by our members, and you become a member for free.

Join thousands of national capital residents who get their internet from NCF.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0236770-30108b51587660ee01c1a9f1d0b27b62.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006153 00000000000 014655  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Ryan Giggs is in his 22nd second season in the Premier League, Frank Lampard is in his 19th and Steven Gerrard is in his 16th. However, these players are the exceptions. The ever-increasing competitiveness of the Premier League means there is little space for experienced players over the age of 30. But where do they all go?

Wayne Bridge, the former Chelsea and Manchester City left back, has won 26 caps for his country and has over 300 appearances in England’s top flight. At the same age as Ashley Cole some have debated whether he could still play at his level. However, he has spent the past season in Brighton where he featured in the Championship team of the season 2012/13 and continues to provide his services at Reading. Another former Premier League regular who now plays at Reading is, former Fulham defensive midfielder and captain, Chris Baird.

Jonathan Woodgate spent much of his career sidelined with injury during which he’s appeared for clubs such as Tottenham and Real Madrid. However, his dreams of playing at the top level were short lived as he returned to his hometown club, Middlesborough.

Another central defender who has slipped down to the Championship towards the end of his career is former Arsenal and West Ham centre back Matt Upson. With over 200 appearances in Premiership and 21 caps for England, including 2 goals, Upson is a vastly experienced member of the Championship.

Rob Green and Chris Kirkland are two English goalkeepers who, between them, share over 500 Premier League appearances. Green has 12 England caps and represented his country at the 2010 World Cup. As keepers can play at their best late into their thirties as demonstrated by Edwin Van Der Sar, Brad Friedal and Jussi Jaasskelainen I don’t see why these two old timers can’t play in the Premiership. Manuel Almunia, often regarded as a 3rd choice keeper during his time at Arsenal, wasted his golden years on the bench and now finds himself stuck in bleak north-west London at Watford.

Paul Konchesky, the former Liverpool and West Ham left back, played over 200 games in the Premier League before he dropped to the Championship. Another left back who had previously been employed by the currently highflying scouse club is Stephen Warnock, part of the Liverpool team who won the European Super Cup in 2005. They now play for Leicester City and Leeds respectively.

I’m sure you all remember Jermaine Beckford whose pre Everton hype led to his imminent downfall. As a player who worked his way up the football league to Everton things didn’t seem to work out for him in the Premiership. He scored a disappointing 8 goals in 24 appearances for the Toffees following his free transfer. At the age of only 29 the Championship seems to be the league for Jermaine, who has played for three different Championship clubs since his release from Everton.

Thanks for Reading, you can follow the site @LastWordOnSports and and please take a moment to like our Facebook Page.

Feel free to discuss this and other footy related articles with thousands of fans at r/football.

Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports? Find more info at our “Join Our Team” page.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0236627-d31d9535c2003b34d323256f757acde6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010470 00000000000 014746  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Too Much Sleep Could Signal Dementia More than nine hours a night might spell trouble for the elderly, say medical school researchers

If senior citizens you know are sleeping more than nine hours every night, it could be time to suggest checking for early signs of dementia or Alzheimer’s disease.

A team of researchers led by Sudha Seshadri, a Boston University School of Medicine (MED) professor of neurology, analyzed data from the Framingham Heart Study, the nation’s longest-running epidemiological study. Begun in 1948 and supported by the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI), it has been run by BU since 1971. The researchers found that people over age 65 who consistently sleep more than nine hours every night had twice the risk of developing dementia and Alzheimer’s disease within the next 10 years when compared to those who slept less than nine hours a night. Seshadri says longer periods of sleep can also be a sign of depression.

MED researchers analyzed data from 2,457 Framingham study participants who responded to questions about their sleep patterns as part of their regular medical exams. Over a 10-year period of follow-up exams, 234 of these participants received a dementia diagnosis. By reviewing the responses related to their sleep patterns, the researchers found a statistically significant correlation among those who reported increasing their sleep to more than nine hours a night. Findings from the study, which received funding from the National Institute on Aging, the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, and the NHLBI, were published in February 2017 in the journal Neurology.

The results suggest that longer sleep sessions may be a symptom rather than a cause of the brain changes that occur with dementia. It does not mean that family members should intervene by waking up older loved ones, Seshadri says.

Earlier detection, however, can help patients and their families plan and obtain services and support.

“One of the concerning things can be that before there is a formal diagnosis of dementia, people can sometimes fall victim to scams,” says Seshadri. “They can end up in an unsafe situation, because it’s not recognized that they may be able to drive a car; they may be able to live alone at home, but not respond to something unexpected. Recognizing the signs earlier can provide access to services, can enable people to get the admittedly limited, but valuable treatment options that are available, and could help protect them from potentially dangerous situations.”

The researchers also found that a person’s education level correlated with outcomes. People over 65 without a high school degree who slept more than nine hours nightly had a 600 percent greater risk of later receiving a dementia diagnosis than people with a high school degree.

“There’s a widely accepted understanding that education may be of some benefit in delaying the onset of clinical dementia,” Seshadri says, but it remains unclear whether the difference in risk is because education is associated with a person’s economic status or because brains build more synapses as they are educated. It’s also unclear how sleep may impact Alzheimer’s risk. She says researchers suspect that the longer sleeping time may be activating certain biological processes that could remove amyloid proteins from the brain, or for some other reason.

Seshadri says she hopes that the study will improve our understanding of the role of sleep in preventing dementia.

The researchers are now preparing for publication another study, which looks at the sleep cycles of a subgroup of Framingham Heart Study participants. “The question is, what is the pattern of sleep that is associated with increased risk of dementia?” Seshadri says. “We know it is more hours, but what is happening in the extra hours? Are they in stage 1 sleep, rapid eye movement (REM) sleep, slow-wave sleep? Details like that can help us understand the precise biology.”

Additional questions researchers hope to pursue focus on the biology of the brain. The researchers hypothesize that elongated sleep patterns could be what Seshadri calls “a compensatory mechanism for the brain to clear extra amyloid,” or protein fragments. “It could also just be a marker of early disease,” she says.

Michael Goldberg can be reached at michaelscott@gmail.com.                                                                                                                                                                                                        0236779-3dfca86205752c7e7a1306fa133f8ef1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020734 00000000000 015127  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Americans aren’t in a particularly united state. Voters are expecting a victory for Hillary Clinton. And parents don’t want their kids to grow up like Donald Trump. This is HuffPollster for Monday, October 17, 2016.

AMERICANS CAN’T AGREE ON BASIC FACTS - HuffPollster: “If there’s one thing Hillary Clinton’s and Donald Trump’s supporters have in common, it’s this: Each side thinks the other is not only wrong, but completely divorced from reality. Eighty-one percent of registered voters say that most Trump and Clinton supporters ‘not only disagree over plans and policies, but also cannot agree on basic facts, according to a new Pew Research survey. Just 18 percent think they ‘can agree on basic facts, even if they often disagree over plans.’ ‘Ironically, this is a rare point of agreement among the supporters of Clinton and Trump,’ the survey report notes. ‘Comparably large shares of registered voters who back Clinton (80%) and Trump (81%) say the two sides are unable to agree on basic facts.’ Although this is the first time Pew has asked that question, there’s reason to suspect the inability to agree even on objective reality is heightened in this election compared with past cycles.” [HuffPost]

They’re losing faith in democracy, too - Nathaniel Persily and Jon Cohen: “Large numbers of Americans across party lines have lost faith in their democracy, and many will not accept the legitimacy of this election. Those were the stark findings from a survey we performed from Oct. 6 through Oct. 8 of more than 3,000 registered voters, fully 40 percent of whom say: ‘I have lost faith in American democracy.’ Six percent indicate they’ve never had faith in the system. Overall, barely more than half — just 52 percent — say, ‘I have faith in American democracy.’... More than 6 in 10 voters backing Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton express faith in U.S. democracy, compared with just over 4 in 10 of those backing her Republican rival…. When asked in this SurveyMonkey Election Tracking poll if they would accept the result should their candidate lose in November, just 31 percent say they definitely would see the outcome as legitimate. Nearly as many (28 percent) say it is either “unlikely” that they would accept the result or that they definitely would not.” [WashPost]

Half of Trump supporters aren’t confident ballots will be counted correctly. [Morning Consult]

But the support he’s lost takes him even further from victory - HuffPollster: “The evidence is still coming in, but polls so far suggest that the tape of Donald Trump discussing sexual assault and the ensuing accusations didn’t cause support for the GOP presidential nominee to collapse. Instead, the week’s events seem to have reinforced a downward trend that started at the beginning of the month…. According to HuffPost Pollster’s trend for the two-way Hillary Clinton vs. Trump race, Trump’s numbers began dropping at the end of September after briefly rising as high as 43 percent. He’s at [roughly] 41 percent now ― a small but significant decline. In polls including third-party candidates, there’s been essentially no movement: Trump is stuck between 38 and 39 percent…. It’s possible that Trump’s numbers won’t fall any further and might even increase slightly simply because he’s already this far down…. If the controversy quiets down, some less strident supporters might come back as we’ve seen happen after previous Trump scandals. But the numbers aren’t likely to come back up much. For one thing, the Trump campaign isn’t showing any signs of trying to repair the damage.” [HuffPost]

Sunday’s poll releases continued to show Clinton leading. [HuffPost]

Looking at the numbers today. Two best polls for Trump are that he leads in Utah and is down 4 in ABC/WAPO poll. That's not very good. — (((Harry Enten))) (@ForecasterEnten) October 16, 2016

CLINTON LEADS BY 50 POINTS AMONG LATINO VOTERS - Carrie Dann: “Hillary Clinton is maintaining a 50-point lead over Donald Trump among Latino voters heading into the final weeks of the presidential election, and more Latinos now say they they’re very interested in the November contest, according to a new NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Telemundo poll. The poll found that 67 percent of Latino likely voters back Clinton in a four-way matchup, while just 17 percent back Trump. Libertarian Gary Johnson and Green Party candidate Jill Stein each garner three percent support….the new data also show that interest in the election among Latinos has increased. That’s a boon for the Democratic candidate as she works to build a winning coalition in an election cycle that pits two historically unpopular candidates against each other. What’s more, the increase in interest in the election among Latinos has come largely from groups most likely to support Clinton, including younger voters, Democratic-leaning Latinos and those who speak primarily Spanish.” [NBC]

VOTERS EXPECT CLINTON TO WIN - From a new GW Battleground Poll: “Hillary Clinton is beginning to pull away from Donald Trump in the presidential race, according to the latest George Washington University Battleground Poll….The poll was conducted Oct. 8-13, after a tape of Trump from “Access Hollywood” came to light, and spanned the second presidential debate. Amid those campaign milestones, the GW Battleground Poll found a clear majority of voters (62 percent) think Clinton will win, while less than a third (27 percent) believe Trump will take the presidency….Clinton supporters are much more confident in their choice than others polled….Almost nine out of 10 respondents (89 percent) who will vote for Clinton believe the former secretary of state will win. Sixty percent of Trump supporters think he will win, while more than a quarter (27 percent) of the businessman’s backers believe Clinton will win instead. Most third-party supporters believe Clinton will win (Johnson voters: 72 percent; Stein voters: 64).” [GWU]

FORECAST UPDATE - Hillary Clinton has an 92.7 percent chance of winning the presidential election. Republicans have a 62 percent chance of keeping the Senate. [Presidential forecast, Senate forecast]

PARENTS DON’T WANT THEIR KIDS LOOKING UP TO TRUMP - HuffPollster: “A 75 percent majority of Americans who have kids under the age of 18 say Trump is not a good role model for children, while just 12 percent say he is. In contrast, opinions on Clinton are about evenly split, with 42 percent saying she is a good role model and 43 percent saying she isn’t. GOP parents are considerably less likely to want their children looking up to their party’s nominee. While nearly 7 in 10 Democratic and Democratic-leaning parents think Clinton is a good role model, fewer than one-quarter of Republican and Republican-leaning parents say the same about Trump….Even if they don’t want to see their children grow up emulating Trump, however, most parents aren’t too concerned about the effect the election is having on their kids. Forty-nine percent of parents say they’re ‘very comfortable’ talking with their kids about the election, while 86 percent are at least somewhat comfortable doing so. A small group ― 11 percent ― say their kids are disturbed or upset by the elections….However, 50 percent of parents say their kids are aware of the election but not troubled by it, while 28 percent say their kids aren’t paying much attention at all, and 11 percent aren’t sure what their kids think.” [HuffPost]

HUFFPOLLSTER VIA EMAIL! - You can receive this daily update every weekday morning via email! Just click here, enter your email address, and click “sign up.” That’s all there is to it (and you can unsubscribe anytime).

MONDAY’S ‘OUTLIERS’ - Links to the best of news at the intersection of polling, politics and political data:

-Michael P. McDonald’s early vote analysis finds Hillary Clinton poised to outperform Barack Obama in Florida, North Carolina and Virginia, with Donald Trump looking to exceed Mitt Romney in the Midwest. [HuffPost]

-Voters aren’t buying Trump’s excuses for his behavior in the leaked 2005 tape. [HuffPost]

-Keith Gaddie and Kirby Goidel give some historical context to Evan McMullin’s role as a potential Utah “spoiler.” [HuffPost]

-Michael Tesler finds that Trump’s supporters were already more likely to doubt women’s claims of sexual assault. [WashPost]

-Nicholas Confessore and Karen Yourish quantify Trump’s free medial advantage. [NYT]

-Nate Silver takes a look at the race three weeks out. [538]                                    0236792-d53756b46b0ce301ac30858bb657cfdf.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003152 00000000000 015175  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Cathay Pacific today announced that DragonAir will cease to exist, instead the sister airline to Cathay Pacific will be rebranded as Cathay Dragon. In a press release announced today, Cathay Pacific’s Chief Executive Ivan Chu said “In aligning the Cathay Pacific and Cathay Dragon brands, we will create a more seamless journey for customers, enabling us to deliver on our promise of a ‘Life Well Travelled’.”

However the airline also announced the two airlines won’t be merged, instead continuing to operate as two separate carriers, with just the name and brand changing rather than the operation. Talking of brand, Cathay Dragon has adopted the new livery design of Cathay Pacific, whilst turning the blue and green areas to red. This inadvertently has given the carrier a touch of Qantas and Turkish Airlines if viewed from far away – although both have limited cross over with Cathay Dragon’s routes.

“We see this a real Hong Kong success story, and we aim to ensure the success continues. Through this rebranding, we will make it much clearer to customers that they are flying on a member of the Cathay Pacific Group, and we have created a new look for Cathay Dragon that clearly identifies it as a Group airline.”

“There are two main reasons behind this rebranding, the first being a desire to capitalise on Cathay Pacific’s strong international brand recognition. The second driver is to leverage on Cathay Dragon’s unique connectivity into Mainland China.” continued Ivan Chu. It’s fair to expect little difference to the cabin products, as there is already a strong synergy between the two carriers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0236771-3f31666eb4021fc107b04c713c9cd738.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002130 00000000000 014737  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Image credit:

BBC



Here’s a feel-good story to brighten your Tuesday morning. A road sweeper from Camden, London has nabbed a £4.5m

Lotto jackpot

…but still clocked in for his last day of work!

Joseph Whiting, 42, couldn’t believe it when his six numbers popped up on his computer screen. After polishing his glasses and going back for another peak, it became apparent that he had indeed nabbed the life-changing bonanza.

However, Mr Whiting turned up to work at 5am to make the roads of Camden sparkle: probably getting them ready for his new Ferrari.

Sweepstakes

Image credit:

BBC



Whiting, who has worked as a street sweeper for 14 years, told the

BBC

: "I don't know how I got through the day. My mind was all over the place. You can check 100 times and you are still not sure."

Despite handing in his notice yesterday morning, his boss was magnanimous: "My line manager was made up for me," said Whiting.

"I enjoy it, it isn't a bad job and I work with a good team. However, I won't miss getting up at four in the morning."

Too right, mate. Couldn’t have happened to a nicer bloke.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0236751-56a90b42109227a116fce0acdeb21228.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000141105 00000000000 015003  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Reviews

Lords of Chaos (2018) Autistic Reviewers opinion on this movie. 28 November 2018 - 50 out of 124 users found this review helpful. Without knowing what to expect and what it would be about, Lords of Chaos is not only a solid piece of film but an engaging, darkly comical but at times a tense drama film based on actual true events that took place within the uprising of Norwegian metal music in the late 80's and early 90's, revolving around bands Mayhem and Burzem.



With having said that, the rest is really best to be seen unfolded in front of your eyes to leave an amazing impression as it had on us. The script and pace work is great, there's never a dull moment despite a few sequences that can be confronting for its subject matter (including suicide, murder and religious retaliations. The acting range is great with no signs showing of mis-casting, the performance of Rory Culkin and Emory Cohen together is great but really tense in it's third act, whilst it's director Jonas Åkerlund helms with his past experiences in being in a metal music group. Surprisingly, the film carriers a lot of darkly toned humour and brutal moments of violent crimes for a drama film, being based on the biographical book of the same name.



Lords of Chaos is really an unexpected surprise of a film, only not long ago we saw the impressive Bohemian Rhapsody but this film (which is most likely to get a bigger release next year) takes it higher with its true story behind it, the age of metal music and the brutal events that took place.



4.5/5 Written by Nick.



See more ▼ See less ▲

The House That Jack Built (2018) Autistic Reviewers opinion on this movie. 28 November 2018 - 12 out of 31 users found this review helpful. "In five episodes, failed architect and vicious sociopath Jack recounts his elaborately orchestrated murders -- each, as he views them, a towering work of art that defines his life's work as a serial killer in the Pacific Northwest."



Lars Von Trier has a whole history of making bizarre, shocking, disturbing and disgusting films, and in The House That Jack Built definitely does not hold back on any of the above. This film is designed to make you uncomfortable. Trier's objective is to get under your skin, and he succeeds perfectly. Unfortunately this film will be either a love/hate kind of movie. And for those who aren't aware, over a hundred people walked out at the Cannes Film Festival. Loads of people were disgusted by this film, but the film still received a standing ovation.



Matt Dillon is brilliant here. This movie is definitely the best and bravest film he's ever done in his entire career. Walt Disney Pictures will never be hiring him from now on, that's for certain! What's surprising is that there is a lot of comedy through out the film. One example bring Jack pretending to be a Police Officer, telling the lady he forgot his badge and that it's getting polished at a car wash, then telling her he's a salesman ready to give her free money for her pension! The supporting cast are good, Uma Thurman is a stand out as always, Bruno Ganz (who plays Verge, the person he talks to about the murders he commits). The movie moves along at a good pace, sometimes even showing us real footage of animals or World War 2 with Jack explaining how we have animal instincts and how men are the lions and females are the innocent lambs.



Lars Von Trier creates another cinematic masterpiece, but once again is not for everyone. This is a movie you will love or hate. To give you a few examples: there is animal cruelty, little kids dying on screen, over the top deaths in female victims, and even scenes of men getting slaughtered! This is not a movie for the faint of heart and you have been warned.



5/5 stars Jay



While I will admit that I'm not a huge devotee of Lairs Von Tier, his latest cinematic offering 'The House That Jack Built' is compelling, well written, visually confronting and has effective performances.



The story and themes contained in the film will either shock you or have you interested; it involves around how one single person can become a solid killer based on his knowledge of how people interpret themselves and the urges to do something.



But behind the camera there is a solid director, an interesting actor in the leading role and a worthy script. It's important to say that the casting of Matt Dillon is a huge step for him, whilst he may not be on our screens as much his return as a darkly sinister killer is something that the Oscars will definitely not consider for an nomination but I feel that this role in the film was indeed worth seeing.



Regardless of what your tastes of film are like and if you know of Von Teir, THTJB is not a boring film as its brutal, well acted and visually shot but it's subject matter can either be depressing, too brutal or very interesting and sadly there will be those who will either love it or hate it.



4/5



Nick



See more ▼ See less ▲

Goosebumps 2: Haunted Halloween (2018) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of Goosebumps: Haunted Halloween. 14 October 2018 - 16 out of 27 users found this review helpful. Having read very bad reviews it lowered our expectations that Haunted Halloween was going to be good. So here our review:



Slappy is summoned (this time the curse like in the books and TV series bring him back to life) and he wants to be part of the family, only under the condition that everyone does exactly what he says. Sloppy, like in the books is very controlling and he does just that in Haunted Halloween. It's very intimidating to say the least, because Slappy goes from one person to the next (usually school bullies) getting even or causing trouble. All this happens in the first act, and it's off to a magnificent start. Story starts in just around 15 mins into the movie. After things don't go according to plan Slappy decides to summon his real family, the goosebumps characters! We'll let you work the rest out from there.



The effects are worse than the first movie, and the script wasn't as clever or genius like the first movie, and a lot of the jokes fell flat. The kid characters are also not as interesting as the ones from the first one. It really did have a lot to work on, but funny thing is despite all of that it's hugely entertaining! By the way, *SPOILER ALERT* Jack Black is in this playing R. L. Stine , but it's more of a cameo role. And the Stephen King reference should make you laugh! And one more spoiler, The Haunted Mask is in it, and gets loads of screen time! But, it's entertaining, fun to watch, and something you should definitely watch on Halloween. 4/5 stars. Jay and Nick.



See more ▼ See less ▲

Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation (2018) Autistic Reviewers opinion on this Movie. 2 July 2018 - 12 out of 34 users found this review helpful. "In Sony Pictures Animation's Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation, our favourite monster family as they embark on a vacation on a luxury monster cruise ship so Drac can take a summer vacation from providing everyone else's vacation at the hotel. It's smooth sailing for Drac's Pack as the monsters indulge in all of the shipboard fun the cruise has to offer, from monster volleyball to exotic excursions, and catching up on their moon tans. But the dream vacation turns into a nightmare when Mavis realizes Drac has fallen for the mysterious captain of the ship, Ericka, who hides a dangerous secret that could destroy all of monsterkind." All of Adam Sandler's movies as of late have not been very good, but the Hotel Transylvania series have seemed to be somehow putting him back on the map. The movie starts out extremely dark, with dark music and action packed scenes before going into the real plot. all of our favourite Monsters return, and the rest of the cast that voice them all return as well. The animation is incredible, and the music and action scenes are fantastic. the main problem with this film was the humour wasn't as funny as the first two were, and I guess this is because the charm has worn itself out. There were too many fart jokes, and even if they were meant the kids it gets so repetitive sometimes.



This is, in fact a great family film and it is incredibly fun to watch. I don't think there should be a 4th one as I think all the charm and all the jokes have worn themselves out, but doesn't hurt to watch this one. As they say third times the charm, just not a fourth one. 3/5 stars.



See more ▼ See less ▲

The Strangers: Prey at Night (2018) Autistic Reviewers Opinion of This Movie. 9 March 2018 - 4 out of 16 users found this review helpful. The writer of the the first Strangers movie Bryan Bertino returns ten years later with a sequel. Having loved the first one, and liking the scary message which was that there was no reason for these people to be doing what they did and just doing it "because you were home" and because "they can" was a very scary subject and even Psychologists started looking into it as soon as the first Strangers movie was released. It definitely developed a huge cult following so the question now is this sequel any good?



The masked killers new target is a family, a Mother, Father, Daughter and Son all going away to visit their other Family in a Caravan/Hotel Park. There isn't as much character development here as there was in the first one, but needless to say there is a little bit of development. The film focuses on troubled teenager Kinsey (played by Bailee Madison). The acting doesn't beat the likes of Liv Tyler, but needless to say no one' acting in this film was bad, everyone was just good enough at being realistic.



All in all it has a fantastic Soundtrack of the 80's and they are used perfectly in each scene or climax. There's a lot more blood in this film as well. Loads of people will complain about it not being like the first one and this one turning into a slasher type movie, but it really depends on how it sits with you. But it sat fine with us. The pace was never really too slow and while not many jump scares it always had you waiting for the next scene.



All in all it's a very worthy sequel, and the finale 15-20 mins are definitely the highlight of the film, one including a fantastically well shot scene involving a Pool. It is worth checking out even if it wasn't scary like the first one. Not scary, but definitely very entertaining. 3.5/5 stars.



See more ▼ See less ▲

Black Panther (2018) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie: 1 March 2018 - 1 out of 4 users found this review helpful. Being the 18th film of the MCU and the last film before the highly awaited and anticipated Infinity War, Black Panther reintroduces the African based superhero (as he was introduced in Civil War) in his own solo film and boy was this one an unexpected surprise. I was suspecting the same routine that the previous films that we have seen, not to say that it's bad as I love Marvel regardless but it's director Ryan Coogler (Creed) has managed to bring a fresh coat of paint to the storytelling of the movie whilst delivering a style that is unique and beautiful.



Firstly, the choice of the film's direction is great and promises to set new paths and future stories, but it's the tone of the film that showcases the race of black people as a culture that is unique and often referencing the racial issues that occur in reality but while being a superhero movie. The acting cast are all strong, both the male and female roles in this film are used well, in particular with its villain Marvel have finally given us a villain that not only has a backstory but serves great as a threat with a purpose and isn't wasted at all. Michael B. Jordan (who had shined in Creed) plays this part with perfection and not since Spider-Man Homecoming have I seen a great villain to actually care for.



Overall, Black Panther is a great entry in the MCU and it's one of the best films in the top 10 of the franchise as a whole. A strong director, solid performances, well written script, visually stunning style, great music score and great character development make the film a worthwhile treat for the fans and even the African American culture.



See more ▼ See less ▲

Game Night (2018) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie. 1 March 2018 - 3 out of 8 users found this review helpful. I'm always happy to see Jason Bateman and Rachel McAdams show up on screen (how these two aren't superstars is still a mystery to me) and, as a couple bonded over their competitive spirit, they bring a real chemistry to both their scripted weekly game nights with friends as well as on screen, for us. When Max's brother (a truly game Kyle Chandler) shows up back in town, the stakes rise considerably. Fellow players Lamorne Morris, Kylie Bunbury, Sharon Horgan and Billy Magnussen add to the fun, but it's Jesse Plemons, as the sad neighborhood weirdo, who earns best supporting gamer.



It is written by Mark Perez who's previously written Herbie: Fully Loaded and The Country Bears. Sadly the film is not that well written and there are so many more cool and funny opportunities that could have happened here. But it's Jason Bateman and Rachel Mcadams who save the day. If it wasn't for their comedic timing this film would not have succeeded. Directors John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein (whose previous hits included 2011's Horrible Bosses) have delivered a hip, happy, winner. It may not change your life: it's not trying to. But if fun is your goal, you're hitting the jackpot here. The film is just meant to make you laugh, it's not trying to change the world. It's well worth your time if you want a good laugh.



3/5 stars



See more ▼ See less ▲

The Greatest Showman (2017) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie. 22 January 2018 - 1 out of 2 users found this review helpful. The first and original story musical telling of the great P.T. Barnum. P.T. Barnum was always a big dreamer, from being homeless and hardly eating anything as a kid he never stopped believing in dreaming big. He lays his eyes on the most beautiful girl by the name of Charity (played by Michelle Williams) and wanted to share with her his dream and wanted her to be part of it every step of the way no matter the cost. P.T. Barnum then has the perfect idea of starting up his own show/circus and hiring different people of different talent. But what he looks for is them being different or is the low life locals in the town call them "freaks." Hugh Jackman plays P.T. Barnum extremely well, nothing Oscar Worthy, but definitely the best cast person in the film. His singing, his acting, his dancing..all very unique. The rest of the cast is fine as well..Michelle Williams is beautiful and really good at her acting and singing. Zac Efron plays Phillip Carlyle, a man who also dreams to make it big, but is very cautious of who he works with and what might ruin his career. Efron has his good moments in the film, one highlight in particular was when Efron and Jackman are drinking, singing and dancing in a bar. That was very cleverly executed and set most of the tone to the entire movie. Rebecca Ferguson plays Jenny Lind, a very jealous, spoilt, vicious yet the most perfect singing person! Her singing is definitely a highlight of the film as well.



The singing, the dancing the songs, the sets, the designs are pretty much perfect. it really can't get any better. The biggest problem with the film is that halfway into the movie we see P.T. Barnum going through a mid life crisis and stuff that could potentially ruin his career and create break up with his family, it was a very deep subject, and that we would have loved to have seen more of. It lacks so much of story depth and character development which is a shame, because it was so close to perfection! But there is one big scene in the movie where P.T. Barnum says to a vicious, miserable critic "It's not about the critics...its not aimed for you...it's aimed for audiences." That was a highlight of the film. 3/5 stars.



See more ▼ See less ▲

The Commuter (2018) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie. 22 January 2018 - 1 out of 2 users found this review helpful. Michael MacCauley (played by Liam Neeson) is a businessman and has been at the top of his game for over 10 years, and has everything he ever wants, a steady job, great friends, a very healthy family, but one day he is approached by a very mysterious stranger by the name of Joanna (played by Vera Fermiga) and she puts Michael in a "you have no choice" situation. He is forced to find a person on the train and kill him/her for 100,000 dollars.



In the hands of director Jaume Collet-Serra (who also directed Nonstop, Orphan and The Shallows) he does a pretty good job at setting everything up. The problem here is that the movie is very predictable and you can see whats going to happen 10-20 mins before it happens. The whole movie was 99% exactly the same as Non-Stop, except it was on a train. The story was the same old cliche we've seen 1000 times before, the acting was decent all round, the effects were decent, but nothing great. The pace itself was pretty good, it never gets boring and there are a few good, tense fight scenes that make the movie worth while.



All in all, it's a very hard to film to review, it's a very hard film to hate, and it's a very hard film to love. Liam Neeson does what he does best which is speaking with his naturally talented Irish accent and his fighting skills make the movie all worth while to watch. It's far from a classic and it just should've been called Non-Stop 2, but it's definitely worth a watch, but maybe as a rental. Sit back on the couch with your Mars Bars and just enjoy it. 3/5 stars.



See more ▼ See less ▲

The Shape of Water (2017) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie. 22 January 2018 - 26 out of 48 users found this review helpful. The Shape of Water was only released here in Australia only 2 days ago when it was basically a 2017 made film, but having seen it at long last we definitely think that this is one of this year's best films already (and only in the first month of a new year). The film tells the story of a lonesome mute cleaning woman named Lily, working at a contained facility that one day brings in a mysterious but valuable 'asset' that seems to get her interest when she sees the human sized creature. Determined to set it free after seeing it's captivity and treatment, she embraces to do so but manages to see that it is like her.



It's a fantasy romance story set in the era of the Cold War, with moments of drama, love and even thrills. The production value here is as great, beautiful and visually appealing as with any Del Toro film, the use of colours, practical makeup effects, storytelling, music, symbolism and even the themes are all taken to the levels of excellence to make it work perfect. The acting is strong throughout with Sally Hawkins, Michael Shannon and the always great Richard Jenkins giving the best roles. Hawkins in particular embraces her character's mute with much detail and emotion, you feel and care for her as she discovers that even the most mysterious things in life can bring the best that life can offer, though there are consequences and rewards. The Shape of Water is film that will indeed have your mind and heart set to it and will make you imagine a world where fantasy and love are alive. With award worthy values in direction, production design, script and great performances, this reminds us that films can still capture the magic. 5/5 - Nick 4.5/5 - Jay



See more ▼ See less ▲

Darkest Hour (2017) Autistic Reviewers Review Of This Movie. 14 January 2018 - 1 out of 4 users found this review helpful. This is indeed Gary Oldman's best movie. I suppose it's not so much that he is great at playing Churchhill it's more of the fact that he carries the entire film and Oldman is up for the challenge. He carries the entire film almost all by himself and he does a marvellous job at it. His voice, his walk, his jokes, and his expressions are 100% spot on for playing Winston Churchill!We can both see why he is getting nominated for all these awards. Brilliant performance and highly recommended film. The support cast such as Lily James and Ben Mendelssohn as King George were also good, but It's Oldman who carries the movie. Gary Oldman is going home with the Oscar! 4/5 stars. Jay And Nick- The Autistic Reviewers.



See more ▼ See less ▲

Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri (2017) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie. 18 December 2017 - 3 out of 8 users found this review helpful. Writer And Director Martin McDonagh (who's previous films were In Bruges and Seven Psychopaths) returns with his latest film "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" and in all seriousness it is the best film he has done. It's no wonder why this film is getting awards left right and center.



The plot is as good and simple as it can be: Mildred is depressed and grieving over the killing and rape of her daughter. She lives in a world of misery and in a world where she will never smile nor say anything nice to anybody. She is a grieving Mother who decides to challenge the authorities to find her daughter's killer by putting up Three Billboards. The local Sheriff(s) get really annoyed with this and start to take action.



Frances McDormand plays Mildred and she takes on the role so so well! She could have played the whole movie in such a depressed way (which is exactly how her character is), but she decides to be a depressed, broken Mother making witty and crude jokes around every corner, and Frances McDormand does it so well! It's as if the role was written for her. Woody Harrelson plays Willoughby, a local Sheriff who is very tough, but at the same time can sympathize with Mildred. He plays his role so well and steals the first half of the movie. The second half of the movie lies in the hands of Sheriff Dixon (played by Sam Rockwell.) Dixon comes across as a cold blooded monster who does nothing but drink all day and live with his mother, but the more we get to know his character the more we start to realize he's not a little mummy's boy who is mean and drunk, it all starts showing just how good at his job he really is. Dixon is also a racist person, but as more stuff happens to him during the film we start to realize he opens up to reality and life a little more. Sam Rockwell is also another reason I believe they wrote this character for!



All in all this will be my last review of this year. But the music is incredible, the cinematography is beautiful, the editing is astounding and like I said before the acting is amazing. Without spoiling the ending this movie has a strong message "How far will you go for revenge?" But Frances Mcdormand and Sam Rockwell totally deserve the Oscar for their roles.



The movie could have been an all through drama, but Martin McDonagh decides instead of making us all focus on all the depression ad pain he decides to make us have a chuckle and laugh at least every minute or two! It's all thanks to the actors for making it all dramatic and comedic at the same time! Absolutely stunning film. I'm giving it 5/5 stars. If you haven't seen it go and see it. You will not be disappointed. I loved every second of it. Jay (one of The Autistic Reviewers).



See more ▼ See less ▲

Star Wars: Episode VIII - The Last Jedi (2017) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie. 14 December 2017 - 23 out of 40 users found this review helpful. We both feel like we should make this a short and direct review. The moment the film starts it gives us at least a 10 minute action scene, which is actually very entertaining, but then after that it goes directly downhill! All the same characters from The Force Awakens return to The Last Jedi, including loads of new characters. The story leaves off exactly where the last one left off Rey (Daisy Ridley) finds and meets Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill). It had the perfect opportunity to impress not only old school Star Wars Die Hard fans, but new Die hard fans. It just didn't impress me Jay And Nick (The Autistic Reviewers).



The writing is just lazy, it's as lazy as you can get, and the directing was pretty bad. Even the late Carrie Fisher (May her soul RIP) looked like she was bored while acting in this film. Daisy Ridley and Mark Hamill were the only ones that were any good, and even they were struggling with the horrible script. It was great to see Mark Hamill again, but he hardly had any screen time which was very disappointing. The other characters including the new ones were just annoying and completely unlikable. They brought nothing new to the Star Wars Franchise. All completely forgettable characters. The CGI was pretty bad, the fight scenes hardly go for more than minute. The old Star Wars will be the ones that stay with us forever. The originals are instant classics.



I know loads of critics really took a liking to this film, but Jay And Nick weren't really into it. And the fact there was no Carrie Fischer tribute (except during the credits) proves that everyone involved here were just being lazy. Possibly the worst Star Wars to come out. 4/10 2/5 stars.



See more ▼ See less ▲

The Disaster Artist (2017) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie. 10 December 2017 - 0 out of 1 users found this review helpful. I'm sure everybody remembers Tommy Wiseau's classic, laughable disastrous movie "The Room." After 14 years since it's 2003 release it has developed a cult following around the world, and while Tommy Wiseau was aiming for the movie serious and dramatic movie ever made, it ended up being the most laughable movie ever made, and yet so many people remember this movie more than last years Best Picture Oscar Winner. Here in "The Disaster Artist" it takes you deep inside who Tommy Wiseau really is and how he wanted the Hollywood dream. James Franco plays Tommy Wiseau, a man who is fearless and wants his fame, and Dave Franco plays Greg Sestero, a man who wants his Hollywood fame and thinks Tommy Wiseau is the best solution and thing that has ever happened to him. Together they finally agree to make a movie called "The Room." One by one, they get each actor/actress and crew member to become apart of the movie, and slowly we see how it all progresses. What makes this movie really great, and really inspiring is that while we can all agree Tommy Wiseau was too over confident and so over the top and dreaming too big, and how we can just shake our heads and laugh at him the film shows us the sad side to it which is that Tommy was a man who had a lot of heart and a lot of feelings and was really trying to make it, but nobody would give him the chance for they thought he was a loser and a nobody. The film touches on real facts on how hard it would be to get jobs and auditions in Hollywood. James Franco playing Tommy Wiseau was flawless. He was hilarious and he really knew how to touch your heart and makes you feel sorry for him. Dave Franco is another good performer here. He plays the part well by sticking with his buddy and trying not to ever let him down no matter what opportunity arises. The supporting cast are great, Seth Rogen and Jackie Weaver in particular. The direction by James Franco was really good as well. All in all it is a really funny movie, but the good thing about this film is that its heart is in the right place and knew when to make us feel for Tommy Wiseau. Highly recommended in my opinion.



4/5 - Jay



film lovers ourselves and audiences world wide, we know that there are bad films that exist among us, with The Room this particular film has a huge cult following for its bad value, performances, script and inconsistent tone. It's bad enough that we laugh at it, mock it and yet praise it's bad values. The Disaster Artist tells it's story of how it came to be and it results in plenty of laughs, great moments and a solid leading performance that adds to the list of this year's best performances.



With a cast of recognizable actors and actresses including James Franco, Dave Franco, Seth Rogen and Alison Bre to name a few, the performances are all great throughout but it's James's performance as the oddly famous Tommy Wiseau that steals the film. From his behavior, style and even speech and acting range, it's quite a near pitch perfect role that seems like a blast.



The script and pace is right on target, not a dull or heavy moment that drags the film and the overall direction (which is helmed by James Franco) is great that would be considered for award nominations, including his lead performance.



Overall, TDA is a fascinating film that captures the essences of how a film can be so bad and how one dream can be hard to accomplish in life. Well worth seeing if you have seen The Room countless times or you are in for a film with a message about avoiding making a bad film and capturing a dream that's not as easy. 4/5 - Nick



See more ▼ See less ▲

Revenge (2017) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie. 27 November 2017 - 33 out of 100 users found this review helpful. While exploitation revenge flicks are common since its birth with I Spit on your Grave, Naked Vengeance and Savage Streets, this latest offering from up and coming French director gives us not only the same concept of rape revenge but manages to bring in a style that moves the film at a perfect pace and leveling up the brutality, gore and even giving us a feministic heroine to root for modern day film goers.



The setup goes as this; a group of wealthy men and a woman party it up at an isolated villa in the middle of an outback desert. When the woman of the group gets violated by one of the group and wants out of the party, her lover (though a married man) pushes her off a cliff to her death, but they fail to see her dead as she survives and hunts down the three in a brutal fight for 'revenge'.



With the plot description given, the film overall has the same old cliché's but what makes Revenge unique is it's style and tone that's thankfully done perfect with its cinematography and camera work. There are moments of surreal imagery, graphic wounds and bloody kills uncovered on screen and shades of The Revenant as the heroine finds herself, recovers and arms up to fight as much as Leo DiCaprio did in that film.



The acting range holds firmly, while there's no chance of Oscar winners here in the cast, its heroine and villains move the story with each having a soul purpose to the story and justifying with the audience on what they did and who was the worst of the bad. The soundtrack composed by an music artist known as Rob is a sound for the ears and makes the film so stylish in sound as much as we see on screen.



Overall, this is not something that will be forgotten overnight as Revenge is a brutal ride of violence, blood and survival. Though the cliché has been done again and again, it is given something new here and has earned my viewing pleasure and respect.



4.5/5 - Nick Having heard so many great things about this movie I decided to check it out. The results are now in and it is true...it Is a great movie! You can't take your eyes off the screen, it's so visually stunning that you can't help but to admire the beautiful art done here! The director of this sick, twisted revenge flick (who's a female) does a great job considering the fact this is her first film. She has already proved herself to be extremely talented. The acting was good by everyone involved. The three main male villains were all equally evil in their own way. The victims boyfriend was definitely the leader and the main cause of all of this! This film is very similar to "I spit on your grave", but that doesn't mean it's not a good film. It's a very hard film to watch, but it's also very difficult to ignore! It's a great movie with a message that females are really strong people and can do just as much damage as men. See it in theaters. It's well worth your time! Lots of blood as well! What's not to like? 4.5/5 - Jay



See more ▼ See less ▲

Justice League (2017) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie. 18 November 2017 - 0 out of 5 users found this review helpful. Believe it or not, it's taken years for DC Comics and Warner Bros to adapt a Justice League movie. With now the extended universe taking place with only 4 films established, it has finally happened and was it worth the long long wait? We say it was, but if you were expecting more of an epic piece of film that sticks close to the original material you may be left out or just wanting more.



With what it gets right, it's the chemistry between the heroes that form the league. With mixes of wit, epic solo moments and dialogue from the animated series (it kinda felt like it at times so nostalgia kicked in) they made like a likable team. The acting range from the cast were all great and there was no cheesy moments, in which speaking the tone of the film is certainly not dark or gloomy as BVS but it does try to convey a message of hope for the franchise (and possibly fix those mistakes that critics had signalled out). The scale of the action is great and the climax was decent, the CGI effects were great and didn't seem as bad as some critics have said to be and the humour was good. The bad though is basically that the story itself is thin with no major room for character development to expand further (though some small amounts were included), the villain is a 'muah ha ha' kind of baddie with little purpose but no backstory (though it as said in the film he serves for a much greater foe that will surface in a sequel). Overall, while it's certainly worth a ticket price to watch on the big screen we can't help but feel there could have been so much more if the studios haven't rushed it and let it build up from the solo films I'd they had stuck to that schedule. But then again, Zack Snyder had family issues and reshoots took place by Josh Weldon so you may see or wonder how the tone and running time were affected. Though it's fun, action packed and well acted, JL is a good movie but it's not something that is picture perfect (neither are the Marvel films at the moment) as it has its flaws, but now this should be the turning point for the DCEU to bring out more solo films and freedom of creativity and focus on the team up on a longer scale to make it a worthy build up. 2.5/5 stars. Jay And Nick- The Autistic Reviewers.



See more ▼ See less ▲

Daddy's Home Two (2017) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie. 13 November 2017 - 2 out of 4 users found this review helpful. Daddy's Home 2 starts off exactly where the last one left off. This time it's time to meet the fathers from each side of the family. The film is exactly like the first one...everybody trying to outdo each other and always proving to the other party how heir way of life sucks etc.



John Lithgow plays Don (Brad's Father) and Mel Gibson plays Kurt (Dusty's Father). Lithgow and Mel are very funny in different ways. Lithgow is very in your face and gross kind of funny, where as Gibson is more very dark and menacing and a tough guy kind of funny. As an example taking the his grand kids hunting to not make them "pussies." The problem here is that the script doesn't allow Lithgow or Gibson shine as much as they could. It all feels wasted in a way.



All in all there are a lot of jokes that work and a lot that fail. Without spoiling too much there is one joke that involves the kids drinking alcohol and getting drunk. If we had similar jokes to that this film would have been comedy of the year, but oh well! It's a Christmas movie and it's always a fine message that it's always about the family gathering! See it maybe cheap at the movie theater. 2.5/5 stars. Jay And Nick- The Autistic Reviewers.



See more ▼ See less ▲

Murder on the Orient Express (2017) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie. 13 November 2017 - 1 out of 5 users found this review helpful. Having seen the 1974 one with Albert Finney as Hercule Poirot and the 2010 television version with David Suchet...this one just felt pointless and unnecessary. You all know the plot so there's no need to go into what the story is about. There was just something about this film that just didn't work. The pace of the film was way off...it leaves you bored and not making you feel like you want more or sending chills down your spine etc. You just can't wait for the movie to end. There's honestly no difference from this one compared to the original, no changes are made except for how the train stops. The CGI was very bad and it makes the 1974 one look like it had the best effects ever. Kenneth Branagh being the director felt wrong and out of place, not that we've seen other directed movies he's done but with this he just doesn't capture the imagination like he could have.



We have all these great actors (one of them being Oscar Winner Judi Dench, and several other Oscar nominated actors) and they all seem wasted. As a movie where all the characters have to be well written and crafted and likable or interesting we don't seem to care about any of them. Not the actors fault it's just the director Kenneth Branagh failing to bring them to life. In the 1974 version they all got brought to life. The only actress that shines here is Star Wars's Daisy Ridley as Miss Mary Debenham. She brought so much energy to her role that it's obvious that Ridley is talented and is rising to be one of the greatest actresses! All in all it's not that bad, but it just wasn't really necessary to be made. Maybe see it at a cheap theater, or rent it when it comes out on DVD. Our opinion is to stick to the 1974 version. 2/5 stars. Jay and Nick- The Autistic Reviewers.



See more ▼ See less ▲

Thor: Ragnarok (2017) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie. 8 November 2017 - 10 out of 18 users found this review helpful. With Marvel having succeeded with the 2nd installment of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.2 and managing to bring back Spider-Man in 'Homecoming', their third and final release for 2017 succeeds with making Thor: Ragnarok a true Thor film and somehow managing to make it as fun and hilarious as possible.



What makes this film close to perfect is the direction and vision of acclaimed New Zealand filmmaker Taika Waititi (which marks this as his first Hollywood feature and biggest project to have worked on), what he brings here is a big dose of humour that consists of witty dialogue, visually appealing world design and characters to actually care for (with our leading hero being as bold, his side allies being as helpful and a villain that literally is a true form of evil). It somehow manages to beat over the first two films in terms of fun and scale, though they were big budgeted productions but here Waititi is given plenty of space for his touches to make it unique, similarly enough it has the tones that made Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 great.



Casting range here is on point; Chris Hemsworth, Tom Hiddleston, Mark Ruffalo, Cate Blanchett, Jeff Goldblum, Tessa Thompson, Karl Urban and a few more giving solid performances for the entire film. The visual effects are greatly used to a high point and of course the humour plays a bigger role here that makes it so much fun, and music as well is used to a high point of greatness. Only fault is that with the humour being so consistent throughout, there isn't as much emotional investment with some of the characters so it does miss a mark slightly but the fun tone makes up for it.



Thor: Ragnarok delivers to audiences awesome comic book fun with mixing an overdose of humour, epic scale production value, dazzling action set pieces and solid performances from the cast overall. Marvel ends their release schedule for 2017 with a bang and delivering a Thor movie that I can say personally is a true 'Thor' movie while setting up more to lead up of next year's Infinity War.



4/5 - Nick 3.5/5 - Jay -The Autistic Reviewers.



See more ▼ See less ▲

Jigsaw (2017) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie. 4 November 2017 - 0 out of 1 users found this review helpful. The moment the Jigsaw movie starts it wastes no time into getting straight to the point and straight into the action. We thrown straight into the "Jigsaw" traps that we all know and love, only this time the game is more harder and the traps are very well thought out, and surprisingly there's not that much blood.



The acting is decent by everyone involved. No one really stood out that much except for the legendary Tobin Bell who plays Jigsaw (which you see in flashbacks). The direction was fine, and the entire set up was fine. Another thing we will say is that the entire pace of the film moved along very nicely, never a dull moment. There are loads of killings in the movie and each kill is done in a very stylized way so needless to say the body count is very high! To be honest The Saw Movies have just got old and it's time to stop making them. It's just getting way too much. There's nothing wrong with this movie really, it's all good fun and it's decent stuff, but it's just time to stop with these Jigsaw Movies. Jigsaw died 10 years ago and all these copy cat effects are just getting old. It is worth seeing, because it is fun and thrilling enough to see. 3/5 stars. Jay And Nick.



See more ▼ See less ▲

Better Watch Out (2016) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie. 3 November 2017 - 0 out of 6 users found this review helpful. On a quiet suburban street, a babysitter must defend a twelve-year-old boy from intruders, only to discover it's far from a normal home invasion." The trailer might be very misleading for a lot of people, because this isn't your typical "Home Invasion movie, it has so many twists and turns that it could lead to disappointment for some, but for others it could really impress and for me it really impressed. It's told in a very "Home Alone" kind of style except this isn't a Family Movie. It takes a lot of the old movie clichés and makes it into its own original movie.



As soon as the real plot begins (within the first 30 mins) it starts taking a brand new dark turn into the Horror Genre. It is quite thrilling and gripping to say the least. Luke (played by Levi Miller) has a crush on his babysitter and will do all kind of sick and twisted games in order to impress his babysitter Ashley (played by Olivia DeJonge). His accomplice Garrett (played by Ed Oxenbould) will do anything his friend Luke says, because all Garrett really wants is a friend, and he will go and do anything Luke tells him to do, despite the fact he isn't as mental and twisted as Luke is.



All in all the acting is fine, the real stand out here is Levi Miller, he plays a very disturbed kid really well. Olivia DeJonge is another good actress here, she plays her part well and Ed Oxenbould is good as always. It's always good to see Oxenbould and DeJonge reunite ever since their last film "The Visit." It's a little Christmas treat...it will never become a classic, but it changes the typical cliché Horror Christmas Story/Home Invasion idea very well. It's definitely worth seeing. 3.5/5 stars.



See more ▼ See less ▲

The Foreigner (2017) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie. 19 October 2017 - 32 out of 45 users found this review helpful. From the director of Casino Royale comes the movie starring Jackie Chan and Pierce Brosnan The Foreigner! Humble businessman with a buried past seeks Justice when his daughter is killed in an act of terrorism. His name is Quan Ngoc Minh (Jackie Chan). He will stop at nothing until everyone that was responsible is killed or brought down!



Jackie Chan real life is now 63 years old and for someone who is 63 years old he is still doing his own stunts and is able to carry the entire movie without any need of pointless CGI or stunt people. I know a lot of people will be disappointed due to the fact that the film relies heavily on it being a thriller and drama rather than an action film. There are still very many fight scenes in there the Jackie Chan fans will love but the whole point of the movie was Jackie Chan's loss of his daughter. Pierce Brosnan also gets a lot of screen time and his scenes are quite powerful. Not everyone will love it but it definitely just goes to prove the Jackie Chan still has enough juice left in him to do his own stunts! 3/5 stars



See more ▼ See less ▲

Busanhaeng (2016) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie. 19 October 2017 - 1 out of 4 users found this review helpful. This is without a doubt the best zombie movie we have ever seen! I would say that it is better than Dawn of the Dead. The movie has non-stop thrills, nonstop kills, nonstop action and nonstop emotion. We get to know each character one by one and bit by bit but the main focus here was Seok-woo (Yoo Gong) and his daughter Soo-Ann (Su-An Kim). Their journey to survive the zombie apocalypse made you want them both to live. Along the way we meet many other interesting characters and a very horrifying villain by the name of Yon-suk (Eui-sung Kim). He is by far the most nastiest, greediest and most coldest person you will probably ever meet. He kills so many people along the way in order to save himself from the zombies. The movie is just beyond incredible and it's way better than any is zombie Hollywood movie That we've ever seen! The makeup and effects are just incredible and so passes and he zombie movie with seen since Dawn of the Dead. Only problem English people may have with it is that it is in North Korean subtitles but that didn't bother us one bit as we don't mind reading subtitles. Highly recommended to every zombie fan all over the world and if you want to see excellent character development along with people and characters who you actually care about we highly recommend this film! 5/5 stars



See more ▼ See less ▲

Blade Runner 2049 (2017) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie. 8 October 2017 - 3 out of 12 users found this review helpful. Blade Runner 2049 has been a long awaited and anticipated sequel to the masterpiece classic, having witnessed this at last I can indeed say it's not only one of the best films I've seen this year but a great follow up to the original type film in sometime (not too far away from The Force Awakens). With the story itself and to give a description of it, I'm going to have to keep it short and spoiler free as this (much like the first one) needs to be watched and an knowledge of the first film is essential but I feel that 2049 can be enjoyed as a standalone film. Set years after the end of the first film, a new blade runner named K is assigned to hunt down Replicants but only to discover a secret that will change the course of the future. The greatness of it comes from its visual effects, cinematography, music and fantastic cast. Legendary cinematographer Roger Deakins does what he does best, creating incredible images and shots of the gritty futuristic world, with touches of darkness and colour to bring beauty out of the dark future.



Overall, BR2049 is indeed a great example of a sequel being truly great and respecting it's roots, avoiding the reboot method and going off the rails. With amazing visuals, neo-noir cinematography, sound mixing, direction, music score, acting and a worthy script, this film is destined to win fans and audiences but indeed aim for Oscar consideration in the coming awards season. 5/5 - The Autistic Reviewers.



See more ▼ See less ▲

Cult of Chucky (2017) Autistic Reviewers Opinion Of This Movie. 17 September 2017 - 8 out of 22 users found this review helpful. Cult Of Chucky follows just after Curse of Chucky. Nica (Fiona Dourif)is sent to a mental asylum after supposedly killing her whole family and friends. It isn't long before Chucky follows her and his trial of dead bodies begin to show! There are good and bad points in regards to this movie. Let's get the bad bits over and done with first: Bad Points: 1. Jennifer Tilly is looking too old to play Tiffany, and in some scenes it didn't even look like she was trying to act.



2. The acting was pretty bad by everyone involved (excluding Alex Vincent, Fiona Dourif and Brad Dourif who voices Chucky). You just never believe a single word they say and it becomes extremely laughable. Excluding Brad, Alex and Fiona, of course!



3. There was no character development, and very little is accomplished in regards to everything that happens.



4. The ending felt so rushed and doesn't really leave you with the feeling on "oh, yes...I feel that accomplished something...can't wait for more." 5. The death scenes in some kills looked too fake.



Good Points: 1. Having Andy Barclay return was the best thing Don Mancini ever did and seeing him back was an awesome feeling. And the fact that he's having dating/life problems and has been scarred by Chucky. His whole life has been him watching his back wherever he goes.



2. There was no CGI in this movie. It was all done by robotic movement. And having 3 Chucky killer dolls in the one room and going around the Asylum killing everyone bit by bit was incredible...problem is it hardly lasted...needed more.



3. Fiona Dourif was perfect. She is like her father Brad Dourif...extremely believable and always keeps it realistic. Brad Dourif has more lines in this one and is extremely witty in almost everyone he delivers! All in all it is worth seeing, but only just! So many good things about it, and also so many bad things. Can't say I'm looking forward to the next one, but maybe Mancini can create the perfect Chucky film! Jay- 3/5 stars.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0236649-8a8478a40dbc21631c5b52e68262ef62.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014076 00000000000 014770  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Hello everyone, Kahotan here! (@gsc_kahotan)

My favorite of favorite foods might just be takoyaki! Best when they are soft and fluffy! Anyway, today I’m going to be taking a look at…

Nendoroid Ryujo!

From the popular browser game ‘Kantai Collection -KanColle-‘ comes a Nendoroid of the light aircraft carrier, Ryujo! She comes complete with both a standard aeroplane and ‘shikigami’ paper planes to fly beside her. The divination scroll in the image of a flight deck as well as a pouch to hang from her shoulder are both included. Her favorite food, takoyaki, are also included for her to enjoy! ♪ Alternate parts to recreate her half-damaged appearance are also included!

Oooooooooohhh!! (/ω＼)

From the popular browser game Kantai Collection comes a Nendoroid of the light cruiser, Ryujo!

Everything about her design down to the scroll in the image of a flick deck have been faithfully converted into chibi Nendoroid size! The outfit is a nice blend between Japanese and Western styles!

This is how she looks from the back! ♡

The mini AA-guns around her hips look so detailed!! (σ・∀・)σ

She is wearing thick-soled shoes giving her a longer appearance… not that her petite build isn’t adorable! It makes me want to pet her on the head as she is so cute!! The twin-tails are fitted with Nendoroid joints allowing you to easily match them up with any poses! (｀・ω・´)ゞ

Anyway, as I’m sure many have noticed, the first photo featured an aeroplane!

(・∀・) “Ryujo comes with quite a few types of aeroplanes!”

We’re joined by the planner for Nendoroid Ryujo, Kyojin!

(・∀・) “We wanted to allow fans to recreate the effect of Ryujo ‘summoning’ the planes from paper planes, so we included various points of the transformation!”

“Aircraft! Head out, head out!!”

The divining fire summons the aircraft !!

(・∀・) “Four plane parts are included – a paper plane, mid-transformed plane, Mitsubishi A5M and Nakajima B5N!”



It’s really like they are slowing changing as they move along! ♪

(・∀・) “Each plane also comes with it’s own little stand, allowing for quick and easy placement wherever you like!”

Anyway, up until now we’ve had a rather serious Ryujo in combat mode… what other expressions does she have?

(・∀・) “First up we have this smiling expression!”

Ooooooooohhhh!! (´□｀｡)

Definitely a much more gentle expression compared to the previous one!

But wait! The scroll!! I know this pose!

(・∀・) “You can easily place the scroll in the position of Ryujo Kai Ni as both a long and short version are included!”

The long version reaches about 13.5cm in length including the bottom section!

But hold on a second… the previous pose had the scroll kind of bend around… is it made from a soft material, or…? （？△？）

(・∀・) “The top and bottom sections are made from a hard material to allow the stand to connect easily, but the actual ‘scroll’ part is planned to be made from a durable kind of paper meaning it won’t get in the way of any poses!”

I see, I see! (‘-‘*)(,_,*)(‘-‘*)(,_,*)

That means that you can create all sorts of bendy poses with the scroll as well! By the way, the shorter scroll will be completely made from the harder material. The soft paper is only used on the longer version!

(・∀・) “Other parts that work well with the smile… are these!”

S-She comes with these?!

(・∀・) “Yep! It was a tough choice deciding on what fun parts to give her, but we eventually decided on the takoyaki, the same as was found on the GAMERS special poster of Ryujo”

The see-though packaging and even the stick to eat them with! Such wonderful detail! ♡

(・∀・) “Another thing that was on this poster was the pouch for holding her scroll! It’s also included!”

Ooooooooh! (*´Д｀)=з

The strap part is even made from actual fabric for unobstructed posing! Yay!

(・∀・) “These parts allow for more everyday life scenes – a rather different feel to the combat look!”

△ I want to go on a date and eat takoyaki while walking beside her!

Finally! What is her third expression?

(・∀・) “A Half-damaged expression!!!”

Just look at those downward facing eyebrows!! She looks so defeated!!

(・∀・) “This time we decided it was time to include a half-damaged body once again! The skirt is all ripped up and jewel from her neck is hanging down… not to mention her shirt being ripped open showing her stomach!”

I personally love that her little belly button is showing! ♡

Even the reverse side has a damaged look to it!

Even the torn right shoulder has been faithfully added to the damaged body!

(・∀・) “It was quite a tough Nendoroid to work on, but I think we packed her fill with Ryujo love! I’m sure fans will enjoy adding her to their collections!”

Be sure to give her lots of love!

Nendoroid Ryujo!

She is up for preorder as of today! ♥︎

Plus as usual. orders from the GOOD SMILE ONLINE SHOP will include a special Nendoroid stand a box sleeve! ♪

･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ

Finally a quick notice!

Kahotan Blog will be on break from the 8th April to the 10th April 2015!

GSC Support will also be unavailable at this time. Please see the GSC Support site for more details! http://partner.goodsmile.info/support/eng/

We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause!

･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ ﾟ･*:.｡..｡.:*･ﾟ



／Kahotan’s Inner Voice＼ ／—–––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––＼ The cherry blossoms were in full bloom last weekend! ＼＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿／

O

o

∧,＿,∧

（`・ω・)つ━☆・*。

⊂ ノ ・゜+.

し’´Ｊ *・ °”

See you all again tomorrow!!

Planning Team / Kahotan

Twitter ID: gsc_kahotan

©2015 DMM.com/KADOKAWA GAMES All Rights Reserved.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236803-189760276a691e35a80feb08b51d9a52.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005063 00000000000 014703  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Have your say

Preston North End manager Simon Grayson felt that his side were fully deserving of their victory over Reading.

Jermaine Beckford and Daniel Johnson netted in the 2-1 win at the Madejski Stadium, Johnson’s winner arriving a few seconds into stoppage-time.

Beckford had given North End the lead in the 55th minute, the visitors’ dominance finally paying off.

Stephen Quinn’s 86th minute equaliser for the Royals pegged PNE back, only for Johnson to meet Adam Reach’s pass in the box and tuck a composed finish past home keeper Ali Al Habsi to the delight of 778 travelling Preston supporters.

Grayson said: “We certainly warranted the victory, our attacking play today was probably as good as it has been all season.

“I thought we played exceptionally well, we played a quick game in which we passed the ball very well.

“How we didn’t come in at half-time ahead, is a mystery.

“We need to be more ruthless, although give credit to Paul McShane who made a great tackle and Ali Al Habsi who made some great saves.

“We got into some great positions but didn’t finish the game off – we could have done that by half-time.

“In the second half we knew that we had to go again to go and win the game.

“The lads showed again that they are not on their holidays.

“We had said to them before the game that we wanted to finish the season in a positive manner and get as many points as possible.

“A lot of teams might have settled for a 1-1 draw when Reading equalised.

“Had we drawn the game we would have been hugely disappointed because of all the chances we had.

“They showed they have a fantastic spirit for each other and for the club, and went on to rightly win the game.”

Grayson felt that Johnson had put in his best performance for quite a while in the PNE midfield and was pleased to see Beckford on the scoresheet again.

He said: “Jermaine and Joe Garner were a handful, we played DJ just behind them in a position which meant he could be more expansive.

“Becks stretched the game and opened it up for others to get on the ball.

“We used the ball well, went short, long and out wide.”

Victory kept PNE in 11th place, three points ahead of Leeds United who they play on the final day of the season next Saturday.

They are guaranateed a top-half finish if Queens Park Rangers fail to beat Burnley on Monday.

Grayson reported that Greg Cunningham had twisted his ankle when landing awkwardly after going up for a header in the second half.

Skipper Tom Clarke missed the game after suffering a slight calf strain in training on Friday.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0236807-bf305f294ff732856b5b65c2a008c353.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002671 00000000000 014762  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A contractor trimming trees on private property in Bloomfield inadvertently knocked down a utility pole and overhead electrical wires across train tracks, halting NJ Transit rail service on the electrified line between the Newark Broad Street and Bay Street stations in Essex County, officials said.

Service on that stretch of the Montclair-Boonton Line was suspended because of downed overhead wires around Watsessing Avenue shortly before noon, officials said.

While repairs are being made, passengers are able to exchange their rail tickets for tickets to NJ Transit or DeCamp buses, and substitute busing also is being offered between Newark Broad Street and Bay Street stations, officials said.

Service initially was suspended on the Montclair-Boonton line in both directions, but is once again available between the Montclair State University and Bay Street stations.

“A preliminary investigation found that the downed lines resulted from a downed power pole — triggered by a tree trimming contractor working on private property,” said John Durso Jr., an NJ Transit spokesman. “The contractor was not working for and is not affiliated with NJ Transit.”

"This is an unfortunate series of events involving matters outside NJ Transit's control," he added.

Train stops between Newark Broad Street and Bay Street include Watsessing, Bloomfield and Glen Ridge.

For more scheduling and service information, customers can visit www.njtransit.com.



                                                                       0236804-fe1263d1741593cda2f63b458c124628.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005336 00000000000 014677  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Hillary Clinton tweeted to her followers to have a happy Thanksgiving. | AP Photo Hillary Clinton’s Thanksgiving surprise spearheaded by 6-year-old boy

Hillary Clinton received a display of gratitude near her home Thursday as a collection of colorful signs were posted thanking the former Democratic nominee for president.

The effort was spearheaded by a 6-year-old named Liam. He cheered for Clinton throughout the election and sobbed on election night as the results came in, said his mother, who asked that their last names be kept private to avoid online harassment. Not long after the election, on a drive near Clinton’s Chappaqua, New York, home, Liam was disappointed that there was only one sign reading, “We love HRC.”

Story Continued Below

“Liam said there ‘should be lots and lots of signs,’ because ‘she's probably even sadder than me,’ ” his mother recounted in a note to friends inviting them to participate in Liam's project. “[S]o he wants to go back and leave lots of signs on Thanksgiving – to say ‘thank you,’ show support, love and encouragement. If anyone else wants to help by making a sign for his little project, let me know!”

His mother told POLITICO on Thursday that “We got some posters emailed to us and a few dropped off. Liam and I made some, too.”

The colorful signs, with messages including “Thank you Hillary!” “We are thankful for Hillary, an American Hero,” and “I’m with her,” caught Clinton’s attention.

“I was greeted by this heartwarming display on the corner of my street today. Thank you to all of you who did this. Happy Thanksgiving. -H,” Clinton wrote on Twitter Thursday afternoon, signing the tweet with her first initial to signify it was sent by her, and not staff.

I was greeted by this heartwarming display on the corner of my street today. Thank you to all of you who did this. Happy Thanksgiving. -H pic.twitter.com/b69mW3Oqbf — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) November 24, 2016

“Hoping everyone has a safe & Happy Thanksgiving today, & quality time with family & friends. -H,” Clinton wrote a few minutes before posting the picture.

Hoping everyone has a safe & Happy Thanksgiving today, & quality time with family & friends. -H — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) November 24, 2016

The former candidate and her Twitter account have been largely absent from the scene since Donald Trump’s surprising election win. Clinton delivered a concession speech the morning after the election and spoke a week later at an event for the Children’s Defense Fund.

Clinton has, however, run into some supporters — occasions that led to pictures that have raced around social media.

Clinton’s popular vote lead over Trump recently surpassed 2 million votes.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236266-e42a56953cb6c576ef46a2485781105e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007040 00000000000 014710  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        

We’ve found that if there’s one food Michiganders know and love, it’s pizza! While amazing pizza can be found all across the state, some may argue that “Detroit-style” pies top the charts. Guest blogger and pizza enthusiast, Tony Sinicropi, takes us on a historical tour through the pizza of Detroit and where to grab a slice.



Buddy's Pepperoni Pizza | Photo Courtesy of Buddy's Pizza



Detroit-style pizza, a descendent of Sicilian-style pizza, traces its roots to one man – Gus Guerra. In 1946, Gus owned what was then a neighborhood bar, Buddy’s Rendezvous, when he decided he needed something new for the menu. He enlisted the help of his wife, Anna, who borrowed a dough recipe from her Sicilian mother. The Sicilian dough, topped with cheese and tomato sauce, would become the model for pizza in Detroit.



The key ingredient in a proper Detroit-style pizza isn’t something you eat – it’s the pan. The characteristics of the pizza – the soft and airy square crust, the crunchy exterior, the caramelized cheese that edges the pizza – are all due to the deep pans in which the pizzas are baked. The pans are a thick steel that are more similar to a cast iron skillet than a cake pan. Legend has it that Gus got his initial batch of pans from a friend who worked in a factory that used the pans for spare parts. Detroiters have been fighting for corner slices ever since.



We went with the classic Detroiter – cheese, sauce, and pepperoni on top so that it crisps up and chars slightly. The sauce is what sets Buddy’s pizzas apart – the bright tomato sauce and a hint of herbs act as the perfect complement to the salty pepperoni. With the bocce ball courts outside and a bar area lined with pictures of Tigers legends, Buddy’s is a landmark worthy of its reputation.



Next on our itinerary was Cloverleaf Bar & Restaurant, founded by Gus & Anna after they sold Buddy’s Rendezvous in 1953. Cloverleaf claims to carry on the original recipe that Gus developed at Buddy’s. The extra crispy edges on this pie received high praise from the group.



3. Detroit Style Pizza Company – St. Clair Shores

Detroit Style Pizza | Photo Courtesy of Detroit Style Pizza Company

We also made it to the new kid on the block, Detroit Style Pizza Company, run by World Pizza Champion Shawn Randazzo. After owning and operating a Cloverleaf location with his mother for 16 years, Shawn decided to branch out and put his own spin on the square pie and opened Detroit Style Pizza Company. Shawn was also crowned as the World Champion Pizza Maker of the Year at the 2012 International Pizza Challenge. After trying his “Margherita in the D” pizza, I can see why. The sauce made of crushed tomatoes and topped with fresh basil, roasted garlic, and red onion provided a nice change of pace from the more traditional places.



Our next stop on the lineage tour was Loui’s Pizza, founded by a long-time chef at Buddy’s, Louis Tourtois, which explains the similarity between the pizzas at each location. Similar to Buddy’s, Loui’s is frozen in time with its checkered tablecloths and hundreds of empty Chianti bottles that hang from the ceiling.



The best part is, you can’t go wrong with any of these spots. Next time you are in the Detroit area, be sure to stop in and grab a slice of pizza history.



About the Author: A born and raised Michigander, Tony runs the blog Great Lakes, Better Food, which chronicles his food adventures from all over the state. He lives in Ann Arbor with his wife and their dog, Lucy, who are both eager to accompany him on his adventures.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0236726-ba9f2130563a08da72c2a2cc26d4f8c2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012630 00000000000 015154  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        If there's one obstacle between you and your coffee it's how to get beans dissolved into water, and without a coffee grinder on your side, you're going to lose the battle. Though there are a lot of lazy-man's-beliefs about what's suitable for home coffee brewing, there's one essential truth: grinding fresh, and grinding in a good coffee grinder, is perhaps the single most important thing you can do to make your good coffee taste great.

"Ground coffee is not just coffee ground up," says barista and grinder engineer Michael Elvin of Olympia Coffee Roasters. "You need to have the right fineness/coarseness to get a good extraction. If it's too fine for the method of brewing, your coffee will be harsh and medicinal. Too coarse, your coffee will be thin and more like tea than coffee."

So whether you're still wed to the idea of months-ago-ground coffee in vacuum-tight tins, or if you proudly grind at home with a blade grinder, or run it through the giant machine at the supermarket (you know, the oily behemoth that smells like Irish Cream blend?), you'll benefit from at least a little of the science behind why grinding fresh and grinding evenly are so critical. You've heard the preaching, but it's true: a conical burr grinder is the only real way to ensure even particle size, and any other whirly-blade mechanism will offer uneven results at best.

And though there are certainly those times for all of us (tropical vacation, sleeping roommates) we'll feel the need to grind ahead (Elvin suggests that when traveling, you buy small amounts of coffee at shops en route and have them grind it for your brewer) your coffee will never have as much flavor than it does when grinding right before you brew. Alright, the basics dispensed with, let's look at some of the best choices on the market for you to start dropping holiday hints about before it's too late.

1. Baratza Virtuoso I frequently recommend Baratza's wide range of reliable, durable home grinders. The Virtuoso falls in the middle of their spectrum of "best you can afford" to "whoa, that's a lot of money". With a sturdy, weighted base, this machine feels like the powerful device a grinder should, and its variety of grind settings (from espresso to super-coarse for French Press) make it versatile enough for most home needs. Burrs are easy to clean (and also cheap and easy to replace, when the time comes) and customer service is excellent. An all around no-nonsense grinder that does a great job with small countertop footprint. Can be adapted (with extra items to purchase) to take a portafilter for home espresso baristas.

2. Hario Skerton What's that you say? Living off the grid? Even with easy access to alternating current, the Hario's iconic Skerton hand-mill is a fantastic way to get your coffee beans into smaller pieces. As hand grinders go, it's one of the best—small but with a good capacity in the grinds chamber, reasonably priced, and its durable ceramic burr set produces consistent and evenly-sized coffee grounds at a variety of settings. Adjusting the size of your grind will take a moment of getting-to-know-your-grinder time, but it's an easy machine to learn and love. The jar is designed to be held between the knees while grinding, for maximum ergonomics, and the bottom glass receptacle doubles as a storage jar that you can keep any excess grounds in for later if you need to.

3. Hario Ceramic Slim Doing the Skerton one better—or smaller anyway—is Hario's other manual grinder, the ceramic slim. This taller, skinnier model is easier to hold in your hand, but can only retain a smaller amount of grinds in its plastic chamber. That said, the chamber's got premeasured doses on it to make your repeated use while on the go that much easier. It's so small and light it makes the ideal travel grinder, fitting harmoniously into an overnight bag next to your Aeropress. This model is also slightly more intuitive to adjust grind size with than the Skerton. With fresh ground coffee this easy to make on the go, finding hot water is suddenly your only obstacle.

4. Baratza Vario A meeting of the supergrinderpowers, this high-end home grinder uses Baratza's ease of use and domestic footprint combined with German grinder pro Mahlkönig's superior ceramic burr set to offer a truly fine prosumer grinder that's as good for espresso as French press—or the more than 200 settings in between. It's portafilter-ready (but has a standard grounds-collecting chamber if you need it) and offers the ability to grind only exactly as much coffee as you want through digital dosing. Unfortunately, you can't remove the whole hopper from the top and swap it out (like in a real coffee shop), but it does almost everything else.

5. Breville Smart Grinder This recent entry into the home or very-slow-cafe marketplace is a real charmer, essentially attacking the Vario market at a more approachable price. Though it offers a much narrower range of grind sizes, it adds technology that automatically recalibrates the amount of a needed coffee dose as you surf for the ideal grind setting. Intuitive and clever, this may be a problem-solver for many geekier home baristas and a sturdy, attractive machine for the casual aficionado set. Hopper comes off for easy swapping, and the little guy also comes portafilter-ready with extra grounds storage containers to boot.

This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.                                                                                                        0236711-b44ae6029eaefbdd075d3262b4e8a486.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000075171 00000000000 015260  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        While researching exactly what the F-35 was, what benefits it brought and what features it had, i found a lack of informative and sourced descriptions available to read, this is my compendium of information i have found and compiled to give an accurate picture, everything i state is either directly sourced or within the sources listed. There is often competing information for certain aspects, I give weight to what pilots state is important and those who have relevant backgrounds or good information, i do not give credit to people who do not have the relevant backgrounds and either lack sources or misuse facts as well as those who use emotive language(usually a recourse to lacking knowledge on the subject), i would advise you to do the same.

If a link is no longer working it may still be accessible through http://archive.org/

For a general overview of Air Power and journalism read this, for understanding stealth try this and for past & present aerial warfare review this report.

For some of these videos, pay attention to the actual system demonstrations, ignore the narration/fancy graphics unless you want a laugh.

1) Distributed Aperture System(DAS) AN/AAQ-37 is 6 Electro-Optical sensors that watch a total 570 degrees, overlapping to provide safe 360 degree observation, they are positioned such that no part of the aircraft masks it’s 360 view. DAS provides automatic missile and aircraft detection, tracking & warning and integrates imagery to the HMD. Each aperture is interlinked to the ICP which runs the software algorithms that generates geo-registered threat reports and imagery which is then forward to either the HMD or Cockpit Display. DAS detects moving targets and has detected ballistic missile launches at 1,300km and detected tanks firing, the processing power of the ICP allows DAS to simultaneously track thousands of objects.

2) Gen III Helmet Mounted Display System(HMDS), All the information pilots need to complete their missions – airspeed, heading, altitude, targeting information and warnings – is projected on the helmet’s visor, rather than on a traditional Heads-up Display. Additionally, the F-35’s Distributed Aperture System (DAS) streams real-time imagery from six infrared cameras mounted around the aircraft to the helmet at near 20/20 vision acuity, allowing pilots to “look through” the airframe, a small strip at the bottom provides a 360 view, a compass/mini-map in the lower right corner and indicates the direction the pilot is looking. The helmet also provides pilots night vision through the use of an integrated camera, which because it’s FLIR isn’t as sensitive to bright lights. This helmet gives the pilot exceptional Situational Awareness which is the primary driver for engagement outcomes 80% of the time. Due to the precision required, padding inside the HMD is specifically molded to each pilots head shape. Current contracts have the price of the helmet at 301k which is slightly more than JHMCs. The HMD and DAS also par very well with the new generation High Off Bore missiles that can be targeted and launched at aircraft up to 90 degrees off bore and the Lock On After Launch feature will provide 360 degree missile engagement envelope.

Side Note: The Cockpit also features several advances, assembled by a team with 150 years of tactical aviation experience, it is dominated by two joint 10 inch by 8 inch Panoramic Cockpit Displays(PCD) with touch integration and extensive voice activation functionality, each PCD has an independent computer and can be subdivided into different modes. A few buttons do remain such as landing gear, electrical reset and engine on/off which work regardless of software. F-16/18/35 cockpits and a Norwegian comparison.

3) Electro-Optical Targeting System (EOTS) AN/AAQ-40, a combined FLIR and infrared search and track, it features laser designation, laser spot tracker for cooperative engagements, air-to-air and air-to-ground tracking FLIR, wide area IRST and generation of geo-coordinates to support GPS-guided weapons. It will initially be able to share still images to troops, a Common Data Link(CDL) will allow the Video feed generated to be sent to ground troops over a Rover Network, they could even control where the camera is pointed and indicate to the Pilot where they want targeted, this functionality is planned for Block 4. There are other programs aimed at furthering this interaction between ground troops and CAS. The EOTS has a long range, able to discern windows apart in a Hotel 50 miles away.

4) AESA/APG-81 Radar, this radar is exceptional with an Active Electronically Steered Array(AESA) of 1,676 T/R modules and can do vastly more than old Passive Electronically Steered Array(PESA) radars, especially with it’s integration to the ICP. It can track more aircraft, create high def SAR maps and then automatically identify targets(ATR), use inverse SAR to detect and identify maritime objects, use passive bistatic detection methods, can jam radars in combination with ASQ-239, can be used in LPI/LPD mode where it scans at different frequencies and power rapidly to avoid detection or it can use “closed-loop tracking” where after detecting an aircraft it will only use the minimal power to keep track of the aircraft, it can use Non Cooperative Target Recognition to “Map” out aircraft to identify them or analyze their thrust signature. The F-35 also has color-weather radar for navigating thunderstorms, squall lines, and fronts and is a first for fighters. The APG-81 won the David Packard award for it’s resistance to jamming. Here’s a simulation video.

5) AN/ASQ-239 “Barracuda”. While most aircraft carry crutch Electronic Warfare(EW) systems, the F-35’s was designed from the outset for integration, able to operate not just with other components within the aircraft such as the APG-81, it can operate with other F-35’s over MADL to perform EW operations together. The AN/ASQ-239 is an evolution of the F-22’s AN/ALR-94 which is described as the most complex and costly avionics piece on the F-22, the Barracuda has twice the reliability and is a quarter the cost of the ALR-94, as well as being able to reduce the 30 sensors on the F-22 to 10 sensors, it has demonstrated the ability to detect and jam the F-22’s radar. It’s able to precisely geo-locate emission locations hundreds of kilometers away, further then it’s radar can see and from there the APG-81 can be slaved to that data track and then detect and track the object with a very narrow beam, increasing power and detection on target while decreasing detection by other aircraft. At close range or against targets using Jammers it is capable of narrowband interleaved search and track(NBILST) against aircraft which provides precise range and velocity that can then be used by a missile without need of the APG-81, allowing 360 degree targeting of aircraft. The Barracuda can refer to it’s data-banks of known emissions and identify the source vehicle or store it for future classification. Other features are false target generation and range-gate stealing, offensive EW is possible, a towed RF decoy is also a part of the package as is MJU-68/B Flares, the counter measure dispenser’s can be seen from behind. The F-35 will also feature “cyber attack” capability.



6) The Communications, Navigation and Information(CNI) system. The CNI uses Software-defined radio (SDR) technology, SDR uses reconfigurable RF hardware and computer processors to run software that produces a desired waveform, the CNI can manage over 27 different wave-forms. One of the new wave-forms is the MultiFunction Advanced Data Link(MADL) developed for the F-35 which has a very high data(video streaming etc) transfer rate and is very hard to intercept or jam, giving the aircraft “stealth” communications, it also acts in a Daisy Chain fashion to operate over wide areas with numerous nodes(other F-35s). The F-35 will have LPI/LPD Link-16 capability as well. With it’s full suite of communications It can give information to another aircraft enhancing their situational awareness, this allows an F-35 that has expended it’s munitions to continue to act as an AWACS, furthering network centric warfare. If an F-35 see’s a ballistic missile it can give that information to a naval vessel who can send an SM-6 after it with the F-35’s targeting data, extending the range of AEGIS, or it can provide geo-coordinate data on a vehicle somewhere and guide in artillery GPS shells/rockets or missiles(tomahawks) etc. With the AESA radar the communications system can send or receive very large amounts of data very quickly.

7) Integrated Core Processor(ICP), Blocks and Code. At the core of the F-35 is the Computer systems, this is where all the information that every system gathers comes together and is fused then presented to the pilot. This computer system is designed to be very easy to upgrade and up to date, the power system was also designed to handle future loads as well as the use of fibre optics for high data transfer rates. The Code for the F-35 comprises 8.1 million lines, Block 1 had 76% of the code, Block 2 had an additional 6% that enabled basic avionic and weapon functionality, Block 2B is ongoing with version 2BR5, only data clean up is left and the USMC intends to declare IOC with Block 2. Block 3i will be next which the Air Force will go to IOC with, afterwards Block 3F will follow, the USN requires Block 3F for IOC. 98% of that coding is developed and in the labs, and 89% is currently flying. The estimated delay on Block 3F is 4-6 months without making changes but is within the buffer and will be ready for USN IOC. The F-35 also has very strong cryptographic security, only the US has the ability to modify the source code, but aircraft owners will be able to change geographic data.

8) Autonomic Logistics Information System(ALIS) and Maintenance, ALIS receives Health Reporting information while the F-35 is still in flight, the system, with 5 million lines of code, enables the pre-positioning of parts and qualified maintainers on the ground, so that when the aircraft lands, downtime is minimized and efficiency is increased. This system is the most delayed part of the JSF program and is encountering significant software issues but has a strong potential to enable much higher sortie rates and reduced ground maintenance requirements. The F-35 has complex health management system’s throughout the aircraft and engine. The F-35 also has closed-loop Electro-Hydrostatic Actuators that require no maintenance for their entire lifetime, this feature also has the benefit of avoiding the need for manual reversion after suffering damage. The F-35 has a 200hp gas turbine engine for starting the main engine, for environmental controls and emergency power if the engine were to fail.

9) Stealth, reportedly at 0.006m² to 0.001m² RCS or -30 dBsm(from 2005, newer comments state it’s smaller then an F-22), it has a vastly reduced detection range, what this does is reduce the enemy’s reaction times, allows the F-35 to operate outside of a targets engagement range and enables it to “first look, first shot, first kill” which sets the initiative of the fight in the F-35s favour. An F/A-18E/F has about 0.5m² RCS, if it was detected at 100nm the F-35 would be detected at 25nm. Stealth increases the effectiveness of Jamming. The F-35’s stealth is also much more maintenance friendly than previous aircraft, notably with the stealth coating cured into the skin. Another aspect of Stealth is the Thermal Signature, the F-35 incorporates lessons from the LOAN program for reduced engine RCS & thermals as well as advanced air bleeding and using the fuel as a heat sink.

10) Performance. The F-35 was designed with “F-16/F-18 like” qualities, for the difference between those planes refer here. To get a good idea of the F-35s maneuverability through unclassified means we can use three different methods, first is pilot comments; the F-35 is remarked by Col De Smit of the RNLAF as “turns like an F-16 with pylon tanks; but it climbs, descends & accelerates like a clean F-16” also to note is the F-35 has more fuel then an F-16 with pylon tanks. This also conforms with Lt Col Lee Kloos of the USAF who said “The F-35′s acceleration is “very comparable” to a Block 50 F-16.””Again, if you cleaned off an F-16 and wanted to turn and maintain Gs and[turn] rates, then I think a clean F-16 would certainly outperform a loaded F-35″”But if you compared them at combat loadings, the F-35 I think would probably outperform it.” Captain Morten Hanche states these points in his blog as well.

The second is Aerodynamic modeling which largely confirms the pilot quotes and allows us to make several more assumptions. At Sea Level it encounters relatively more drag(due to it’s “stubby” body) and has slightly worse performance then an F-16 but at high altitude(30k-57k) the penalty for this lessens out drastically. Carrying weapons on other aircraft significantly worsens their performance through the drag of the weapon and pylon whilst the F-35 is affected only by the weight, this makes the F-35 superior in combat loadings. F-16s and regular Hornets also require fuel tanks and pods(ECM, Targeting etc) to reach the same range/capabilities as the F-35, all of which increase drag and reduces hard-points for munitions.

The third is through extrapolation of the KPPs which reinforces our above statements, therefore we can conclude; The F-35A’s sustained turning compared to a Block 50 F-16C is worse at low/clean profiles, equal/better at high/combat profiles. Subsonic acceleration and climb rate is the same/better as a clean/combat F-16 and transonic acceleration should be similar to a combat loaded F-16.

A small detail is that compared to the F-16, the F-35A with “full war equipment” can cruise 10-15k feet higher without afterburner and cruise 50-80 knots faster, all of this additional energy is imparted on missiles.

The F-16 is limited to 26 degree Angle of Attack while the F-35 can pull 50 degrees(tested up to 101), the same as the F/A-18’s, the F-35 will have “superb low speed handling characteristics and post-stall manoeuvrability” similar to the F-18 and much better then the F-16. The F-35A has been tested to 9.88G with a design load of 9G, B & C are 7/7.5G, for reference the F-16 is also 9G while the F/A-18 is limited to 7.5G. Certain external stores will reduce the limits on AoA, G-force and max speed on all aircraft. Captain Morten Hanche describes the AoA difference and how it affects fighting here.

Combat Radius is 613nm which includes carrying 2 Aim-120s and 2x2k JDAMs over a combat profile mission, this is further then most aircraft it’s replacing, at optimal cruise range is about ~1700nm, max speed is 700KCAS or Mach 1.6 and it can supercruise at mach 1.2 for 150nm.

Payload is a standard 8 tonnes/18k pounds internal & external over 10 hard-points, an additional center-line hard-point can carry the Multi-Mission Pod or Gun Pod. The F-35 has 2 internal bays that can carry an AIM-120 and a ≤2,500 pound bomb or 4 SDBs or an additional AIM-120(2 in Block 4) in each bay for a total up to 2.2 tonnes/5k pounds. The F-35Bs bomb rack is limited to ≤1,500 pounds. The F-35 can carry many legacy munitions externally and several internally and a few weapons are being designed specifically to fit inside weapon bays such as the Joint Strike Missile, SDB II, SOM, JAGM and some future form of the maturation programs; Joint Dual Role Air Dominance missile and Triple Target Terminator missile.

The F-35A will posses an internal cannon(B/C will use a Pod) of 25mm caliber, the GAU-22/A which is 38% more accurate then the M61 Vulcan on Legacy jets and the same accuracy as the GAU-8 on the A-10, in addition it will have a cockpit programmable fire control system that accounts for the effects of wind and aim wonder on long-range air to ground employment opportunity. The GAU-22/A will have Armor Piercing High Explosive rounds, the combination of increased accuracy and more lethal munitions allows for a smaller ammunition storage for the same kill chance, the F-35A will have 180 rounds(Pod is 220), down from 511 on Legacy aircraft, which will probably provide 4-5 bursts.

11) Costing. Cost is a big contentious point for the F-35 but is often misrepresented with inflationary figures in $Then Year out to 2065, if we account for inflation the JSF program will cost a total $917 Billion in $2012 dollars, this is for development, procurement and sustainment out to 2065 of 2,443 aircraft. Development and Procurement is $59 and $257 Billion respectively, another 3.9 Billion for Construction and Operations & Sustainment is $597 Billion $2012. These estimates include Cost Growth Above Inflation over the 55 years as well as a mid-life upgrade and subsystems(ECM, EOTS etc) that legacy aircraft don’t include, there are also many factors in CAPE/GAO reports that is questionable such as depot level maintenance and removal rates, the latest SAR also doesn’t include newer data such as the Cost War Room that is set to save $41 Billion. JPO maintains an O&S cost of 535 billion. Production starts off in Low Rate Initial Production(LRIP) slowing ramping up to Full Rate Production(FRP) in 2018 and up to 120 aircraft per year in 2022, the prices for each lot decrease‘s as economies of scale increase and as more efficient production techniques are learnt.

Cost increases, there is a lot of confusion over the exact increase due to the issue of cutting aircraft and delays causing inflation to affect the amounts. In 2001 the SDD started with the idea of 2,866 aircraft and 35 billion in development but no baseline was approved, in 2003 the first baseline was approved at 2,457 aircraft(13 dedicated to testing) and 45 billion development. The original prediction was 177 Billion in $2002, this is 226 Billion in $2012 based on Bureau of Labor Statistics, the current estimate is 323 Billion in $2012, this means the program is 43% over the predicted amount when accounting for inflation, this has been declining since 2009 high of 345 Billion. Of this increase apparently 40% of it is accountable to Lockheed faults, 22% for Pratt & Whitney and the rest is Government changes either in requirements(war spares) or how to estimate costs.

The F-35 will have an individual 30 year operational life with production out to 2038 for a total 2,457 aircraft. The F-35 is replacing 1,200 F-16’s, 254 F-15C/Ds, 340 A-10’s, 100 Harriers, 662 Hornets and not scheduled to replace 200 F-15Es, 565 Super Hornets and 114 Growlers.

Now what about relative to other aircraft? Development is pretty pricey, at 55 billion its more than the F-22 at 42 billion, and the Euro-fighter and Rafale are about 30-25 billion respectively, the LRS-B is estimated to cost 24 billion, the B-2 cost about 37 billion.

How about aircraft unit costs? Unit Costs are often compared to older aircraft, this is not accurate as aircraft are always becoming more expensive as complexity and demands increase resulting in more highly capable, albeit expensive aircraft.

In $2012 dollars the F-35A is 76/86(lowest/average) million over it’s production run, the F-35B/C is 94/109 million. The F-16 Block 52 is likely 73 million, A Super Hornet is 63/79 million, a Growler is 64/72, the Gripen E/F is around 80-85 mil, the Rafale C is 87mil and M is 100mil, the Eurofighter T3 costs 110 million in $2012, the F-22 115/181 million These costs are UNRF. Unit costs are often confused between Unit Recurring Flyaway(basic airframe + engines + avionics), Unit Non-Recurring Flyaway(+ mission/weapon systems, ancillary and equipment), Procurement Unit Cost (+Spares), and Program Acquisition Unit Cost (+Development costs), it is important to compare the same cost measure. It is also very important to ensure calculations are made in same year dollars as inflation can rapidly change apparent pricing.

Also to remember is the aircraft lifetime, the Super Hornet is rated for 6,000 hours years where as all F-35s are 8,000 hours, to add more hours to the Super Hornet is called a SLEP and costs 28 million for 3,000 hours. The Eurofighter is rated for 6,000 hours and Rafale 7,000 hours, the F-22 is 8,000 hours, as is the F-16.

How about cost per flying hour?

The F-35A flies 250 hours(higher capability simulators replace some flying hours)per year at the cost of $32.5k per hour, cost of $8.1 million per year. An active F-16 flies 316 hours per year at a cost of $8.2 million per year and 26k per hour, the F-16 does not include pods(Fuel, ECM, Targeting) required to reach similar capability as the F-35. The F-16s cost is also increasing as it get’s older and will soon eclipse the F-35As. It’s important to compare the same type of cost, there is Operational Cost Per Flying Hour and the Variable Cost Per Flying Hour which is considerably lower.

An interesting exercise is the comparison of the F-22 to the F-35 projects. The F-22 started with an APUC of $35 million $1985 which is $70 million in $2009 in 2009 the APUC was $160 million with notable performance cuts and delays. Same goes for the F/A-18 although a much less risky program it still encountered significant issues such as a 50% price increase, schedule slippage, questionable performance etc. This GAO report was highly critical of the F-16 in 1977.

The F-35’s development timeline is also relatively moderate. The Rafale started development in 1982 and introduced in 2001(19 years). The Euro-fighter started in 1983 and was introduced in 2003(20 years). The Raptor started in 1986 and entered service in 2005(19 years). The PAK-FA, an evolutionary aircraft, started in 2001 and will be introduced in 2017(16 years). The Gripen started development in 1979 and was introduced in 1998(19 years). The Hornet was a redesign of the YF-17(9 years) from 1975 to 1983(8 Years) from which the Super Hornet evolved from 1992 to 2000(8 years). The F-35 in comparison to all of these started in 1996 with USAF IOC in 2016(20 years). Whatever happened to the four year aircraft?

12) Variants, There is an A version, the Conventional Take Off and Landing, the B version, a Short Take Off and Vertical Landing and C the Carrier Variant. The JSF designers were able to accommodate each of these with “virtually no scars” on the CTOL variant in regard to ship suitability.

The STOVL variant‘s fan system is exactly where some of the CTOLs(and CV’s) fuel tanks are, by sacrificing fuel(24% less), weapons storage(1,000 pound bombs instead of 2,000 but still 4 SDB2s), heavier weight(3,000 pounds) and some slight fuselage changes it’s able to utilize a fan driven lift system. The F135 CTOL/CV engine produces 28k/43k(dry/wet thrust). The STOVL engine produces 27k/41k, in STOVL mode 5,025 pounds is diverted to the LiftFan which then produces 18,575 pounds of lift another 3,400 pounds is split between each of the Roll Posts and the engine itself produces 18,575 pounds of lift for a total 40,550 pounds of lift.

The Carrier Variant has a large wingspan and tails, ailerons and strengthened structure, trade-offs are lower acceleration and max speed, benefits are larger fuel storage, better loiter time, tighter turn radius and allows it to perform carrier landings at very slow speeds and more steadily. The Carrier variant will have a smaller Spot Factor than the Super Hornet, 1.11 vs 1.24 relative to legacy Hornets.

Procurement numbers can be found in the Fast Facts.

Combat mode = Internal Stores + full fuel.

Length(ft) Width(ft) Wing Area(ft) Empty Weight(lb) Internal Fuel(lb) Combat Radius(nm) Wing Loading (Empty/Combat,ft) Thrust/Weight (Empty/Combat,lb) Instant/Sustained turning F-35A CTOL 50.5 35 460 29,016 18,250 613 63/113 1.48/0.83 9g/4.6g F-35B STOVL 50.5 35 460 32,412 13,500 469 70/106 1.27/0.85 7g/4.5g F-35C CV 50.8 43 668 34,519 19,750 610 52/88 1.25/0.73 7.5g/5g

13) Design Philosophy, the F-35 originates in the STOVL Strike Fighter(SSF) program around the single engine with a driveshaft driven fan system. The first design had highly swept wings which produced unstable pitch up at even moderate Angles of Attack and was abandoned, the next design had canards and no horizontal tail, this was optimized for supersonic flight. The USAF was interested in replacing the F-16 with another single engine aircraft and it was demonstrated that a conventional variant could be easily made by removing the lift fan & drive-shaft then substituting them with a fuel tank, this was met with approval and the Common Advance Lightweight Fighter(CALF) program was born. With the addition of 4 new ground-attack missions emphasis changed from a fighter with strike capability to a strike aircraft with some fighter capability, this was reinforced by the Gulf War in which most Iraqi aviation assets were destroyed on the ground, stealth and BVR missiles were more mature and the advent of high-off-boresight missiles reduced the need for maneuverability. The weapon bays were enlarged to carry 2,000 pound bombs at the price of increased wave drag, and the canards were replaced with horizontal tails and the aerodynamic center was shifted forward, this resulted in greater sub/transonic performance at the expense of supersonic performance. In addition each variant is highly different, using common parts where possible but otherwise using cousin or unique parts where necessary to tailor each variant to their respective roles. To accommodate the lift fan for the STOVL version it uses an entirely unique neck area that has a significant bulge which the A and C does not have. STOVL only has a minor impact on the other variants through the necessity of bifurcated inlet ducts(which come with stealth benefits) and a required lighter weight to keep commonality high.

We can get a good idea of how different mission sets result in different aerospace designs by comparing the F-22 and F-35. The F-22 and F-35 both carry the same amount of fuel, the F-35A/C has a preferred range of >600nm while carrying 5k munitions due to basing and targets in Iraq and Iran, the F-22 has a more relaxed combat radius of around ~500nm with only AA missiles because it’s role is primarily air superiority. The F-35A/C has to carry 2,000 pound bunker busters and cruise missiles while the F-22 only carries 1,000 pound bombs. The F-22 is vastly larger 62 long, 44.6 wide, 16.8 high vs the smaller F-35 at 51.4 x 34 x 14.2, the larger size of the F-22 gives it a better Sears-Haack aerodynamic profile reducing it’s wave drag allowing it to reach a very high top speed, the F-35 on the other hand focus’s on the Area Rule giving it good transonic performance. The F-35s width is slightly more than an F-18s and is dictated by it’s engine and weapons bay lengths. To have a side-by-side weapons bay like the F-22 that carries 2x2k munitions and 2 AA missiles the aircraft would need to be significantly longer, more than the F-22 because of it’s large single engine(5.16m to 5.59m) and longer bay (3.7m to 4.1m) requirements, this would make the aircraft much heavier, degrading performance and increasing cost. Therefore we can conclude that the F-35s focus on stealthy strike missions and affordability is the primary driver of it’s aerodynamic profile.

Criticism links:

DOTE reports 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010

GAO reports 4/15 4/15 3/15 9/14 3/14 6/13 3/13 3/12 3/11 3/10 3/09 3/08 3/07 3/06 3/05 5/03

Inspector General Quality Assurance and follow up.

Inspector General QA on Engine

Congressional Research

RAND & Commonality

Concurrency

Cost of Concurrency

Concurrency quick look

To Do List

Analysis/Interviews:

F-22 leading the F-35 evolution

Paradigm Shift

Re-norming Air Operations

RAND JSF planing and Brief of

JSF History

Case Study

Ready Room

F-35 and VHF

Australia’s reasoning for early entry

Canada reasoning

Details and interviews

Preparing /for the/ F-35

Commonality of the F-35 variants

Defining Concurrency

New Approach

Z Axis

A 21st-century Concept of Air and Military Operations

Tron Warfare

Early 21st Century War-fighting trends

Norwegian Blog Posts. The Office, Top Gun, Dogfights, What I’ve learned.

Miscellaneous links

SAR 1996-2007 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014

AIR International

Marine CONOPS

Flight Testing Updates

Road Map

Round-table discussion

Weight Watchers

Post SWAT

CATBird

Driven by Data

Summary video with demonstration of easiness of flight

Australian Audit

Australian

STOVL

Australian Parliamentary hearings.

F-35B Swivle Nozzle

Shaft Driven Lift System

Active Stick and Throttle.

Landing Gear

Manufacturing

Store separation

RAAF F-35 Facilities

Cockpit Vision

Design of Cockpit

Avionics

Jamming protection

Survivability and Live Firing

Engine survivability

Gun Ammo

Gun accuracy

Fire incident brief

Investigation Board

Fire incident report

More Survivability

MADL details

Bird Strikes

Sea Trials

F-35B in MEU dissertation

Training

HMD enhanced Training

Assembly Line Animation



Advanced Manufacturing

AR Goggles in Manufacturing

AR Goggles example

F-35 software

C++ Coding Standards

JSF commonality

Simulator Training

Simulator Article

Maintenance Symposium Presentation

Durability testing

Lateral Activity

Evolution of Electric Military Aircraft

Pollution Prevention

Fuel Systems

Electrical Sub-systems.



Oxygen Generation

On Board Oxygen Generation System

Military Avionics Systems (2006)

How it Works, Ejection Seat

Ejection Seat

Prognostics Health Management

F135 Engine

X-35 STOVL

F-35B on Australian LHD 1 234 56

ALIS and PHM

PHM



Data Driven PHM

X-35 to F-35

Structural Systems

Norway Presentation

Radar T/R production

Simulation Engineering

Dr Paul Bevilaqua Lecture



JSF Perspectives

STOVL Video

Rolls Royce Lift Fan

Simulation Facility

SECAF Brief – 27 October

Pax River Testing talk

Restructuring details

Simulation Cockpit usage explanation

Mission Data Reprogramming.

Reprogramming labs

Ship suitability

Thermal Management [Broken]

Export Control UK perspective

Speech

Precision Strike Association Brief

General Bogdan Interview

UK Parliament Brief

Operating bases and associating units.

CAS Summit

Armed Services Committee

Written testimony to Senate ASC 2014

Air to Air Analysis

JSF Close In Performance

Civilian Simulated Combat

AoA testing 2013

AoA testing 2015

F-35B OT-1 Testing on Wasp

F-35C Delta Flight Path IDLC Tailhook 2015 Clemence Brief

The Lightning II – Early Impressions of Working on the Front Line

Dutch flying the F-35

IR Guide to Fighter Aircraft

F-35 Pilot Meet and Greet

If you wish to see recent news on the F-35 this is a good feed.

Please do keep in mind the journalism that surrounds any complex subject.

http://www.sldinfo.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/A-Challenge-for-Informed-Public-Debate1.pdf

http://elementsofpower.blogspot.com/2012/07/f-22-journalism-vs-punk-journalism.html

Website version history/changelog is in this Dropbox V3.3- 04/11/2015 – Minor updates since.

Thanks to everyone at F-16.net for their tireless research and information gathering, a large majority of all this can be found somewhere on their forums.

Advertisements                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236812-ded6406840b8ffdae0274c301ff702d0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004637 00000000000 015170  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Brave Oliver, 12, recovering yesterday from his ordeal

Businessman Stuart Pettman was photographed, fingerprinted and forced to give a DNA sample after trying to get justice for his traumatised son Oliver. Mr Pettman, 43, was furious after Oliver was surrounded by older youths who fired the pistol into his head, back and leg after picking a fight with him in a park. He spotted the thug in the street hours later and insisted he accompany him to the police station. But he was stunned to find he was the one arrested. The father of two was surrounded by four policemen and told he was being held for assault with a deadly weapon after the airgun-toting youth made a complaint about him and his car keys were mistaken for a knife. Officers only released him after he had languished for seven hours in a cell as his wife Heather, 43, their daughter Stephanie, 14, and Oliver, ­worried about him.

I work hard, I don’t break the law, I’m polite, I try to do the right thing all the time, and they treated me like a criminal Stuart Pettman

Police have told him he will not be charged but the ordeal has persuaded Mr Pettman, who runs an ­internet service for financial traders, to move his family to Singapore where he is opening a new office. Speaking from his £800,000 detached house in Bexley Village, south London, he said: “To me, this is just typical of broken Britain, and I have had enough. “I work hard, I don’t break the law, I’m polite, I try to do the right thing all the time, and they treated me like a criminal. “I never touched this lad. He didn’t have any marks on him, there was no bruising on him or any other marks. All the witnesses who saw everything backed up my side of the story.”

Mr Pettman added: “I have always told the kids that the right thing to do if people harm you is to go to the police. Look what happened. They did nothing about these youths who were walking round shooting people with an airgun, but they were only too happy to treat me like a dangerous criminal.” Oliver was approached by four youths and three girls aged about 15 in the neighbourhood’s Golden Acre Park. Oliver said: “One came up to me and said ‘He’s a racist boy’. I’m not a racist at all. But he said I was and then he shot me in the back. “He asked me did it hurt?’ I said ‘No’. Then he shot me in my leg. Then he asked me to kiss the other lad’s feet. I said ‘No’ again, but he was reloading the gun.                                                                                                 0236789-3429430c3070e8d91d941489a9a0892b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010356 00000000000 014562  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Now that’s science we can all get behind!

The Joint Polar Satellite System-1, a joint project of NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , is scheduled to launch from Vandenberg Air Force Base near Lompoc, Calif., at 1:47 a.m. Wednesday.

(A few previously scheduled launches have been scrubbed, however, so we’ll see what happens.)

The Delta II rocket set to launch the JPSS-1 satellite is illuminated as night falls at Vandenberg Air Force Base. It is scheduled to launch early Wednesday. Kim Shiflett / NASA

Once JPSS-1 makes it into orbit, its suite of five state-of-the-art instruments will collect the most high-resolution observations yet of our planet’s atmosphere, land and oceans, NOAA officials said.

“These instruments are so precise that they can measure temperatures to better than one-tenth of a degree in the entire atmosphere, from the Earth’s surface up to the edge of space,” said Greg Mandt, director of the JPSS program for NOAA.

The data these sensors collect will be fed into weather prediction models in almost real time. Ultimately, it will inform the seven-day forecasts you see when you hit the weather app on your phone, or turn on the morning news to decide whether or not to grab an umbrella.

JPSS-1’s observations will also help forecasters predict and study major weather events and allow them to better advise communities about when they need to evacuate because of a hurricane or whether a school or workplace should call a snow day.

JPSS-1 is what’s known as a polar orbiting satellite. It flies 512 miles above Earth at speeds of about 17,000 mph in an orbit that takes it from pole to pole. Because the planet continues to spin beneath it, JPSS-1’s instruments will scan the entire globe twice each day.

This kid-friendly animation tells the story of JPSS-1.

The instruments aboard JPSS-1 include the Advanced Technology Microwave Sounder, which can peer through the clouds to measure atmospheric temperature and moisture.

The Cross-track Infrared Sounder (CRiS) measures the same things in much greater detail, but can only collect data in cloud-free areas.

The Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite (VIIRS) instrument is used for weather forecasting and environmental assessment such as determining sea surface temperatures or tracking floods and fires.

Those super-sharp hurricane images you may have seen in the last few months were taken by the same instrument currently flying on another satellite.

This high-resolution infrared image of Hurricane Irma was taken by a VIIRS instrument aboard a NASA-NOAA satellite as the storm approached Puerto Rico on Sept. 3. NASA/NOAA

JPSS-1 also has the Ozone Mapper and Profiler Suite (OMPS), which tracks the health of the ozone layer and helps monitor dangerous ultraviolet radiation that could increase our risk of cancer.

Finally, the Clouds and the Earth's Radiant Energy System (CERES) will measure the reflective sunlight and thermal radiation emitted by clear or cloudy skies above the Earth.

Mandt explained that all these instruments are designed to work in tandem to inform how we respond to weather.

“For example, VIIRS can tell us the location of a fire and track the smoke plume, while the CRiS instrument can measure the carbon monoxide and methane emanating from the fire, allowing us to see where the air quality may affected,” he said.

Mitch Goldberg, chief scientist for JPSS-1, said the new satellite sensors are so sensitive that they could detect a fire in the wilderness that is just 25 feet by 25 feet.

Louis Uccellini, director of the National Weather Service , said satellites such as JPSS-1 are essential for helping emergency managers get accurate weather forecasts up to seven days in advance.

“This gives them the high level of confidence that they need to make critical decisions that protect American lives and property,” he said.

deborah.netburn@latimes.com

Do you love science? I do! Follow me @DeborahNetburn and "like" Los Angeles Times Science & Health on Facebook.

MORE IN SCIENCE

Fires, droughts and hurricanes: What's the link between climate change and natural disasters?

A wake, some prayers and a little retail therapy: How NASA engineers mourn the death of a spacecraft

Scientists prove that the public pays attention to journalism                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236750-fe72b9176ddf6df2d08adec3695610e0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007661 00000000000 015274  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        An opinion piece written by a student at the University of California-Berkeley explaining her decision to leave Islam has been pulled from the school newspaper’s website over fears for the author’s safety.

The opinion piece, titled “On Leaving Islam,” recounted the personal story of the narrator (whose name we will withold) growing up a devout (though moderate) Muslim in Pakistan, but later abandoning the faith as she learned more about the world.

“If someone had told me six years ago that I would leave Islam and end up an atheist, I would never have believed him,” the author writes to open the piece. “But now, as a Muslim apostate and atheist, my journey couldn’t have led me any further from what I once knew to be true.”

According to the author, her departure from the faith was driven substantially by her inability to reconcile it with her increasingly liberal personal beliefs.

“I never accepted the male superiority and traditional gender roles that were part of my society,” she says. “For most of my teen years, I felt torn apart by my contradictory beliefs. On one hand, I was a radical feminist who supported gay rights. But on the other hand, I was a practicing Muslim whose religion was clearly homophobic and placed men above women.”

The author made several attempts to find a way to couple Islam with her personal beliefs, but ultimately it was not to be.

“After trying to understand Islam through a plurality of perspectives — orthodox, feminist, Sufi and liberal approaches — I decided to leave Islam, but by that point, I had realized that I didn’t need to look at things as black and white. I could leave Islam without dismissing it or labeling it as wrong,” the author said.

While the author’s rejection of Islam is in far less harsh terms than those used by other apostates, such as Ayaan Hirsh Ali, her willingness to state her beliefs has apparently still exposed her to a backlash. A few days after the article was posted, it was taken down and replaced by a note from Californian editor-in-chief Kimberly Veklerov that reads “This opinion blog has been retracted because of personal safety concerns.”

The precise nature of these safety concerns, and whether they arose in reaction to direct threats levied against the author, is not clear. The Daily Caller News Foundations reached out to both the author and Veklerov for further details, but only Veklerov replied and she declined to comment.

There is an element of irony that the author should be so imperiled by writing the article, because it has a moderate tone and offers substantial praise for the Muslim world.

“Islam is still extremely misrepresented and shrouded with stereotypes,” the author writes. “I want to address these stereotypes and portray Islam in all its diversity. I’ve experienced the religion firsthand and have also viewed it as an objective bystander… I want to share what I’ve learned about Islam over the years. I plan to defend it and give credit where it’s due — Islam, after all, gave women the right to work and own property back in the seventh century — and I also plan to ruthlessly point out areas that need reform (yes, Islam does allow men to have four wives and sex slaves).”

Intolerance of apostasy is widespread in the Islamic world. More than 20 countries treat apostasy as a crime, and several, including Saudi Arabia, Pakistan, and Iran punish it with death. A Pew survey of Islamic countries in 2012 found widespread popular support for these punishments, with several countries having a majority of Muslims endorse the death penalty for apostasy.

This isn’t the first time that viewpoints critical of Islam have struggled to be heard on campuses. Last year, ex-Muslim Ayaan Hirsi Ali had an invitation to attend Brandeis University’s commencement revoked after protests erupted over strong anti-Islam views.

The full text of the article, without the author’s name, can be read here.

Follow Blake on Twitter                                                                               0236756-6462d596d0aabdcd0753e6239f781d6a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005522 00000000000 015131  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Stranded tourists in Kaikoura have finally been evacuated by Navy ships.

Four German backpackers who were trapped north of Kaikoura are still overwhelmed by the hospitality of one farming family.

Kim Kleine Holthaus, 22, Jana Denker, 22, Helena Odrian, 23, and Jessica Singletary, 24, arrived in Christchurch early on Thursday morning on the HMS Canterbury from Kaikoura and fly home on Saturday.

Their short trip to the South Island was the end of their three weeks in New Zealand.

GEORGE HEARD/FAIRFAX NZ German backpackers who were transported from Kaikoura to Christchurch on HMS Canterbury. From left: Helena Adrian, Jessica Singletary, Jana Denker, and Kim Kleine Holthaus.

On Sunday they all did a bungee jump in Hanmer before setting up camp on the surfing beach near Meatworks about 14 kilometres north of Kaikoura.

READ MORE:

* Quake evacuees from Kaikoura arrive in Christchurch on HMNZS Canterbury

* Response teams gather in Kaikoura, waiting for navy ship

* Overland relief reaches Kaikoura

* Slow process to freedom for tourists

Hours later their adrenaline levels shot up again in the middle of the night. When the ground started shaking, one of them panicked.

The women hastily crammed their air mattresses into their rental van and joined the convoy of cars heading towards Kaikoura.

They didn't get very far. A local farmer, Andrew Snow, diverted 15 campervans from the main road onto his property in Hapuku, "Snow's Inn".

Only a little bit further along the road was cracked open.

Forty people ended up camping on the property, with Andrew and his wife Donna putting on a big barbecue over the next two nights for the whole group.

"Their meat was thawing in the freezer because the power was gone. We ate crayfish for the first time and had bacon in the mornings," Odrian, a real-estate agent from Bremerhaven said.

IAIN MCGREGOR/FAIRFAX NZ Stranded tourists wait for a ride out of Kaikoura.

"It was just incredible what they did for all of us. We still don't know how to thank them. We had nothing to give back to them."

The friends had enough water to drink and washed in a creek.

They spent the next day trying to find cell phone reception and played cards with the other stranded tourists from all around the world who became like family.

Once they could get back into the damaged town, the Germans helped the farmer's wife to restack shelves in the Kaikoura pharmacy.

The waiting game of leaving the area – "we didn't know if it would take weeks" – was sweetened by the overwhelming support of the locals.

"I cannot believe how friendly, calm and helpful everyone was", Odrian said.

"People brought us sunscreen lotion, snacks and cakes while we queued for hours to get on the boat."

The dinner on the navy vessel was another treat they hadn't expected – "like a 4­-star hotel".

Even if New Zealand's nature let them down, the people didn't.                                                                                                                                                                              0236839-eca625ee308fac699daad36b7de1b0c2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002236 00000000000 015476  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Fighters of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) have mounted a suicide attack on an Iraqi army regiment in eastern Fallujah, claiming at least 14 lives.

Military sources told Al Jazeera the attack on Sunday targeted a base in the village of al-Harariyat.

The fatalities reportedly included fighters of the Shia unit, Popular Mobilisation Forces, which is helping the government battle ISIL.

Iraq is going through its worst security crisis since the 2011 withdrawal of US troops.

ISIL, a splinter of Iraq's al-Qaeda branch, controls large swaths of the country's north and west after capturing Iraq's second-largest city of Mosul and the majority of the western Anbar province last year.

ISIL has been carrying out attacks against government forces, and now holds about a third of Iraq and neighbouring Syria in its self-declared "caliphate".

Since its emergence, Baghdad and other large cities have seen near-daily attacks, with roadside bombs, suicide blasts, and assassinations targeting Iraqi forces and government officials, with significant casualties among the civilian population.

The violence has killed hundreds and displaced tens of thousands of Iraqis.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236829-35c319bc8e1e95cb558225e9e8d46055.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000030100 00000000000 014773  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        "[M]y policies are so mainstream that if I had set the same policies that I had back in the 1980s, I would be considered a moderate Republican."

- President Obama, Univision interview, Dec 14, 2012 "The difference between the Obama Tax Cuts and the Bush Tax Cuts? Obama's are permanent."

- Joe Weisenthal, Business Insider, Jan. 2, 2013

In the aftermath of the fiscal cliff deal, there was as flurry of argument over whether or not President Obama got a good deal - which seems to very much depend on what your definition of a "good deal" is - and who is it for. For my money, the most sensible commentators all point out that this was but a prelude to coming fights, and that Obama's not even fighting for what matters most, which is getting the economy back to growing again - the most effective way to bring deficits down - while protecting the most vulnerable and preserving America's admittedly undersized welfare state.

The tragic reality is that while the Tea Party Republicans are downright delusional, Obama's relative sanity is much more methodological than substantive. Consider, if you will, an instructive bit of world financial history.

In 1748, Great Britain's debt-to-GDP ratio crossed the fearsome threashold of 100 percent - the level that today's American elites regard as catastrophic, and cause for sustained multi-decade plans for budget-cutting - with Obama representing the "sane" and "balanced" way of approaching this. Great Britain, of course, was only just beginning its period of world dominance as the leading great power, so it must have quickly gotten its house in order, and brought down the debt-to-GDP ratio to manageable levels - right?

Well, er, not so much. In 1754, the debt-to-GDP ratio dipped to 98 percent... for two years, before rising over 100 percent again, where it stayed for more than a century, until 1860. For more than a decade, from 1814 to 1826, it was over 200 percent. The average for this entire period of 111 years was 152 percent. If only Barack Obama had been around in 1748, to keep Great Britain on a balanced path of deficit reduction, who knows what heighths of wealth and technological progress that nation might have achieved, right?

Inside Story Americas

What is behind the US fiscal cliff standoff?

Rather than look to Great Britain's impressive century-plus run, Tea Partiers like to warn that America is on its way to becoming Greece - but that's utter hogwash. Greece doesn't control its own currency. Within the EU, it has the fiscal status of a US state. Not only is the US sovereign in its own currency, that currency is the reserve currency for the rest of the world, the safest investment vehicle there is - which helps explain why it's so sought after even though 10-year bond rates currently pay negative interest rates when adjusted for inflation.

In fact, the only other nation that America can be compared to is Great Britain during its long run as the world's leading economic and financial power - which, as I've just noted, was a period marked by an extremely long period of higher debt than America has ever known, except for a few brief years in and after World War II.

If a leading world power can sustain debt-to-GDP ratios over 200 percent for more than a decade - and still remain the leading world power for nearly a century thereafter - then something is fundamentally wrong with the entire economic debate that's enveloped Washington ever since the 2008 financial crises hit. It's not that people aren't coming up with some decent answers - they're nowhere near even asking the right questions. If Great Britain's historical example has one over-riding message it's this: The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy was right: Don't Panic! Be concerned? Yes, of course. Panic? Not on your life. Panic can be far more dangerous and deadly than anything that sets it off in the first place. It can take a manageable, if serious, situation and turn it into a nightmare.

Moral panics

Indeed, the phenomenon of organised panics has been studied by social scientists for several decades now, and deserves serious consideration for the light it can shed on how America's political class is driving the country to ruin, one panicked wrong turn after another. Wikipedia introduces the moral panic concept thus:

A moral panic is an intense feeling expressed in a population about an issue that appears to threaten the social order. According to Stanley Cohen, author of Folk Devils and Moral Panics (1972) and credited as creator of the term, a moral panic occurs when "[a] condition, episode, person or group of persons emerges to become defined as a threat to societal values and interests".Those who start the panic when they fear a threat to prevailing social or culturalvalues are known by researchers as moral entrepreneurs, while people who supposedly threaten the social order have been described as "folk devils".

It goes on to note the observation that "American sociologists tend to emphasise psychological factors whereas the British portray moral panics as crises of capitalism". Witch hunts, pogroms, and red scares are well-known phenomena that fit into the more general notion of a moral panic, although they each rely on a more explicitly articulated pre-existing framework of mass blaming than the incidents and examples that first captured the attention of social scientists and guided the development of the concept. The eruption of rightwing hysteria over the so-called "ground zero mosque" (neither a mosque, nor at ground zero) in 2011 was a classic example of a moral panic.

Moral panics often centre around crime, drug use and youth activities more generally (comic books in the 1950s, rock 'n roll in the 1960s, video games in 1980s, etc). As these examples suggest, moral panics may or may not involve a legitimate concern at their core. That's not what matters from a critical perspective. These examples set a broader tone of widespread social anxiety that tends to de-emphasise the role of elite actors. But sociologist Scott Bonn shifted the emphasis back onto elites in his book Mass Deception: Moral Panic and the US War on Iraq. Given that the Iraq War was illegal under international law, and led to countless other violations as well, this conception clearly shifts the locus of deviance back onto the accusers, thus raising the issue of the role of projection in driving moral panics. Bonn's analysis also stresses the bipartisan nature of the process - despite the fact that the Democratic base remained highly critical if not outright opposed to the war at every stage.

Compared to the Iraq War, the term "panic" might not seem appropriate when used to describe the long-term elite campaign to dismantle America's welfare state. Yet, the term certainly appears to be justified if we think of how Ronald Reagan employed the myth of a black "welfare queen", or how Newt Gingrich, at the apex of his political power, repeatedly sought to blame horrific crimes in the national spotlight on the welfare state. The very fact that these two men were such crucial, central actors in the long-term war against the American welfare state, and that their outrageous and fanciful claims still resonate with many, lends strong support to the claim that this war ought to be understood as an example of a moral panic.

Neither Barack Obama nor Mitt Romney are the sort of politicians who do panic particularly well as a matter of style. But that doesn't mean they can't partake of its substance. Romney made this abundantly clear in one of his infamous "quiet rooms" when he disparaged the 47 percent - surely one of the largest groups of folk devils around:

There are 47 percent of the people who will vote for the president no matter what. All right, there are 47 percent who are with him, who are dependent upon government, who believe that they are victims, who believe the government has a responsibility to care for them, who believe that they are entitled to health care, to food, to housing, to you-name-it... My job is not to worry about those people. I'll never convince them they should take personal responsibility and care for their lives.

As odious and impactful as these remarks turned out to be in the 2012 presidential campaign, now that the campaign is over, Obama's actions - and more tellingly, his inactions - again reveal a troubling degree of elite bipartisan consensus. Obama may have clearly wanted the support of the 47 percent whom Romney despised, but when it comes to how he sees the nation's economic problems, he too is far more influenced by elite chit-chat in quiet rooms than he is by the views and life experience of the great unwashed. He joins the bipartisan majority of the political class in simply assuming that - one way or another - the problem with America is all those Americans, an assumption that's central to the driving vision behind the moral panic over the welfare state.

What panic makes us miss

[Investors.com]

The worst thing about panic is that it makes you overlook important things - things which could be key to solving the actual problem at hand. Here are few examples:

(1) The deficit is already shrinking rapidly. Writing for the uber-socialist rag, investors.com ("powered by Investors Business Daily"), in November, Jed Graham noted:

Believe it or not, the federal deficit has fallen faster over the past three years than it has in any such stretch since demobilisation from World War II. In fact, outside of that post-WWII era, the only time the deficit has fallen faster was when the economy relapsed in 1937, turning the Great Depression into a decade-long affair.

(Of course, the history on this is quite clear: The 1937/38 recession was caused by FDR's misguided policy shift to prematurely cutting back on government spending. FDR learned, reversed course, and recovery accelerated again.)

(2) Rather than being "out of control", government spending growth is already historically slow. Under President Obama, government spending has grown less than 1.5 percent per year, compared to more than 2 percent under Nixon/Ford, Reagan and Bush II - all three two-year GOP presidential terms in the last 50 years.

[Thinkprogress.org]

(3) The US short-term deficit is overwhelmingly due to the Great Recession. The structural deficit - that part not due to the recession - is low enough that we can grow our way out of it: Once we've recovered from the recession, which is still our top priority from an economic perspective This was all explained recently at yet another "bastion of socialism", Bloomberg View's The Ticker blog. Long-term health care costs are a different matter - but they're not due to Medicare per se, they're due to the wildly inefficient nature of the US health care system, which spends far more per capita than other countries with better health outcomes. Obamacare has improved the efficiency, extending the life of Medicare, but much more remains to be done.

(4) Because interest rates are so low, government can now borrow at negative rates (adjusted for inflation), meaning that it's actually very sensible to borrow more now to increase the speed that we get back to a full employment economy. It's utterly misleading to compare a money-printing national economy to a household, but if we must, it's like taking out a zero-percent loan to buy a home, and stop paying rent. In the right circumstances, more of the right kind of debt is exactly what you need to get out of debt. The 30-year rates are somewhat higher, but economist Brad DeLong has explained how government borrowing at those rates still amounts to that rarest of things for an economist - a free lunch.

These are hard things to hear in today's panic-driven political environment, but that's just the point: the panic is the problem. Eighty years ago, in his First Inaugural address, Franklin D Roosevelt said, "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself - nameless, unreasoning, unjustified terror which paralyses needed efforts to convert retreat into advance." It is as true today as it was the day those words were first spoken. If Barack Obama wants to attain the stature of FDR, he has to start thinking and acting like him. It's just as simple as that.

Paul Rosenberg is the senior editor of Random Lengths News, a bi-weekly alternative community newspaper.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0236801-36216086dfc40b31da61eb45a4ba6dd4.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004642 00000000000 015151  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        KALAMAZOO, Mich. (AP) — A lawsuit against Uber filed in the name of a driver accused of gunning down six people in between stops to pick up fares is a hoax, authorities said Thursday.

Kalamazoo County Undersheriff Paul Matyas said he saw reports Wednesday about a 1½-page handwritten lawsuit by Jason Dalton seeking $10 million from the ride-hailing service and became suspicious because the envelope it reportedly was mailed in had a Philadelphia postmark.

An investigator spoke with Dalton, who is jailed, and he denied filing the lawsuit, Matyas said. Dalton also said he didn’t authorize anyone to file a lawsuit on his behalf and he didn’t know who would have done so.

The sheriff’s department compared the writing in the lawsuit with a sample of Dalton’s writing and it didn’t match, Matyas said. It also wasn’t in an envelope typically used jail inmates, he said.

The lawsuit was listed in federal electronic records as being filed by Dalton in U.S. District Court in Detroit and was given a case number.

Asked whether his department was trying to find out who is responsible for the hoax, Matyas said his office referred the matter to the FBI, since the lawsuit was filed in federal court.

Jill Washburn, a spokeswoman for the FBI’s Detroit office, said the case is “considered a civil matter as far as we’re concerned” and the agency doesn’t plan to investigate it.

Dalton’s attorney, Eusebio Solis, didn’t respond to an email.

Detroit federal court spokesman Rod Hansen said the filing went through the typical steps: It was processed by the clerk’s office and assigned both a magistrate judge and judge. Hansen said such letters from jail or prison inmates are common.

“There was no reason for us to believe it was a hoax or non-hoax,” he said. “At some point along the way, those procedures are going to catch the fact that this person isn’t who they say they are.”

Hansen added the court isn’t an investigative agency but would cooperate with any investigation into the matter.

Dalton is charged with murder and attempted murder in the killing of six people and wounding of two others over a span of several hours on Feb. 20. Authorities say that in between picking up Uber fares in Kalamazoo, Dalton opened fire on people at three locations, and that he didn’t know any of the victims.

According to police, Dalton told investigators that “a devil figure” on Uber’s app was controlling him.                                                                                              0236806-b64dad744c565187adf26eb234e79666.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006502 00000000000 015057  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Dec 26, 2015; Brooklyn, NY, USA; Washington Wizards head coach Randy Wittman coaches against the Brooklyn Nets during the first quarter at Barclays Center. Mandatory Credit: Brad Penner-USA TODAY Sports

Washington Wizards Must Start Winning At Home And It’s On Wittman

For bad teams to finally break through, they need to find ways to get wins at home. Once that’s accomplished, those same teams need to gets wins on the road. That’s typically how the transition works.

The Washington Wizards reached the former portion of the transition a few years ago after finally starting to become a somewhat dominant team at home. The problem is, they couldn’t win on the road. Last year, they won at home and on the road when it mattered most — in the NBA Playoffs.

Given how well they performed in the playoffs, we all assumed that the Wizards would continue to win games at home and improve on the road. Of course, that hasn’t been the case.

Washington is the only team in the Eastern Conference besides the Brooklyn Nets and Philadelphia 76ers, who are widely considered the worst teams in the NBA, to have a losing record at home.

On Monday night against the Portland Trail Blazers, who were coming off a blowout loss to the 76ers, the Washingon Wizards were embarrassed at home. That’s a problem.

If the Wizards want to seriously make a run towards the playoffs, they have to start by securing wins at the Verizon Center. You’d think that games against the Los Angeles Lakers and Blazers would be considered wins on paper, but the Wizards have managed to confuse everyone this season.

I tried to think of numerous parties to blame for their issue.

Could you blame the Verizon Center crowd for not really creating a home-like atmosphere?

Maybe.

But, ultimately the blame should be put on the team, or more importantly the person who’s supposed to prepare the players: Randy Wittman.

While the lack of enthusiasm inside the Verizon Center is an issue, I don’t think it negatively affects the product on the court.

It is what is it: the Washington Wizards fans in attendance are often there to watch the opposing team.

The Wizards have never had great fans and it probably doesn’t help that they’ve been losing for what seems like eons. Regardless of the atmosphere, though, the Wizards have to perform well wherever they play, because, well, they’re being paid to do so.

It’s on Randy Wittman for them to show up every game, and lately that obviously hasn’t happened.

Losing to the Blazers is a perfect example of why the coach has been failing to do his job.

I’m unaware of the team’s pregame preparations, but whatever Wittman has been doing clearly hasn’t been working. Instead of hitting the Blazers hard right out of the gate, the Wizards look lethargic and had a number of defensive breakdowns from the get-go.

They simply looked like they didn’t want to be there. Again: it’s on the coach to prepare the players and he’s failed to do so.

I’m not an NBA coach nor do I know how to fix the issue, but Wittman has been put in similar situations in the past. He has to figure it out quickly, otherwise this could be his last season in the nation’s capital. Losing at home is one thing, but dropping games to lottery-bound teams is another. Wittman has to do a better job of preparing his players as there’s no other way around it.                                                                                                                                                                                              0236793-c0413e3137cd37a23db536b80209f761.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003433 00000000000 014665  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Dutch Boyd Owes Two Plus Two $60K After U.S. District Court Upholds 2012 Judgement

May 05, 2014 Rich Ryan

After a more than five-year legal battle, Dutch Boyd is being forced to pay up.

On Friday, a three-judge panel of the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals upheld a March 2012 judgement against Boyd, claiming he acted in bad faith in registering the domain name "twoplustwopoker.com." Two years ago, U.S. District Court Judge Kent Dawson ruled that the two-time World Series of Poker bracelet winner's infringement was "deliberate and willful," awarding Two Plus Two Publishing LLC. $25,000 in statutory damages and $33,985 in attorney fees.

"[It's] definitely a bad beat," Boyd told PokerNews on Monday. “I guess there is one more person rooting for me to have a really successful Series this summer.”

Two Plus Two first filed suit against Boyd and Anthony Scocozza in December of 2009, claiming the defendants' actions, "disrupted or are intended to disrupt Two Plus Two’s business by, among other things, diverting web users away from Two Plus Two’s Web sites and forums."

Mason Malmuth, owner of Two Plus Two, denied comment, saying that he will release a statement on the popular "News Views and Gossip" forum. He then wrote the following on the forum:

"We'll be making a statement in the near future. But we're very happy with this decision."

This isn't Boyd's first notable off-the-felt incident; in 2012 he publicly sold a 14k gold bracelet that he won in a preliminary event in the 2008 Five Diamond poker series held at Bellagio.

"It's a nice looking bracelet, but I've never worn it," he wrote at the time. "So I'm selling it to raise some Christmas cash."

Get all the latest PokerNews updates on your social media outlets. Follow us on Twitter and find us on both Facebook and Google+!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0236775-38fa40846954c0e6109c7cb534bef1d5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001730 00000000000 015045  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        DHAKA: The Bangladeshi hosts of cricket’s World Twenty20 threatened to ban local supporters Tuesday from stadiums if they are seen carrying the flags of any of the other teams competing in the tournament.

The order came after an outcry over images of locals waving Pakistani flags during the recently concluded Asia Cup, also held in Bangladesh.

A Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB) spokesman said the board had issued a directive after it “noticed that some local fans were flying foreign flags flouting the country’s flag rules”.

“We’ve received instruction in this regard,” the spokesman told AFP, without clarifying.

“As such we've ordered security officials and guards to make sure Bangladesh fans cannot carry or fly flags of foreign nations in the stadiums.”

Bangladesh was part of Pakistan before the 1971 war.

The BCB order came on the eve of Bangladesh’s 44th Independence Day celebrations, marking the day when the nation went to war against Pakistan.                                        0236288-f80d8efde531da0470a63f4c89183c01.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003151 00000000000 015116  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        December 8, 2014 at 1:11 PM

A 26-year-old man was arrested for a suspected hate crime early Sunday after he beat a taxi driver unconscious and told him to “go back to your own country,” Seattle police said.

During the attack, the cabbie lost control of the taxi, which struck several parked cars and an apartment building in the Magnolia neighborhood, according to police. He was not seriously injured, police said.

The cabbie picked up three men and a woman in Belltown just before 2 a.m. Sunday and drove them to the 4200 block of 27th Avenue West, police said. One of the passengers gave the cabbie his credit card and the man apparently became angry at how long the transaction took, police said.

The man reportedly called the 34-year-old cabbie a “terrorist,” and said “you should go back to your own country,” and threatened to shoot him, police said. The man then leaned across the seat and repeatedly punched the cabbie in the face

Police said the cabbie lost consciousness and his foot slipped off the brake, causing the taxi to roll downhill, strike several cars and hit the stairs of an apartment building. The cabbie regained consciousness, and the attack continued, this time with the two other male passengers joining in, police said.

The three men fled when neighbors came out to investigate.

The main assailant returned to the scene while police were there and admitted to being involved, but claimed he had acted in self-defense, according to police. He was booked into the King County Jail for investigation of malicious harassment, the state’s hate-crime statute.

The cabbie was treated at the scene.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236034-3dd75686b06035685c8148e170e72553.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002534 00000000000 014466  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Cucamelon - The Doll House Melon

These tiny, 1" light-green fruits with darker mottling look like watermelons for a dollhouse. The flesh is white, crisp, and crunchy with a slight lemony tartness. The flavor is closer to a cucumber than a melon. This tiny treasure can match the crunch of pretzels and chips.

An excellent conversation piece in the garden, or as an edible centerpiece at the table. The vine is attractive and productive enough for hanging baskets. Also known as the Mexican Sour Gherkin, mouse melon or “Sandita” (little watermelon in Spanish).

One person described them as, “Cucumber with a bit of watermelon rind and a squeeze of lemon juice."

Check out the short video below from James Wong, an English botanist, BBC personality and "obsessive foodie grower" on the cucamelon from Sutton's Seeds in England. On a side note, we provided the seeds to Sutton's for the initial grow-out!

Uses

They are terrific in stir-fries; can be pickled just like French gherkins, eaten raw in salads or put up like Polish dill pickles. They also can be chopped and added to salsas for extra texture and flavor.

Growing Tip

In favorable climates, cucamelons produce tubers in the roots that can be overwintered for an earlier and large crop the second year!

Learn More

From the soil to the seed to the food you eat - we'll help you grow your best garden!                                                                                                                                                                    0236823-4ac8a9787b593a2f936d662e675f94fd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016674 00000000000 015114  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Deputies’ revised reports in SF beating prompt lawyer’s questions

A poster of Stanislav Petrov, 29, in a hospital bed is shown during a press conference, in Oakland, California, on Tuesday, March 29, 2016. Petrov was beaten in an alley on November 12, 2015 by Alameda County Sheriff deputies and his lawyers plan to file a federal civil rights lawsuit. less A poster of Stanislav Petrov, 29, in a hospital bed is shown during a press conference, in Oakland, California, on Tuesday, March 29, 2016. Petrov was beaten in an alley on November 12, 2015 by Alameda County ... more Photo: Gabrielle Lurie, Special To The Chronicle Photo: Gabrielle Lurie, Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 25 Caption Close Deputies’ revised reports in SF beating prompt lawyer’s questions 1 / 25 Back to Gallery

New allegations in the case involving two Alameda County sheriff’s deputies filmed beating a defenseless man in a San Francisco alley are prompting questions about why the deputies were allowed to alter their original reports on the incident after they and their attorneys viewed the surveillance video.

An attorney representing the car-chase suspect who suffered broken bones and serious head injuries during the beating said he suspected the Sheriff’s Office of trying to cover up wrongdoing by Deputies Paul Wieber and Luis Santamaria.

Sheriff Greg Ahern confirmed that Wieber and Santamaria had been allowed to resubmit their reports after viewing the video footage, which showed them striking Stanislav Petrov numerous times with their batons in a Mission District alley. But he denied that there was any malicious intent in the decision by the deputies’ superiors to send the reports back for changes.

Santamaria and Wieber submitted their revised reports four days after the Nov. 12 incident. Petrov, 29, had led the deputies on a 38-minute chase from Castro Valley after ramming two patrol cruisers in a stolen car. He ended up at the corner of Clinton Park and Stevenson Street in the Mission around 2 a.m. after he crashed the car and fled on foot.

The surveillance-camera footage shows the deputies knocking Petrov to the ground, punching him and clubbing him with their batons, even after he appeared to surrender with his hands on his head. The San Francisco district attorney’s office is investigating whether to file criminal charges against the deputies, who are on paid administrative leave.

Threat to safety

In the revised incident reports, which were made public this month after being released to a civil rights watchdog group, the Center for Human Rights and Privacy, the two deputies said Petrov had posed a threat to their safety and had resisted their attempts to take him into custody.

At a news conference Tuesday, Ahern revealed that Santamaria and Wieber had submitted a “draft” version of their report to the lead investigator in the Sheriff’s Office before the end of their shift Nov. 12.

“They authored their report and submitted it to the lead investigator, who was going to take the case and present it to the district attorney,” Ahern said. “When the investigator reviewed the report, he found it lacked some of the documentation in regards to the injuries to Petrov.

“The deputies were not totally aware of all the injuries to Petrov, so they weren’t documented at that time,” Ahern said. “The investigator knew of those injuries, so he wanted further documentation in that regard and called them back in because of their days off.

‘Final version’ altered

“When they (Santamaria and Wieber) were called back in, they learned there was a video that got out to the media,” the sheriff added. “When they learned of the video, they contacted their representative, which is common in most serious critical events. With the assistance of their representative, they altered their final version of that report.”

Ahern said that practice was “very common.”

Sheriff’s Office spokesman Sgt. J.D. Nelson said Santamaria and Wieber had a right to have their attorneys present once the video was released — the San Francisco Public Defender’s Office made it public Nov. 13 — and the investigation evolved from one into a car chase into one of possible officer misconduct.

Nelson said he did not know whether the two deputies’ original reports still existed.

Michael Haddad, an attorney who has filed a claim against Alameda County on Petrov’s behalf, said Wednesday that he hadn’t been told about the changed reports and called the action questionable. He said he had asked the Sheriff’s Office to produce the deputies’ original reports to see if there were any inconsistencies that could point to a cover-up.

Not small fixes

New allegations emerged this week that another deputy in the Mission District alley stole a gold chain and money from Petrov and used them to bribe a homeless couple to keep quiet about the beating. The Chronicle has learned that the deputy under investigation is Shawn Osborne, who has been placed on paid administrative leave.

Alison Berry Wilkinson, an attorney for Osborne, called the theft and bribery allegations “absolutely outrageous. Certainly none of that happened, by any stretch of the imagination.”

Haddad said the allegations were all the more reason to question the decision to offer Wieber and Santamaria the chance to revise their reports.

“This was not fixing typos and crossing t’s — this was creating a whole new document and new facts to justify their uses of force,” Haddad said. “They completed their original report. They turned it in, and then a supervisor told them to ‘do it again after you meet with your lawyers again and watch the video.’

“In a situation like this, where there are serious injuries from the force and the initial report completely underreports that force, you don’t throw away those reports. They’re evidence,” Haddad said. “You let the officer write a supplement, but the judicial system deserves to know what the officer’s first version was, just like any other suspect.”

‘An official document’

Attorneys for Wieber and Santamaria did not immediately return calls for comment.

Roger Clark, a police procedures consultant and former lieutenant with the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department, said officers are taught from the time they go through police academy that “you don’t change the original report — it’s an official document.”

He added that the deputies “are not allowed to change the evidence, and they’re certainly not allowed to do it with their lawyers with them. This report should be straightforward. These officers have been trained, tested and they know what is required in the report. They cannot be excused for something like, ‘I forgot I used my baton.’”

Possible contradictions

San Francisco Public Defender Jeff Adachi said he found it odd that the revised reports did not explain possible contradictions between the deputies’ version of events and what was shown on the video.

“The first thing you should say is, ‘We reviewed the video and here is our explanation,’” Adachi said. “They make no attempt to explain what the video shows, and that should have been in the report. It’s like the video never existed.”

Investigators declined to comment on any possible criminal charges regarding filing a false police report. But Nelson reiterated the sheriff’s stance that he would punish any deputies found to have committed wrongdoing.

If reports were falsified, he added, “those people will have to answer for that, too.”                                                                    0236817-7693b2a5b0e99cd676f848ca31119e99.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007236 00000000000 015017  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Image: Silent Circle

Getting people to pay for anything nowadays can be tricky. That also applies to privacy, according to Phil Zimmermann, creator of popular encryption program PGP and co-founder of Silent Circle, the company behind Blackphone, a phone which provides end-to-end encryption for texts and calls.

"Something I've learned over the years in security, is that individual consumers cannot pay for things. They want everything for free," Zimmermann said in a phone interview. "People want their privacy for free. They want everything for free."

That's one reason why Silent Circle is now aiming Blackphone primarily at businesses that need to keep their communications secure.

Since the Edward Snowden revelations of 2013, plenty of free encrypted messaging apps and services have popped up, some being downloaded hundreds of thousands of times. Products like Blackphone try to push privacy even further by offering complete devices that claim greater security—but it seems they haven't taken off in the same way.

"They'll say 'Give me liberty, or give me death! But I don't want to pay $50,'" Zimmermann said of consumers' unwillingness to pay for privacy. The second model of the Blackphone is currently being sold for $799.

The Blackphone 2. Image: Silent Circle

Meanwhile, he said that enterprises and businesses understand that serious security needs to be paid for, and are willing to invest money in protecting their communications, data and intellectual property.

"If we want to make a living, we're better off selling to paying customers in the enterprise world, rather than consumers that don't want to pay for stuff," he said.

Zimmermann explained that Silent Circle is making the phone more suitable for large organisations by allowing IT departments to manage all users at once and create directories where employees can check each others' contact details in order to make encrypted calls. He said the phone is being sold to sectors including banks, oil companies, and the entertainment industry.

"Companies are operating in an environment where they're under attack from hackers," he said, referencing both the Sony and Ashley Madison hacks, which ended in huge dumps of internal data making their ways online.

"They'll say 'Give me liberty, or give me death! But I don't want to pay $50.'"



Although unencrypted phone calls weren't the problem in either of those cases, Zimmermann listed other examples where businesses might want to consider strapping their teams up with secure comms.

"In Brazil, there's a lot of corruption. You could pay a phone company technician to provide you with a whole month of audio recordings of your business competitors' phone calls, for a couple of thousand bucks. It's surprisingly affordable," Zimmermann said.

"A lot of the economic activity that we do in globalization is in countries that maybe have bad human rights records, and corrupt law enforcement. So sometimes it's hard to distinguish between law enforcement and the criminals. If you go to Russia, for example, there's not that much difference in some places."

The company do still sell the Blackphone to ordinary consumers, but "We are much more focused on enterprise now," Zimmermann added.

This does seem like a more appropriate userbase for the device. When Motherboard reporter Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai reviewed the latest device, he said that the phone was unlikely to be a "slam dunk among regular consumers."

Meanwhile, Zimmerman admitted he still hasn't updated to the latest version of PGP, having explained last month that he didn't have a client on his computer that would allow him to use his own invention.

"I haven't kept up with the current version of PGP for a while," he said.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236782-6c2ece2c37ff1e7d6f49276a605aa959.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014117 00000000000 015223  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Violence

"Someone hit my hand, I’m not saying Sooraj did it,” Manish says.

Days after Sooraj, a PhD student from IIT Madras was attacked for participating in a beef fest in the campus, the controversy seems to be far from dying down.

Another student has now alleged that he was threatened by Manish Kumar, the Master's degree student in the ocean engineering department who had attacked Sooraj.

Arjun Jayakumar, a PhD student and a member of the Ambedkar Periyar Study Circle (APSC), alleged on Thursday while addressing a press conference that he got death threats from Manish Kumar, on the day of the beef fest.

“On Sunday night, after discussions on cattle slaughter rules, I was heading back to my hostel. Manish Kumar was standing near the entrance and he threatened me saying that he will kill me and hang me in public,” said Arjun.

“Manish had seen me in the gathering and also saw Facebook pictures of us having beef. He made the threat sometime between 10 and 11pm. Similar kinds of threats were issued to another friend, Nishant. I had sent a mail to the Dean, and Nishant had directly complained to the Dean but no action was taken against Manish,” said Arjun.

But speaking to TNM over phone, Manish Kumar has denied the allegation that he threatened Arjun.

Manish has also claimed that he did not plan an attack on Sooraj, and that he only had an argument with the PhD scholar that got heated.

“It was just an argument that got heated.”

“I just went to him, I just asked him that sir, that day you were saying you were eating ‘gau mata meat’, and here you’re eating Jain food. He said, “It is my choice what I want to eat. I can eat ‘gau mata meat’, I can eat you also.” That led to an argument, and my hand got twisted,” Manish said.

While Sooraj had alleged that Manish had attacked him, and that seven of his (Manish’s) friends stopped others from intervening, the ocean engineering student has denied the claims.

“You go to the mess and ask them - these seven other people, who they are,” Manish said. “Half of the people in the mess - most of the people in the mess were supporting him… The fight didn’t even occur for 30 seconds. It started and everyone came and separated us,” he claimed.

Accusing Sooraj of being dramatic, Manish said, “I think I was in more pain than him, but definitely, I don’t know how to cry. I don’t know how to do drama.”

Denying that any of his friends were involved, Manish said, “It was between me and Sooraj.”

“The argument got heated. He put my hand, and I put my hand on him - collar type - and a fight happened,” he said.

‘It was an accident, we both got hurt.’

Claiming that what happened was an accident, Manish said, “After that he also fell down and I - as far as I think, people keep on asking me who broke your hand, who broke your hand. What would I say who broke my hand. I didn’t know it was a fracture till the CMO told me.”

“He could have fallen down. I don’t remember anyone hitting me, that I can’t say,” he said.

“There were so many people. It didn’t even last for 30 seconds,” he repeated.

“I can’t blame this directly on Sooraj - I could have easily blamed that. Let me tell you the truth. If you were a student in the college, you must have seen that. I got a hand fracture, in my right hand. And he got injury. Perhaps he also didn’t know, I also didn’t know,” he said.

“I can’t say he hit me,” Manish said.

‘No iron rods as some media claim’

But while he condemned some students and professors for organising beef fests and making the issue political on campus, Manish also laid to rest the claims that some people are making that he was in turn attacked by Sooraj’s friends.

“But see, I didn’t even realise till evening that my hand is fractured. My hand was not moving, that’s when I realised there must be some problem. The doctor told me that someone must have hit you very strongly,” Manish said.

“It’s not how the media is portraying. If they want to make it political, that’s their job,” he said.

While some right wing websites like Postcard News have claimed that Sooraj force-fed beef to students at the canteen, Manish did not make any mention of such ‘force feeding’.

Accepting that Sooraj did get hurt after he pushed him, Manish said, “Even if I want to protect myself, there should be some honesty. We got into a heated argument, and then I realised that something went wrong. But the way they’re saying that there were a group of people who fought and this and that - no. That never happened.”

‘IIT students don’t do politics.’

Asked about his opposition to the beef fest, Manish said, “They say it is a personal belief, but why do they then have to make it public? In IIT, no one cares what they are eating; here no one cares what you are doing. But intention matters. They kept shouting they were eating gau mata meat, I just simply asked,” said Manish.

Manish also denied Arjun’s allegations that he threatened him. “I asked him if he organised beef fest, he sad no. I just got angry that time. Threatened means what?” Manish asked

‘Professors doing politics’

Arjun has also alleged that this was not the first time Manish had threatened him. According to Arjun, Manish had bullied and manhandled him during a solidarity march for JNU students last year and in October 2016, when APSC released a poster in support of the Ravanleela by Periyarist organisations.

Manish denied all these allegations. “At least ask him to be honest,” he said.

Pointing a finger at some professors, Manish said, “It is not about the students, they all are being guided by few faculty members. There was argument when Arjun put up a poster on Ravanaleela, it happened in front of everyone. They are making all these issues political.”

An FIR has been filed against Manish and as well as Sooraj at the Kotturpuram police station. After protests in the campus for two days, the director of the institute, Bhaskar Ramamurti has promised to accept demands of the student collective groups and conduct a fair probe into the incident.

Here is the sound recording:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 0236796-5ff9b3fdea0221c13352a725b1460209.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000062735 00000000000 014754  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        For the water stick insect, see Ranatra

Phasmid in marginal forest, Philippines

The Phasmatodea (also known as Phasmida or Phasmatoptera) are an order of insects whose members are variously known as stick insects, stick-bugs, walking sticks or bug sticks. They are generally referred to as phasmatodeans, phasmids, or ghost insects. Phasmids in the family Phylliidae are called leaf insects, leaf-bugs, walking leaves, or bug leaves. The group's name is derived from the Ancient Greek φάσμα phasma, meaning an apparition or phantom, referring to their resemblance to vegetation while in fact being animals. Their natural camouflage makes them difficult for predators to detect; still, many species have one of several secondary line of defence in the form of startle displays, spines or toxic secretions. The genus Phobaeticus includes the world's longest insects.

Members of the order are found on all continents except Antarctica, but they are most abundant in the tropics and subtropics. They are herbivorous, with many species living unobtrusively in the tree canopy. They have a hemimetabolous life cycle with three stages: eggs, nymphs and adults. Many phasmids are parthenogenic, and do not require fertilized eggs for female offspring to be produced. In hotter climates, they may breed all year round; in more temperate regions, the females lay eggs in the autumn before dying, and the new generation hatches in the spring. Some species have wings and can disperse by flying, while others are more restricted.

Description [ edit ]

Phobaeticus chani, the world's longest insect. This species grows to a total length of 567 mm (22.3 in) (front legs fully extended) and body length of 357 mm (14.1 in).[2] Female, the world's longest insect. This species grows to a total length of 567 mm (22.3 in) (front legs fully extended) and body length of 357 mm (14.1 in).

Phasmids can be relatively large, ranging from 1.5 centimetres (0.6 in) to over 30 centimetres (12 in) in length. Females of the genus Phobaeticus are the world's longest insects, measuring up to 56.7 centimetres (22.3 in) in total length in the case of Phobaeticus chani, including the outstretched legs.[2] The heaviest species of phasmid is likely to be Heteropteryx dilatata, the females of which may weigh as much as 65 g (2.3 oz).[3]

Some phasmids have cylindrical stick-like shapes, while others have flattened, leaflike shapes. Many species are wingless, or have reduced wings.[4] The thorax is long in the winged species, since it houses the flight muscles, and is typically much shorter in the wingless forms. Where present, the first pair of wings is narrow and cornified (hardened), while the hind wings are broad, with straight veins along their length and multiple cross-veins. The body is often further modified to resemble vegetation, with ridges resembling leaf veins, bark-like tubercles, and other forms of camouflage. A few species, such as Carausius morosus, are even able to change their pigmentation to match their surroundings. The mouthparts project out from the head. Chewing mandibles are uniform across species. The legs are typically long and slender, and some species are capable of limb autotomy (appendage shedding).[4] Phasmids have long, slender antennae, as long as or longer than the rest of the body in some species.

All phasmids possess compound eyes, but ocelli (light-sensitive organs) are only found in some winged males.[4] Phasmids have an impressive visual system that allows them to perceive significant detail even in dim conditions, which suits their typically nocturnal lifestyle. They are born equipped with tiny compound eyes with a limited number of facets. As phasmids grow through successive molts, the number of facets in each eye is increased along with the number of photoreceptor cells. The sensitivity of the adult eye is at least tenfold that of the nymph in its first instar (developmental stage). As the eye grows more complex, the mechanisms to adapt to dark/light changes are also enhanced: eyes in dark conditions evidence fewer screening pigments, which would block light, than during the daytime, and changes in the width of the retinal layer to adapt to changes in available light are significantly more pronounced in adults. The larger size of the adult insects' eyes makes them more prone to radiation damage. This explains why fully grown individuals are mostly nocturnal. Lessened sensitivity to light in the newly emerged insects helps them to escape from the leaf litter wherein they are hatched and move upward into the more brightly illuminated foliage. Young stick insects are diurnal (daytime) feeders and move around freely, expanding their foraging range.[5]

Stick insects have two types of pads on their legs: sticky "toe pads" and non-stick "heel pads" a little further up their legs. The heel pads are covered in microscopic hairs which create strong friction at low pressure, enabling them to grip without having to be peeled energetically from the surface at each step. The sticky toe pads are used to provide additional grip when climbing but are not used on a level surface.[6]

Distribution [ edit ]

Phasmatodea can be found all over the world except for the Antarctic and Patagonia. They are most numerous in the tropics and subtropics. The greatest diversity is found in Southeast Asia and South America, followed by Australia, Central America, and the southern United States.[7] Over 300 species are known from the island of Borneo, making it the richest place in the world for Phasmatodea.[8]

Antipredator adaptations [ edit ]

Phasmatodea species exhibit mechanisms for defense from predators that prevent an attack from happening in the first place (primary defense), and defenses that are deployed after an attack has been initiated (secondary defense).[9]

The defense mechanism most readily identifiable with Phasmatodea is camouflage, in the form of a plant mimicry. Most phasmids are known for effectively replicating the forms of sticks and leaves, and the bodies of some species (such as Pseudodiacantha macklotti and Bactrododema centaurum) are covered in mossy or lichenous outgrowths that supplement their disguise. Remaining absolutely stationary enhances their inconspicuousness.[9] Some species have the ability to change color as their surroundings shift (Bostra scabrinota, Timema californica). In a further behavioral adaptation to supplement crypsis, a number of species perform a rocking motion where the body is swayed from side to side; this is thought to mimic the movement of leaves or twigs swaying in the breeze.[10][11] Another method by which stick insects avoid predation and resemble twigs is by entering a cataleptic state, where the insect adopts a rigid, motionless posture that can be maintained for a long period.[12] The nocturnal feeding habits of adults also help Phasmatodea to remain concealed from predators.[12]

Haaniella dehaanii Defensive pose of a subadult female

In a seemingly opposite method of defense, many species of Phasmatodea, seek to startle the encroaching predator by flashing bright colors that are normally hidden, and making a loud noise.[13] When disturbed on a branch or foliage, some species, while dropping to the undergrowth to escape, will open their wings momentarily during free fall to display bright colors that disappear when the insect lands. Others will maintain their display for up to 20 minutes, hoping to frighten the predator and convey the appearance of a larger size. Some, such as Pterinoxylus spinulosus, accompany the visual display with the noise made by rubbing together parts of the wings.[13]

Some species, such as the young nymphs of Extatosoma tiaratum, have been observed to curl the abdomen upwards over the body and head to resemble ants or scorpions in an act of mimicry, another defense mechanism by which the insects avoid becoming prey. The eggs of some species such as Diapheromera femorata have fleshy projections resembling elaiosomes (fleshy structures sometimes attached to seeds) that attract ants. When the egg has been carried to the colony, the adult ant feeds the elaiosome to a larva while the phasmid egg is left to develop in the recesses of the nest in a protected environment.[14]

When threatened, some phasmids that are equipped with femoral spines on the metathoracic legs (Oncotophasma martini, Eurycantha calcarata, Eurycantha horrida, Diapheromera veliei, Diapheromera covilleae) respond by curling the abdomen upward and repeatedly swinging the legs together, grasping at the threat. If the menace is caught, the spines can, in humans, draw blood and inflict considerable pain.[10]

Some species are equipped with a pair of glands at the anterior (front) edge of the prothorax that enables the insect to release defensive secretions, including chemical compounds of varying effect: some produce distinct odors, and others can cause a stinging, burning sensation in the eyes and mouth of a predator.[15] The spray often contains pungent-smelling volatile metabolites, previously thought to be concentrated in the insect from its plant food sources. However, it now seems more likely that the insect manufactures its own defensive chemicals.[16] Additionally, the chemistry of the defense spray from at least one species, Anisomorpha buprestoides, has been shown to vary[16] based on the insect's life stage or the particular population it is part of.[17] This chemical spray variation also corresponds with regionally specific color forms in populations in Florida, with the different variants having distinct behaviors.[18] The spray from one species, Megacrania nigrosulfurea, is used as a treatment for skin infections by a tribe in Papua New Guinea because of its antibacterial constituents.[19] Some species employ a shorter-range defensive secretion, where individuals bleed reflexively through the joints of their legs and the seams of the exoskeleton when bothered, allowing the blood (hemolymph), which contains distasteful compounds, to discourage predators. Another ploy is to regurgitate their stomach contents when harassed, repelling potential predators.[20]

Life cycle [ edit ]

The life cycle of the stick insect begins when the female deposits her eggs through one of these methods of oviposition: she will either flick her egg to the ground by a movement of the ovipositor or her entire abdomen, carefully place the eggs in the axils of the host plant, bury them in small pits in the soil, or stick the eggs to a substrate, usually a stem or leaf of the food plant. A single female lays from 100 to 1,200 eggs after mating, depending on the species.[10]

Many species of phasmids are parthenogenic, meaning the females lay eggs without needing to mate with males to produce offspring. Eggs from virgin mothers are entirely female and hatch into nymphs that are exact copies of their mothers. Stick insect species that are the product of hybridisation are usually obligate parthenogens,[21] but non-hybrids are facultative parthenogens, meaning they retain the ability to mate and their sexual behavior depends on the presence and abundance of males.[22]

Phasmatodea eggs resemble seeds in shape and size and have hard shells. They have a lid-like structure called an operculum at the anterior pole, from which the nymph emerges during hatching. The eggs vary in the length of time before they hatch which varies from 13 to more than 70 days, with the average around 20 to 30 days.[10] Some species, particularly those from temperate regions, undergo diapause, where development is delayed during the winter months. Diapause is initiated by the effect of short day lengths on the egg-laying adults or can be genetically determined. Diapause is broken by exposure to the cold of winter, causing the eggs to hatch during the following spring. Among species of economic importance such as Diapheromera femorata, diapause results in the development of two-year cycles of outbreaks.[23]

Eggs of various phasmid species (not to scale)

Many species' eggs bear a fatty, knoblike capitulum that caps the operculum. This structure attracts ants because of its resemblance to the elaiosome of some plant seeds that are sought-after food sources for ant larvae, and usually contribute to ensuring seed dispersal by ants, a form of ant-plant mutualism called myrmecochory. The ants take the egg into their nest underground and can remove the capitulum to feed to their larvae without harming the phasmid embryo. There, the egg hatches and the young nymph, which initially resembles an ant (another instance of mimicry among Phasmatodea), eventually emerges from the nest and climbs the nearest tree to safety in the foliage.[10] The eggs of stick insects has a coating of calcium oxalate which makes them survive unscathed in the digestive tract of birds. It has been suggested that birds may have a role in the dispersal of parthenogenetic stick insect species, especially to islands.[24]

The Phasmatodea life cycle is hemimetabolous, proceeding through a series of several nymphal instars. Once emerged, a nymph will eat its cast skin. Adulthood is reached for most species after several months and many molts. The lifespan of Phasmatodea varies by species, but ranges from a few months to up to three years.[25]

Ecology [ edit ]

Phasmids are herbivorous, feeding mostly on the leaves of trees and shrubs, and a conspicuous component of many neotropical (South American) systems. Phasmatodea has been postulated as dominant light-gap herbivores there. Their role in the forest ecosystem is considered important by many scientists, who stress the significance of light gaps in maintaining succession and resilience in climax forests. The presence of phasmids lowers the net production of early successional plants by consuming them and then enriches the soil by defecation. This enables the late succession plants to become established and encourages the recycling of the tropical forest.[26]

Phasmatodea are recognized as injurious to forest and shade trees by defoliation. Didymuria violescens, Podacanthus wilkinsoni and Ctenomorphodes tessulatus in Australia, Diapheromera femorata in North America and Graeffea crouani in coconut plantations in the South Pacific all occur in outbreaks of economic importance.[27] Indeed, in the American South, as well as in Michigan and Wisconsin, the walking stick is a significant problem in parks and recreation sites, where it consumes the foliage of oaks and other hardwoods. Severe outbreaks of the walking stick, Diapheromera femorata, have occurred in the Ouachita Mountains of Arkansas and Oklahoma. The insects eat the entire leaf blade. In the event of heavy outbreaks, entire stands of trees can be completely denuded.[28] Continuous defoliation over several years often results in the death of the tree. Because these species cannot fly, infestations are typically contained to a radius of a few hundred yards. Nevertheless, the damage incurred to parks in the region is often costly. Control efforts in the case of infestations have typically involved chemical pesticides; ground fires are effective at killing eggs but have obvious disadvantages.[28] In New South Wales, research has investigated the feasibility of controlling stick insects using natural enemies such as parasitic wasps (Myrmecomimesis spp.).[29]

Taxonomy [ edit ]

Phyllium bilobatum, belong to the family True leaf insects, like this, belong to the family Phylliidae

The classification of the Phasmatodea is complex and the relationships between its members are poorly understood.[30] Furthermore, there is much confusion over the ordinal name. Phasmida is preferred by many authors, though it is incorrectly formed; Phasmatodea is correctly formed, and is widely accepted.[31]

The order Phasmatodea is sometimes considered to be related to other orders, including the Blattodea, Mantodea, Notoptera and Dermaptera, but the affiliations are uncertain and the grouping (sometimes referred to as "Orthopteroidea") may be paraphyletic (not have a common ancestor) and hence invalid in the traditional circumscription (set of attributes that all members have). Phasmatodea, once considered a suborder of Orthoptera, is now treated as an order of its own.[32] Anatomical features separate them as a monophyletic (descended from a common ancestor) group from the Orthoptera. One is the instance among all species of Phasmatodea of a pair of exocrine glands inside the prothorax used for defense. Another is the presence of a specially formed sclerite (hardened plate), called a vomer, which allows the male to clasp the female during mating.[33]

The order is divided into two, or sometimes three, suborders.[33] The most common division is into the suborder groups Anareolatae and Areolatae, which are distinguished according to whether the insect has sunken areola, or circular areas, on the underside of the apices of the middle and hind tibiae (Areolate) or not (Anareolate). However the phylogenetic (evolutionary) relationships between the different groups is poorly resolved. The monophyly of Anareolatae has been questioned and the morphology of the eggs may be a better basis for classification.[31] An alternative is to divide the Phasmatodea into three suborders Agathemerodea (1 genus and 8 species), Timematodea (1 genus and 21 species) and Verophasmatodea for the remaining taxa.[34] This division is, however, not fully supported by the molecular studies, which recover Agathemerodea as nested within Verophasmatodea rather than being the sister group of the latter group.[35][36] Over 3,000 species have been described, with many more yet to be described both in museum collections and in the wild.[37]

Phasmatodea fossils are rare, whether as adults or as eggs; isolated wings are the parts most commonly found. The modern group is monophyletic. Several Mesozoic families appear to be related to the phasmids, and are generally but not universally agreed to be stem group stick insects. One species is known (as a forewing) from the productive Crato Formation fossil beds of Brazil, Cretophasma araripensis (Aerophasmatidae). Other members of the Aerophasmatidae are known from the Jurassic of England, Germany and Kazakhstan.[38] Phasmids are rare in amber, but Gallophasma longipalpis was found in 2010 in the Early Eocene of France.[39] Engel, Wang and Alqarni (2016) described a member of the family Phasmatidae sensu lato from the Cretaceous (Cenomanian) Burmese amber, Echinosomiscus primoticus. According to the authors, the discovery of E. primoticus provides the first reliable evidence for Euphasmatodea (the clade containing all living phasmatodeans except members of the genus Timema) and even Neophasmatodea (the clade containing all living members of Euphasmatodea except aschiphasmatids) in the Cenomanian.[1]

The earliest leaf insect (Phylliinae) fossil is Eophyllium messelensis from the 47-million-year-old Eocene of Messel, Germany. In size and cryptic (leaflike) body form, it closely resembles extant species, suggesting that the behavior of the group has changed little since that time.[40]

Suborders No. of Species Defining Notes Image Agathemerodea 8 More information needed Timema 21 Considered earliest to branch from phylogenetic tree Verophasmatodea Unknown Vast majority of extant species Need specific image

Notable species [ edit ]

Acanthoxyla prasina or the prickly stick insect, native to [41] or the prickly stick insect, native to New Zealand , is believed to reproduce by parthenogenesis ; no males have been found.

One Australian species, the Lord Howe Island stick insect, is now listed as critically endangered. It was believed extinct until its rediscovery on the rock known as Ball's Pyramid.[42] An effort is underway in Australia to rear this species in captivity.

The best known of the stick insects is the Indian or laboratory stick insect (Carausius morosus). This insect grows to roughly 10 cm (4 in) and reproduces parthenogenically, and although males have been recorded, they are rare.[43]

Fossils of the extinct genus and species Eoprephasma hichensi have been recovered from Ypresian age sediments in the U.S. state of Washington and British Columbia, Canada. The species is one of the youngest members of the stem phasmatodean group Susumanioidea.[44]

Phasmids in Europe [ edit ]

In Europe there are 17 species of stick insect described, belonging to the genera Bacillus Clonopsis, Leptynia y Pijnackeria. There are also a few other species that live in Europe but are introduced, as for example with a couple of species of Acanthoxyla, which are native to New Zealand but are present in southern England.

In the Iberian Peninsula there are currently described 13 species and several subspecies. Its life cycle is annual, living only during the hottest months (especially genera Leptynia and Pijnackeria), which usually means late spring to early autumn.

Behavior [ edit ]

Video of a walking phasmid

Stick insects, like praying mantises, show rocking behavior in which the insect makes rhythmic, repetitive, side-to-side movements. The common interpretation of this behavior's function is it enhances crypsis by mimicking vegetation moving in the wind. However, these movements may be most important in allowing the insects to discriminate objects from the background by relative motion. Rocking movements by these generally sedentary insects may replace flying or running as a source of relative motion to help them discern objects in the foreground.[45]

Mating behavior in Phasmatodea is impressive because of the extraordinarily long duration of some pairings. A record among insects, the stick insect Necroscia sparaxes, found in India, is sometimes coupled for 79 days at a time. It is not uncommon for this species to assume the mating posture for days or weeks on end, and among some species (Diapheromera veliei and D. covilleae), pairing can last three to 136 hours in captivity.[46]

Overt displays of aggression between males over mates suggests that extended pairing may have evolved to guard females from sperm competition. Fighting between competing males has been observed in the species D. veiliei and D. covilleae.[47] During these encounters, the approach of a challenger causes the existing mate to manipulate the female's abdomen, which he has clasped by means of the clasping organ, or vomer, down upon itself to block the site of attachment. Occasionally, the consort will strike out at the competitor with the mid femora, which are equipped with an enlarged and hooked spine in both sexes that can draw the blood of the opponent when they are flexed against the body to puncture the integument.[47] Usually, a strong hold on the female's abdomen and blows to the intruder are enough to deter the unwanted competition, but occasionally the competitor has been observed to employ a sneaky tactic to inseminate the female. While the first mate is engaged in feeding and is forced to vacate the dorsal position, the intruder can clasp the female's abdomen and insert his genitalia. If he is discovered, the males will enter into combat wherein they lean backward, both clasped to the female's abdomen, and freely suspended, engage in rapid, sweeping blows with their forelegs in a manner similar to boxing. Usually, when the intruder gains attachment to the female's abdomen, these conflicts result in the displacement of the original mate.[47]

Carausius morosus is often kept as a pet by schools and individuals. is often kept as a pet by schools and individuals.

Lengthy pairings have also been described in terms of a defensive alliance. When cleaved together, the pair is more unwieldy for predators to handle. Also, the chemical defenses (secretions, reflex bleeding, regurgitation) of the individual stick insect are enhanced when two are paired. Females survive attacks by predators significantly better when pairing, largely because the dorsal position of the male functions well as a shield. This could indicate that manipulation by females is taking place: if females accept ejaculate at a slow rate, for instance, the males are forced to remain in copulo for longer and the female's chances of survival are enhanced. Also, evolution could have simply favored males that remained attached to their females longer, since females are often less abundant than males and represent a valuable prize, so for the lucky male, even the sacrifice of his own life to preserve his offspring with the female may be worthwhile. Sexual dimorphism in the species, where females are usually significantly larger than the males, may have evolved due to the fitness advantage accrued to males that can remain attached to the female, thereby blocking competitors, without severely impeding her movement.[46]

Certain Phasmatodea, such as Anisomorpha buprestoides, sometimes form aggregations. These insects have been observed to congregate during the day in a concealed location, going their separate ways at nightfall to forage, and returning to their refuge before dawn. Such behavior has been little studied, and how the insects find their way back is unknown.[20]

In human culture [ edit ]

Painting of Leaf Insects and Stick Insects by Marianne North , 1870s

Stick insects are often kept in captivity: almost 300 species have been reared in laboratories or as pets.[48] The most commonly kept is the Indian (or laboratory) stick insect, Carausius morosus, which eats vegetables such as lettuce.[49]

The botanical illustrator Marianne North (1830–1890) painted leaf and stick insects that she saw on her travels in the 1870s.[50]

Tribesmen in Sarawak eat phasmids and their eggs.[51]

Research has been conducted to analyze the stick insect method of walking and apply this to the engineering of six-legged walking robots. Instead of one centralized control system, it seems each leg of a phasmid operates independently.[52]

In Australia many kinds of stick insects are kept as pets including the Strong, Goliath, Spiny and Children's.[53]                                   0236688-58f1acbde882c0c456fcc9f0fdb2a56e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001470 00000000000 015511  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        I did it!I did something more complicated than wallpapers againExcellent feeling!This is an illustration to a book!Book is/will be named 'The Lantern of the Wisdom' and was written by Ghazaleh Z.will show you a shot of the book as soon as I'll receive it.Hope you like this picture :3 I had a great fun doing it. And my friend ~ Boschman helped me a lot (thank youoh! if you don't see the forest - tell meI was doing it with a changed gamma so it may be too dark for some of youTell me what you thinkPS CS + about 7 h + a lot of tea and some coffee08 II 1I was willing to finish it before 1st February and send it to * childrensillustrator 's monthly theme 'Dream' but since I was doing it till 5am I think it's a bit too late[EDIT 08 IX 16]I've changed the contrast and brightness a bithope you see everything better now ^^                                                                                                                                                                                                        0236854-c3db35e39ea3097c90d65909d81f8938.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006346 00000000000 015021  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Share Pinterest

Email

IndyCar has narrowed its search for a 16th race to replace Boston on its 2016 schedule to two venues -- Watkins Glen International and Gateway Motorsports Park -- and the selection likely will be based on which is deemed better for inclusion in 2017.

IndyCar wants both for next season, but it doesn’t want to spoil a first impression. It seems Watkins Glen, which was recently repaved, is more ready to host an IndyCar event; Gateway, located near St. Louis, Missouri, is a facility on the rise but still showed some needs to address when Ed Carpenter tested on the oval last fall.

Watkins Glen president Michael Printup initially balked at the suggestion IndyCar could race in upstate New York in four months -- the hole in the schedule is Sept. 2-4 -- but he apparently is warming to the idea, especially if IndyCar can make the financials work and an agreement is worked with the Ferrari club scheduled to be there that weekend. New IndyCar president Jay Frye has shown an ability to get creative with the numbers by getting Phoenix International Raceway signed for the first time since 2005.

Frye called Printup a week ago, and they have been in regular contact since. A decision is expected next week.

There are a host of tracks that will not host IndyCar on Labor Day weekend, and they include any circuit that incorporates the use of city streets. The staff that promoted the Grand Prix of Boston sought to transfer its assets to Providence, Rhode Island, but IndyCar shot that down along with a temporary move to Suffolk Downs in East Boston, the Boston Herald reported. Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh mentioned the need for a “strong local promoter” in his reaction to the Seaport District race being canceled.

IndyCar Promoters pull plug on Boston IndyCar race It appears IndyCar's tenuous relationship with Boston is over. With more "will they/won't they" scenarios than the entire series of "Friends," promoters of the Grand ...

The problem with street circuits is the vast amount of paperwork and assorted hurdles to clear, and GP of Boston president John Casey mentioned the financial risk his group was asked to incur as the driving force behind the cancelation. Estimates for what it takes to stage a new street race hover around $20 million, which might be too much for any group not securing part of NASCAR’s monster television package.

As for other venues considered as a Boston replacement: Each had its issues. Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca is in the same Northern California market with Sonoma Raceway, which will host IndyCar’s season finale just two weeks after the proposed date. Plus, the Laguna Seca road course will host the Mazda Road to Indy program Sept. 10-11.

Southern California has already shown to be too hot in the daytime to attract spectators to Auto Club Speedway during that time of the year, and a night race with a three-hour time change pushes a broadcast too late in the evening for half of the country. Plus, a big oval like that, or Michigan International Speedway, requires more from the budgets of teams in part because of potential crash damage.

Homestead-Miami Speedway was considered, too, and it might return to IndyCar’s schedule before long. But for now, it doesn’t appear to be on IndyCar’s short list.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0236213-a135704381bde03d09758d5aafc1e49f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000026734 00000000000 015114  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        This is an update on a previous article I wrote about mooTools (41 of the Best…), some mooTools plugins have been removed, some have been updated and a fair few have been added. mooTools is truly hot on the heels of jQuery!!! Can it be better?

About mooTools: “MooTools is a compact, modular, Object-Oriented JavaScript framework designed for the intermediate to advanced JavaScript developer. It allows you to write powerful, flexible, and cross-browser code with its elegant, well documented, and coherent API.”.

mooTools Homepage: mooTools Homepage.

Below are the Best Ever 65 mooTools Plugins and Demos:

Description : SmoothScroll allows you to smoothly take a user to a specific portion of a page. By default, the browser “jerks” you up or down in the page when you click on an anchor — SmoothScroll lets you define the duration that it should take for a link to be scrolled down to.

Description : MultipleSelect allows you to add a custom style to html multiple select boxes. And you don’t even have to hold down the CTRL-key anymore when choosing multiple items.

Description : This is a sleek Typrewriter Effect built on MooTools.

MooColumns

Description : MooColumns is a MooTools 1.2 class that allows you to divide content into multiple columns quickly and easily.

News ticker with horizontal scrolling

Description : News Ticker is very simple and quick to implement within your web projects. It is inspired by the Newsvine Live panel, a lovely and smooth effect to display content.

MooScroll

Description : MooScroll is a MooTools 1.2 class that allows you to customize how the scrollbar looks on scrollable divs.

Show/hide a nice Login Pane

Description : This is a nice Login Pane that drops from the top of the page, very smoothly.

Kroppr

Description : Kroppr is an unobtrusive script that will enhance any site that wants to offer an image cropping tool for its visitors. Unlike other scripts, Kroppr is able to ROTATE, zoom and move the image in the real time without using plugins – such as flash or java. The cropping is done after the user is satisfied with the settings. This way, the load put on the server is minimised and also the visitor’s experience.

Description : There are numerous websites around the internet, RapidShare for example, that make you wait an allotted amount of time before presenting you with your download. Using MooTools, the CountDown plugin allows you to easily implement a similar system.

Twitter Emulation

Description : People all over the world love Twitter because of how easy it is to use. All you need to do is type in your current status, click “Update”, and you are done. What most people probably do not know is how simple it is to emulate Twitters functionality. Using PHP, MySQL, and MooTools javascript, you can implement a Twitter-like status system in no time.

Description : Navigation menus are traditionally boring, right? Most of the time the navigation menu consists of some imagery with a corresponding mouseover image. Where’s the originality? The author has created a fancy navigation menu that highlights navigation items and creates a chain effect.

Select Box Factory v1.0

Description : The factory has produced a multiple-select box, with "sifting" tool attached. Try searching for one of the items in the list, or typing a letter in there. Next to it is the exact same list rendered as a dropdown (takes about 5 seconds to make this transition).

Description : This AutoCompleter script for MooTools provides the functionality for text suggestion and completion. It features different data-sources (local, JSON or XML), a variety of user interactions, custom formatting, multiple selection, animations and much more.

mooSocialize

Description : By clicking the mooSocialize button, a window will appear, which lets you choose your favorite network. Having a thumbnail of each service beside the link, it is easy to see and find the one of your liking.

But that is not all – it does not redirect you to that page, but opens up the page in a hovered layer. Convenient and easy. On top of the opened layer is a small < >, which allows to close the window later on.

SlideItMoo

Description : SlideItMoo is a MooTools 1.2 slider for images, browser friendly and nicely degradable. All CSS styling is external. It can slide either by clicking the back – forward buttons or by mouse wheel.

It can be used to display any number of thumbnails in a photo gallery or as a banner rotator. To switch from one way to the other, you simply have to set the appropriate values when instantiating the class.

Description : This is an improved version of the reflection.js script rewritten for the mootools javascript framework. It allows you to add instantaneous reflection effects to your images in modern browsers, in less than 2kb.

Description : This is the official release of the unofficial MooTools Events Calendar. It is an embeddable web calendar that was built using the MooTools JavaScript framework. Currently, it is still under development, but may be sufficient for your needs.

Description : Why make the user submit their form if you can just use Ajax to let them know if it’s available right away? Here’s how you can implement a username available checker using MooTools 1.2.

Elegant glass style navigation bar

Description : Moving your mouse over a tab in the main menu, the submenu display several links related to the "topic" of the tab. On the right of the navigation bar, clicking on Hide submenu link, the submenu disappears/appears with a nice toggle animation.

HTML Form Tips

Description : This is Twitter-likechars counter example using MooTools. It is counter decreases, from the max value of available chars in the input field (20 in this example) to zero, while you type something into the input field.

mooFlickr

Description : If you wish to display your flickr stats in your blog, on your page etc, you will need this nifty little widget. It is capable of retrieving your posted images, information about you on flickr, your most used tags and the user groups you are attending.

CSS vertical menu with show/hide effects

Description : CSS vertical menu with show/hide effects uses mootools to show/hide the menu with a nice vertical slide-in/slide-out effect.

mooSlide 3.2

Description : With mooSlide you can call several sliders on one page, just define a new class instance and tell the script which div to use, which handler to use to toggle, and you are all set. This is a complete revamp of the origianl mooSlide, with added features.

Description : In a nut shell it is an image gallery, but this only scrathches the surface. Here are some of its features: autosetup graps all images inside a element ; autoresize on changes of window dimensions ; fullscreen option ; scrolling with mouse wheel ; scrolling with key input (left and right cursor) ; autoplay presentation loop ; reflections via javascript ; load images via json (with event or on startup) ; load images from a html-source with selector-filter ; creates the UI automatically ; UI skinable via CSS ; fullsize viewer option ; can run multiple instances.

AJAX mootools secure contact form

Description : This contact form uses the mootools 1.1 framework to check the form fields and give immediate feedback if the entered values are correct.

The name only allows normal chars, the email is checked with regex for a correct syntax and the message field doesn't allow to enter web addresses as many spam emails would be send off that way.

Description : A smooth sliding effect.

Photo Gallery

Description: A marvellous interactive Photo Gallery.

Demo:View Demo.

URL: http://www.outcut.de/.

Description: This is another image gallery slideshow, nicely done..

Simple 3D Carousel

Description: A (not so) basic 3D Carousel.

Slider

Description: Horizontal or Vertical bar and slider.

Demo:View Demo.

Click to change the background

Description: Dynamic color selector- colors swatch animate to pick and change the background.

Pamoorama

Description: It show only part of your fullsize image, the image can then be scrolled by moving the mouse over it.

Tips

Description: A stylish tool tip demo.

Javascript Image Gallery

Description: A simple but very useable Image gallery.

Sample Nav Bar

Description: A stylish and easy to use nav bar.

Slidinglist

Description: A tree-like sliding navigation system.

Multibox

Description: A lightbox that supports images, flash, video, mp3s, html.

Image Menu

Description: A horizontal menu, reveals more of the image as you rollover it.

Window Growl

Description: Tooltips with a difference.

Description: Simpliar and easier than SqueezeBox. Click on an image and the image will enlarge. Simple, the way I like it.

Accordions

Description: A stylish and smooth accordian style navigation.

Description: This is by far and away the Photo Gallery with the most features. Very well done.

mooSlide ( lightbox replacement)

Description: The mooSlideBox v3 is a small and slim ajax based extension or replacement of the common “lightbox”. I really love this.

Page Loader

Description: You can load a div from one page into a div on this page.

Grow a Textarea

Description: Just make a form, and this script will add the ability to resize each textarea.

Description: The first ever Time Picker that utilize a very easy drag and drop interface.

Sexy sliding JavaScript side bar menu

Description: Smooth and yes, SEXY sidebar menu.

Slideshow

Description: A smooth transition between images.

Ajax login form (

Description: An easy to use login form.

Description: Swf meets Ajax for beautiful uploads.

Validate

Description: A simple form validation.

SortableTable

Description: Sort and filter tables.

MooTabs – Tiny tab class for MooTools

Description: MooTabs is tiny(3kb), as the name suggests, it’s main purpose is to help out with the creation of simple tab navigation.

Description: A drag and Drop sortable list. Could be handy.

Description: Calendar is a Javascript class that adds accessible and unobtrusive date-pickers to your form elements.

Rounded Corners

Description: This creates rounded corners on divs.

Description: Mediabox lets you open flash, video, and html content in a floating “lightbox” style window.

FormCheck

Description: Performs different tests on forms and indicates errors.

mooRainbow

Description: A color picker, built on the mooTools Framework.

Lightbox

Description: An inline image popup, overlays and fades out the current page.

SmoothGallery 2.0

Description: This javascript gallery and slideshow system allows you to have simple and smooth (cross-fading…) image galleries, slideshows, showcases and other cool stuff on your website.

Popmenu

Description: A background image pops up, adding some livelyness to an otherwise dull menu.

MooWheel

Description: The purpose of this script is to provide a unique and elegant way to visualize data using Javascript and the canvas object. This type of visualization can be used to display connections between many different objects, be them people, places, things, or otherwise.

Description: This is a collection of demos which explains how moo.rd works and how to work with moo.rd.

Here you can play with the constructors of the latest version to test them out and see every sourcecodes. It’s good for tests and comparisons. On the left you can find a list containing all the demos, subdivided by section. All demos have free sourcecodes that you can copy and study.

Mootools Mocha UI

Description: Mocha is a web applications user interface library built on the Mootools javascript framework. The Mocha GUI components are made with canvas tag graphics.                                    0236582-f1b89f2f554b169f80249eb20414329a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002267 00000000000 014711  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The nonprofit environmental law firm Earthjustice filed a lawsuit Monday against Hawaii’s Agribusiness Development Corporation alleging it allows pesticides and chemicals to flow unchecked through Kauai’s Mana Plain and into waterways.

The ADC is an attached agency of the Department of Agriculture. Earthjustice threatened to sue in May, on behalf groups including the Surfrider Foundation and Pesticide Action Network, according to a press release.

The ADC leases thousands of acres of land in the area to seed companies.

The lawsuit claims that a 40-mile-long drainage ditch on Kauai’s west side is in violation of the Clean Water Act, which requires a permit before discharging hazardous chemicals into state waters or wetlands.

The ADC decided not to renew its permit in May and instead pursue an exemption to create a plan to care for the soil and water in the Mana Plain.

A $100,000 government study in response to concerns about pesticide use concern showed four pesticides were found in the area, but the amount was low enough that they wouldn’t have “significant negative” impacts on the environment.

The Department of Agriculture declined to comment, citing the pending lawsuit.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0236805-471024395d717ad4f4704f289ed50df0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005333 00000000000 014703  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A man was punched in the face while riding his bike toward the Staten Island Ferry Terminal on Aug. 30, police said. View Full Caption Flickr/Cle0patra

LOWER MANHATTAN — A man biking in the Financial District was punched in the face and thrown off his ride by a thief who sped away with the bicycle, police said.

The 65-year-old victim told officers he was riding down State Street, toward the Staten Island Ferry Terminal, on Aug. 30 at about 8:30 p.m., when a man suddenly walloped him in the face. The blow knocked the victim off his bike, and within moments, the thief grabbed the bicycle and rode north on Broadway, police said.

The victim was taken to Downtown Hospital.

Police were still investigating the crime as of Wednesday.

Other notable crimes in this week's NYPD blotter in the 1st Precinct include:

► A man was arrested for threatening the bouncer of the Iron Horse bar at 32 Cliff St. with a knife and hitting him with a glass beer bottle, according to police reports.

Buenaventura Garrido allegedly tossed a cooler through a glass door at the bar on Sept. 8 before returning to threaten the bouncer with a knife at about 4 a.m, according to his criminal complaint.

Garrido was hit with several misdemeanor charges, including assault, criminal possession of a weapon and harassment. Reps at Iron Horse did not immediately return requests for comment. Information for Garrido's attorney was not immediately available.

► A man was arrested for punching an NYPD detective in the face at troubled club Greenhouse about 4 a.m. on Sept. 4. According to police reports, Michael Sealey, 24, attacked the detective at the 150 Varick St. hotspot, and then resisted arrest by flailing his arms and twisting his body. The detective's face was left bruised and swollen, police said.

► A man had his $4,500 Giant-brand bicycle stolen after locking it up in Battery Park City, outside of 1 North End Avenue on Sept. 7. The 32-year-old told cops that when he returned to his bike about 2:30 p.m., his white and blue ride, along with his lock, were gone.

► Two unlocked bikes were snatched from a rack outside of 250 Vesey St. on Sept. 1 between 4:45 p.m. and 5:30 p.m., police said. The 39-year-old owner of the $2,000 Felt road bike and another $1,000 bike told officers he left them at the rack while he watched a movie, and when he returned, they were missing.

► A tourist from London had her leather handbag and iPhone 5 stolen as she sat at the bar of SoHo restaurant Peep on Sept. 3 about 9:15 p.m. The 30-year-old told officers that as she sat inside the eatery at 177 Prince St., a man repeatedly bumped into her without apologizing. The man soon ran out of the restaurant, and she realized that her bag, which contained her iPhone 5, was missing.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0236838-31b1c3a952f7c73364ce079d6b878d0c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002255 00000000000 015053  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A photo gallery of street art memorializing the artist.

David Bowie inspired many people, artists in particular. So much so that many artists around the world have sprayed his likeness onto city walls. In Tel Aviv, Israel, a city known for spectacular street art displays, the portrait above was stenciled onto a wall in a gallery-filled row on Gordon Street.

Here are some more of our favorite Bowie renditions from around the world:

An abstract painting on Brixton Street in London, where thousands of David Bowie fans gathered last night. (Photo: Alessandro Grussu/Flickr)

Artists paint Bowie in the UK's Southsea Skatepark. (Photo: Rusty Sheriff/Flickr)

Werregarenstraat (Graffiti Street) in Belgium. (Photo: Oriol Salvador/Flickr)

St.-Romain-au-Mont-d'Or, France displays a familiar portrait. (Photo: thierry ehrmann/Flickr)

The likeness again appears in Londrina, Brazil. (Photo: Marco Gomes/Flickr)

A photographer spotted this one in Reykjavik, Iceland, and wrote, "walking by an alley and what did I see, an image of Bowie looking out at at me." (Photo: Observe The Banana/Flickr)

David Bowie and Bob Marley in Bathurst Station alley in Toronto, Canada. (Photo: Aviva West/Flickr)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0236851-f53440458921efc3b8eefd010986dcfd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007136 00000000000 015215  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Apr 13, 2015; Toronto, Ontario, CAN; New Security measures implemented by Major League Baseball stand ready for screening fans at Gate 10 of the Rogers Centre before the home opener between the Toronto Blue Jays and the Tampa Bay Rays. Mandatory Credit: Nick Turchiaro-USA TODAY Sports

If you’ve talked to any Blue Jay fan the past two plus years, then you would hear how stacked the system is with high ceiling pitching prospects. Fast-forward to the present and that is no longer the case.

Keegan Matheson has introduced many casual a Blue Jay fan to two pitching prospects, who still remain in the system from what I am calling the “THE GREAT PURGE of 2015”, Conner Greene (read here) and Sean Reid-Foley (read here). Both excellent prospects and ones that are already being included on many Blue Jays Top Prospect lists.

Sadly, Shane Dawson continues to fly under the radar.

***Recently added to MLB Pipeline’s Top 30 Blue Jays Prospect, coming in at #30.****

Dawson is a 17th round selection, back in 2012. He is a left-handed pitcher. I’m surprised he wasn’t included as one of the many LHP included in THE GREAT PURGE. As luck would have it, Dawson is also a native of Drayton Valley, Alberta.

He throws a low 90’s fastball, which he can effectively add and subtract mhp to keep batters off balance. His slider and change up have seen some improvement this season and I’ve seen them consistently sit in the mid and low 80’s, respectively.

As a 21-year-old, Shane has enjoyed a breakout season with the Lansing Lugnuts, where he earned Player of the Week honors in July and was named to the Mid-Season All-Star team. But to top it all, Shane Dawson was a member of the Gold medal winning Canadian Pan-Am baseball team. He effectively pitched out of Canada’s bullpen, making two appearances over six and a third innings. He allowed two hits, walked one and struck out 5 while finishing the tournament with a sparkingly 0.00 ERA.

Before his promotion from Lansing (A-Ball) to Dunedin (Advanced A-Ball), Shane was leading the Mid-West League with 12 wins, and was near the top in strike outs and WHIP. He was putting up number one would typically see from a teams top pitching prospect.

In his first three seasons in the Jays system, he has demonstrated above average control of the strike zone. In 100IP with Lansing, Dawson continued to show an ability to get batters to swing and miss, averaging 8.58 strike outs per 9IP. The 6’1″ Canadian also continued to show good command of the strike zone by limiting walks with only 2.15 walks per 9IP. He owned a FIP of 3.20, a WHIP of 1.18, and solid K-BB% of 17.7%, while winning 12 games and losing 4.

In Lansing, Shane held opponents to a .255 BA and a .319 BABIP. Over his brief minor league career, his groundballs/flyballs splits are even and 2015 hasn’t been much different with a 1.04 mark. He has allowed 15 long balls since 2012, with 8 of them coming this year.

Recently, Dawson has received press for having an atrophied Infraspinatus muscle in his rotator cuff. (read here) and with the loss of two teammates prior to his draft year (read here). If he can keep rolling over the final month than we can expect to see some positive press about this young Canadian.

Not having a Infraspinatus muscle didn’t seem to effect him on this day.

Your browser does not support iframes.

Outlook/Projection

Dawson’s ceiling appears to be as a reliever; however, if success continues to find him as he advances up the Jays system than developing into a decent 5th starter is a strong possibility. We will be keeping a close eye on the Lethbridge grad as he continues impress in Dunedin.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236692-d02a6fc14dc9488ff30b04c212b99e89.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005556 00000000000 015137  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        CLOSE Gilbert Fire Department PIO Gary Hildebrandt talks about a plane crash that hit a house on Sept. 18, 2016, in Gilbert.

Gilbert Police and Fire Department work the scene of a small plane crash in the 400 block of East Baylor Lane on Sept. 17, 2016, in Gilbert. (Photo: David Kadlubowski /The Republic)

A small plane caught fire in the sky over Gilbert and Chandler and then crashed into a Gilbert home Saturday night.

The plane's four passengers — all skydivers, according to Gilbert fire Capt. Gary Hildebrandt — bailed out of the plane and landed safely. The pilot, also a skydiver, jumped later and landed in a field about half a mile from the crash site. He was burned and taken to the hospital. His condition was unknown but his injuries were not life-threatening, according to Hildebrandt.

At approximately 7:19 p.m., the plane crashed into a home in the 400 block of Baylor Lane near Gilbert and Ray Roads. The two occupants of the home were in the living room watching TV when the plane hit the house, but were able to get out uninjured, Hildebrandt said. The house caught fire, with plane parts hitting the house and backyard.

THE LATEST: Waking up to a plane crash

The homeowners declined requests for an interview.

Nearby homes were not affected, although the neighborhood was full of smoke, water and the smell of burning fuel.

Hildebrandt said the pilot radioed in before the crash saying the plane's wing was on fire.

"The pilot indicated he had a problem," Hildebrandt said, adding that communication from the aircraft ceased shortly afterward.

The group was supposed to skydive into a Constitution Week celebration at the nearby Gilbert Civic Center, he said. About 50 skydivers were participating in the event, he said.

Federal Aviation Spokesman Allen Kenitzer confirmed the plane to be a Cessna 182 and stated the FAA along with the National Transportation Safety Board will be investigating the crash.

House fire: 400 block of E Baylor on-Aircraft crashed into house. pic.twitter.com/xo9rIj1wMJ — Gilbert Fire Rescue (@GilbertFireDept) September 18, 2016

Neighbors in the area reported seeing a plane catch fire in the air.

"My husband and I were on our swing outside watching this plane go around, and all of a sudden we heard this big bang and we saw the plane catch on fire," said Jeri Kimbro, who lives in Chandler near Cooper and Ray roads.

Kimbro said it appeared to be trying to reach the nearby Chandler airport.

"It was on fire pretty bad," she said. "There were pieces of it on fire everywhere. We watched it go down. It was really sad. We're praying for their families."

Raina Strawn said she saw the plane crash into her neighborhood.

"I just saw the figure of a plane falling," she said.

Mason Paulette also witnessed the crash. "I saw a ball of flame straight down," he said. "It's not something you want to see."

Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2cvnZCl                                                                                                                                                  0236787-b20f6937be7daed676590cf9e217e001.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020432 00000000000 015133  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        "Nationalization is an old story in Latin America," says Larry Birns, director of the Council on Hemispheric Affairs. "Almost as old as oil itself." When countries choose to nationalize natural resources there are usually dire predictions that investors will flee and economies will crumble. These three cases of oil nationalization illustrate that investor panic can be shortlived and that a country's approach matters. But nationalization can hamper innovation and constrain a country's potential for investment.

MEXICO

President Lázaro Cárdenas nationalized Mexico's oil industry in 1938, kicking out US and European firms and setting up state-run Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex). Today it still ranks as one of Mexico's most popular decisions.

Pemex was not the first national oil company in the Americas – YPF of Argentina was – but Mexico's expropriation is the region's first example of a classic state takeover. Since then Pemex's door has, under Mexico's constitution, been tightly sealed to foreigners.

Although foreign governments boycotted Mexican oil in retaliation, over time nationalization was considered a boon for Mexico. With the finding of the massive Cantarell field in the 1970s, Pemex grew into one of the largest oil companies in the world. Its revenues pour into Mexico's coffers, funding about a third of the federal budget.

"Because Mexico nationalized so early ... it created a system in which nationalization became part of the political identity of Mexico," says independent energy analyst Roger Tissot.

But after its peak in 2004, Cantarell production suddenly slowed, which hit the entire industry. Mexico went from producing more than 3 million barrels a day to just over 2 million. Inefficiencies, mismanagement, and taxation rates that cripple the state-run company's ability to reinvest in technology and exploration came to the fore.

Suddenly, the company that was once considered the antidote to Mexico's dependence on the United States was fighting for its own survival. Today, its proven reserves are running out, and it lacks refining capacity, so it must import billions of dollars in products like gasoline. Its hydrocarbon potentials are enormous, but it lacks the technology and expertise to exploit deepwater reserves in the Gulf of Mexico, as the US has done. Most other countries would call in experts from the multinationals, but Mexico is constitutionally barred from doing so.

Any talk of "privatizing" Pemex still means political suicide. But facing Pemex's demise, Mexico has moved to make the company more enticing to foreign participation in recent years.

In 2008, Mexican President Felipe Calderón passed a reform opening up incentives for more private contracting, instead of the fixed-service contracts that dissuaded many would-be participants. That could open the way for international partnerships in the Gulf of Mexico.

Pemex has made important moves in the past six years to stabilize production, says Jeremy Martin, director of energy at the Institute of the Americas. "But the ... consensus is they need that outside support and partnership," he says.

BRAZIL

Brazil established a monopoly over the oil industry in 1953 when President Getúlio Vargas created Petrobras, the outcome of a seven-year campaign with nationalist slogans like "The oil is ours." In 1954, operations began, and Petrobras produced only about 2 percent of the country's domestic oil consumption.

Nearly 60 years later, Petrobras is the fifth-largest energy company in the world and a leader in deepwater and ultra-deepwater oil extraction. Its monopoly in Brazil continued into the 1990s, a period when privatization, free trade, and neoliberal policies swept the Americas.

President Fernando Henrique Cardoso broke the monopoly in 1997 (see chart), and investment, competition, and efficiency increased as the company was forced to compete with outside companies to develop Brazil's oil fields, says Joao Augusto de Castro Neves, a Latin America analyst at the Eurasia Group. This opening could be credited for Brazil's 2007 discovery of "pre-salt" deepwater oil fields – named for the oil deposits in rocks located under a vast layer of salt – an area expected to boost Brazil's oil reserves by 50 percent, he says.

When socialist Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva was elected president in 2002, some feared his Workers Party platform would mean the end of international oil concessions. But Mr. da Silva, widely known as Lula, instead created a system where all future foreign investment in strategic areas would consist of partnerships with Petrobras, which would hold a majority stake. He did not amend existing oil contracts, nor did he expropriate enduring international partnerships.

Lula moved forward with countless social programs – catapulting 29 million Brazilians into the middle class – yet he didn't use Petrobras as a political tool to bankroll his programs the way Venezuelan leaders have with oil. The Petrobras model "forces the company to compete, but keeps ownership, national pride, and resource nationalism intact," says Terry Karl of Stanford University.

As the majority stakeholder, Brazil plays a larger role than before in the entire oil supply chain, putting a heavier burden on Petrobras to adopt better regulation policies and increase investment in equipment and distribution capacity.

A lack of high-skilled labor puts additional strain on Petrobras, and some fear the economic diversity that has allowed Brazil to grow and develop beyond many of its neighbors could decline if industry becomes too reliant on oil production.

VENEZUELA

President Hugo Chávez has increased state control over the oil industry, but he wasn't the one to nationalize Venezuela's oil.

Petróleos de Venezuela S.A. (PDVSA), the state-owned oil company, was nationalized in 1976 at a time when many countries in the Southern Hemisphere were asserting sovereignty over their natural resources.

It was hailed as a national victory, but by the 1990s, oil prices were down and Venezuela was in deep economic trouble. Though the country sits on an estimated 900 billion to 1,300 billion barrels of oil in the Orinoco Oil Belt, Venezuela – like many countries that nationalize – lacked the technology, capital, and know-how to monetize the oil underfoot, says Jorge Piñon, a fellow at the Center for International Energy and Environmental Policy at the University of Texas in Austin.

As a result, the country began opening its oil sector to foreign investors. The idea was to attract private international companies with the means to undertake exploration and extraction in exchange for shared profits, says Dan Hellinger of Webster University in St. Louis.

Mr. Chávez won 1998 elections (see chart) on a populist ticket that promised to use the country's vast oil wealth for the benefit of the poor. Though criticized for using oil money to fund his programs, he was not the first Venezuelan leader to use the revenues for political ends.

His presidency set the stage for a new wave of renationalizations, with countries like Bolivia and Ecuador following suit. None of these countries closed the door on international investment, but they raised rents and changed fiscal agreements in their favor.

At home, Chávez lost large swaths of technical know-how when he fired nearly half of PDVSA employees in 2002 during an opposition strike. It took years to regain this lost capacity.

In 2007 (see chart), when Chávez expropriated oil assets in the Orinoco, commanding at least 60 percent ownership in existing international oil partnerships, production fell by nearly a quarter, and he furthered an international perception of Venezuela as a pariah.

"There is a fear on the part of most foreign investors because the Venezuelan ground rules are not the traditional ground rules," says Miguel Tinker Salas, a Latin America professor at Pomona College.

Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy

Nevertheless, with the second-largest proven oil reserves in the world, Venezuela has no shortage of nations courting oil investment opportunities. Recent partnerships include China, Vietnam, and Belarus. But Mr. Piñon warns that what these countries can provide in capital is not necessarily matched by the required technological expertise.

Get daily or weekly updates from CSMonitor.com delivered to your inbox. Sign up today.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      0236892-de8f5c5bf1a1d4ec0e78814fe15ab373.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003040 00000000000 015336  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        An Amazon pickup location at the University of California, Berkeley. Thomson Reuters For its latest service offering, Amazon is reinventing the vending machine.

Called Amazon Instant Pickup, the new service will allow customers to pick up items within minutes of ordering them, according to Reuters. That's faster than the hours that Amazon Prime Now requires — and much faster than traditional shipping options.

Customers order from the Amazon app and use a barcode to access their purchase, which can include snacks, drinks, and essentials like phone chargers. An Amazon employee fills the Instant Pickup locker within minutes of the order.

The service is designed for impulse, need-it-now purchases, and it uses Amazon locations already in operation for traditional pickups on college campuses.

Think of Instant Pickup like a large vending machine with a staff of one. An Amazon representative told Reuters that some items could be cheaper if you chose to buy them with Instant Pickup rather than selecting traditional shipping, but they did not go into more detail on specific pricing.

Instant Pickup gives Amazon yet another foothold in the physical world, which it is increasingly looking to occupy after announcing in June that it would purchase Whole Foods for $13.7 billion.

Instant Pickup is already available in five locations, including the University of California at Berkeley and UCLA. Amazon says it will expand the service to its 22 college campus locations by the end of this year. Like most new Amazon services, it's for Prime customers only.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                0236895-b08f635a0b77d2765fc27af614790ce1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007513 00000000000 015055  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        March 10, 2011

by Myron Goldfarb

(for henrymakow.com)







The crime of the century 9/11 was committed by the Israeli Mossad and the FBI and CIA and George Bush and his cabinet are all involved.



Larry Silverstein leases the trade towers seven weeks prior to 9/11 even though someone had bid $50 million more. Prior to this the Mossad were going around pretending to be Arabs.



They took flight lessons saying they didn't need to learn how to land. Then they left the Koran in cars and were in strip clubs the night before 9/11. The Israelis making sure to tell everyone they were Arabs.



We know the CIA and FBI were involved, because many agents shorted stocks on the airlines and sold options on the airlines and made millions. This should be a horrendous red flag with many agents making millions and could only have done it with prior knowledge. Then you have the FBI agents that confiscated cameras from area businesses that would have shown the missile hitting the Pentagon.



There are so many red flags that prove 9/11 is one huge lie.



Number one,they don't have any photos of all these Arab men who flew the planes in those airports.



Number two, a 757 never ever flies from Boston to California with only forty passengers. It's never been done even once before. That's why they have hubs if they need more passengers. But those planes should have left those airports with no less than 200 passengers and then they might have picked up more in Chicago or Atlanta.



This one piece of evidence proves the planes were staged to not have many passengers. Why didn't the pilots question the lack of passengers? Did they ask the airport why the lack of passengers? So if something was never done before why was it done four times on 9/11?





Then we have the fact that nobody could have used their cell phones to call, because they were traveling too fast. So this means the cell phone calls were bogus and they were staged by the Mossad or our government. Then you have the fact that the planes didn't have windows and had a pod underneath and no markings. This means they weren't 757s belonging to those airlines. Then the jets hit the side of the buildings and they hit steel girders but not one piece of the wings or fuselage fell off.





One huge piece of evidence is the fact that when the planes hit they were loaded with kerosene and there should have been hundreds of gallons of kerosene on fire streaming to the ground. But if you look at the videos there isn't any fuel falling. It's just a fireball and nothing more.



In several videos you can clearly see the thermite as it is burning and throwing off showers of sparks prior to the explosions. Then you can clearly see flash explosives going off as the buildings fall and you can see explosives blowing out 200' from the buildings.



The truth be known, none of the planes that left the airport were involved in the crashes. Did the people even board planes or were they simply loaded on buses and taken out of the airports?



The fact that CIA and FBI agents profited from 9/11 is clearly evident by paper trails. The videos show all the evidence we need that there was explosives in the building. Arabs could not have placed the explosives. This leaves Larry Silverstein and the Mossad.



Once again the Arabs are blamed for a crime committed by the Mossad. But if the Arabs had committed 9/11, what were they wanting to accomplish?





The fact is the buildings needed to have the asbestos removed. This would cost many millions of dollars and taken years. So the buildings had become obsolete and what better way for Larry Silverstein to make a few billion? To make us hate the Arabs and have the Patriot Act written weeks in advance and all ready to sign by lawmakers who weren't allowed to even read it.



Now we have one million more federal agents. We have FEMA camps in place. All we need is another attack.

                                                                                                                                                                                     0236310-cdc41203b330bce9008d65b0493e62cb.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011425 00000000000 015056  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        “I’m the freak with the service dog.” This is how Mackenzie Lough, 14, has started to introduce herself.

People can see the service dog. What they can’t see are Mackenzie’s disabilities – depression, anxiety/panic disorder, social phobia and obsessive-compulsive disorder.

Like many young people who struggle with mental illness, Mackenzie was afraid to ask for help. She attempted suicide when her symptoms became unbearable. Those of us who haven’t experienced the darkness of depression may never know the depth of those feelings.

“It’s like I can’t breathe,” Mackenzie says. “I’m in a box, trapped and I don’t know where to turn or what to do. I’m shaking, my head is pounding, my heart is racing and I don’t know how to get out of that box.”

She says it’s easier now because she has Pepperpod, a trained service dog, to help her through those tough times. “Pepperpod notices when I’m in trouble. He gives me the confidence to tell somebody what I’m feeling and get help.”

Prescribed therapy

Mackenzie’s family doctor consulted with a psychiatrist and recommended the service dog after numerous therapies weren’t working. She was hesitant at first because she didn’t want to broadcast her disability.

As her symptoms continued, she realized she had to do something. Her parents began looking into service dogs, which brought them to Tamara Follett, founder and president of Assistance Dogs for All.

Follett, who is also Pepperpod’s trainer, notes that he is trained to fulfill key tasks to mitigate Mackenzie’s disability.

“These include medication reminders where he’ll sit by the area where her medication is kept until she acknowledges him,” says Follett.

“In the event that Mackenzie wants to hurt herself, he is trained to distract her by putting himself in her way and blocking the activity. He won’t settle until she responds. Someone seeing this might think it’s a dog misbehaving, but those who know the task would understand what he is doing,” she explains.

Pepperod can also lead Mackenzie to an exit when she is experiencing distress or fear paralysis, get help if needed, and do a room search if she is feeling uneasy.

Mackenzie has completed intensive training and certification to support Pepperpod in doing these tasks.

Follett says that a miniature-breed dog like Pepperpod, who is a Pomeranian, is the best match because of the specific services Mackenzie requires.

“Since she needs Pepperpod to be with her all the time, portability is a key issue. Also, because he’s so small, he causes less disruption in public places,” Follett says. “These dogs can have all the heart of a big dog but in a smart, highly portable package.”

Barriers and challenges

While human rights legislation protects Mackenzie in bringing Pepperpod into public places, it can’t shield her from the judgment and harassment she continues to encounter on a daily basis – in places like restaurants, shopping malls, as well as her own school.

“People can’t see Mackenzie’s disability so they assume it isn’t real and that Pepperpod is just her pet,” said Jennita Lough, Mackenzie’s mother. This occurs even though Pepperpod wears a clearly marked vest and has a carrier that identifies him as a service dog. Lough has also provided posters to numerous places in the community as well as the school.

“What people miss is that Pepperpod is Mackenzie’s medical device,” Lough said.

“He’s as important to her ability to participate in everyday life as a wheelchair is to someone with a physical disability. No one would ask for the wheelchair to be left at the door.”

There are of course, people who have legitimate concerns – severe allergies or fear of dogs – in which case these rights also need to be recognized. Mackenzie accepts that. She fights for her rights everyday.

Mackenzie says, “I know this is real and that I’m not fake. This is what makes me feel better and I have to just realize that it doesn’t matter what society thinks. I just wish more people would be supportive and want to help and care about people with mental illness.”

While it’s exhausting and has contributed to both her anxiety and panic, Mackenzie wants to speak up and do what she can to make it safer for others like her. “I want other kids who suffer from mental illness to know there is a light at the end of the tunnel. They just have to keep searching for that light.”

Lough says there is no doubt that Mackenzie is benefitting from having Pepperpod at her service. “The only proof I need is that my daughter gets up and goes to school everyday.”

Feature photo by Ingrid Misner, Artistic Impressions Photography

In Part 2 of this series, Leanne Fournier will look at the challenges of recognizing the rights of psychiatric service dogs and their handlers.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0236767-1c4cdac5b0ee2d6a9d2567d6b13b760b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004131 00000000000 015323  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Sam Simon, a co-creator of "The Simpsons" who made a midlife career shift into philanthropy and channeled much of his personal fortune into social causes including animal welfare, has died after a long bout with cancer.

The nine-time Emmy winner died Sunday, his agent, Andy Patman said. He was 59.

"Simpsons" showrunner Al Jean also confirmed the news Monday on Twitter.

.@thesimpsons #everysimpsonsever Just heard terrible news of death of @simonsam. A great man; I owe him everything. — Al Jean (@AlJean) March 9, 2015 .@thesimpsons #everysimpsonsever If you would like to honor Sam's memory, do something nice for the next animal you meet. An enormous loss. — Al Jean (@AlJean) March 9, 2015



Hank Azaria, who voices numerous characters on "The Simpsons," also took to Twitter to pay tribute.

Rest in peace and thank you for The Simpsons, Sam Simon. — Hank Azaria (@HankAzaria) March 9, 2015



Simon was diagnosed with advanced colon cancer in 2011.

After stints writing for "Taxi," ''Cheers" and "The Tracey Ullman Show," Simon helped launch "The Simpsons" in 1989.

Sam Simon: A self-confessed dog nut

He left the series after its fourth season under a deal that rewarded him with ongoing royalties from the show, which remains in production. He established the Sam Simon Foundation, which rescues dogs from animal shelters and trains them to assist the disabled. He also funded a Los Angeles food bank and was a benefactor for Save the Children.

"As we mourn the loss of Sam, we also celebrate his life and legacy of giving to those who need it most," Save the Children President and CEO Carolyn Miles said in a statement. "He gave a voice to children and endangered animals who can't speak up for themselves. And he gave away his fortune so that they may have a chance at a better life."

The Sam Simon Foundation also paid tribute with a statement posted on its Facebook page: "We all miss him, and in his honor, we will continue bringing his vision to light through our work at The Sam Simon Foundation. We take comfort in knowing how many greetings he is receiving across that Rainbow Bridge. We love you Sam!"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236898-ebdf79843a5b5a02eea760759b2ab10c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002536 00000000000 015264  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The Evacuated Tube Transport (ETT) system (U.S. Patent 5950543, assigned to ET3.com, Inc.) would take passengers from New York to Beijing in just two hours. Advocates of Evacuated Tube Transport (ETT) claim it is silent, cheaper than planes, trains, or cars and faster than jets.

How it would work: put a superconducting maglev train in evacuated tubes, then accelerate using linear electric motors until the design velocity is attained. Passive superconductors allow the capsules to float in the tube, while eddy currents induced in conducting materials drive the capsules. Efficiency of such a system would be high, as the electric energy required to accelerate a capsule could largely be recaptured as it slows.

The maglev tubes are permanently maintained at near vacuum conditions, and the capsules are inserted into and removed from the tubes through airlocks at stations along the route. After the capsules are accelerated to the design velocity (some 4,000 mph or 6,500 km/h), they coast for the remainder of the trip.

While tubes could be networked like freeways, with capsules automatically routed along their trip, local and long-distance trips would require separate maglev tubes to avoid unreasonable scheduling delays.

Members of the ET3 consortium have worked with parties in China, where they say more than a dozen licenses for the company have been sold.                                                                                                                                                                  0236824-850c50c1e3a4faa7e1587f8d53a0915d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012102 00000000000 015104  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        N.C. State has one game left to play before it hits the ACC portion of its basketball schedule.

Normally this time of year, teams use their final nonconference game to fine-tune their play before the games become more important.

But that’s not the case for the Wolfpack and its first-year head coach, Kevin Keatts.

The confluence of injury recovery and suspension has left Keatts and his staff adjusting to a different group.

Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The News & Observer

Tuesday night’s 81-69 win featured a solid frontcourt performance, with N.C. State’s Omer Yurtseven (12 points, 10 rebounds), Torin Dorn (17 points, 10 rebounds) and Lennard Freeman (11 points, 12 rebounds) all recording double-doubles.

“That is the best part of our team right now,” Keatts said.

That’s different than the six games N.C. State played while 6-8 forward Abdul-Malik Abu was out with a sprained knee ligament. When the Wolfpack had only Freeman and Yurtseven as true interior players, 6-5 Torin Dorn had to play the power forward position.

Now that Abu is back, Dorn slides down to the small forward position.

At the same time, N.C. State is dealing with starting point guard Markell Johnson’s absence. Tuesday night’s game with Robert Morris is the second he’s missed due to a suspension for a violation of the school’s student-athlete code of conduct.

Keatts said he didn’t know when Johnson will return and had no other comment about his status.

Johnson’s removal from the lineup means freshman Braxton Beverly had to play 37 minutes Tuesday night at point guard. This is the same Beverly who didn’t play in N.C. State’s first two games of the season back in November before the NCAA approved his appeal to play this season following his transfer from Ohio State.

SHARE COPY LINK NC State's Lennard Freeman talks about the Wolfpack's victory over Robert Morris at PNC Arena in Raleigh, NC Tuesday, Dec. 19, 2017.

“What’s happening with us right now is we’re playing guys who have never played together, at least this year,” Keatts said. “Our timing and our chemistry is not very good. It’s going to take us a little bit of time to adjust to what is going on.”

The time between now and ACC play is drawing to a close.

N.C. State (9-3) faces Jacksonville on Friday night at PNC Arena and, after that, the Wolfpack plays 18 consecutive games against ACC teams to close the regular season. The first two conference tests will be at Clemson on Dec. 30 and at Notre Dame on Jan. 3.

Between now and then, N.C. State has to discover what it has with the players currently available.

Unlike Saturday, when he missed his first game due to the suspension, Johnson wasn’t on N.C. State’s bench during the game against Robert Morris. So nothing points to him making a quick return from whatever has led to this suspension.

That leaves Beverly and Lavar Batts to handle the point guard duties. Though in uniform for Saturday’s 81-76 loss to UNC Greensboro, Batts didn’t play in what Keatts would only call a “coach’s decision.”

Batts returned to the playing rotation against Robert Morris, giving the Wolfpack help at point guard in his 22 minutes of play. He scored nine points and had two assists with no turnovers.

“I thought he ran the team, and I thought he valued the basketball,” Keatts said.

Beverly’s production dropped, perhaps under the weight of all those minutes on the court. He made just 1 of 8 shots and missed six of his 3-pointers.

SHARE COPY LINK NC State's Torin Dorn talks about the Wolfpack's victory over Robert Morris Tuesday, Dec. 19, 2017, and adjusting to play without Markell Johnson, who was suspended indefinitely.

At shooting guard, Keatts has senior Allerik Freeman, who struggled with 1-of-10 shooting against Robert Morris. Another senior shooting guard, Sam Hunt, missed his only two shots in nine minutes of play.

So it fell on N.C. State’s bigger players to bail the team out. After a disappointing loss to UNC Greensboro, the Wolfpack trailed Robert Morris 39-36 at halftime.

Dorn said he had no explanation for why, coming off an embarrassing loss, the Wolfpack weren’t the better team early against Robert Morris.

“We definitely can’t have that,” Dorn said. “We definitely have to start fast because we play fast. We definitely have to shore that up before we get into ACC play or get into the meat of our schedule.”

The Wolfpack played better half-court defense in the second half, as the Colonials his just 10 of 40 shots (25 percent).

Communication breakdowns on defense were cited as a major reason for the Wolfpack’s loss to UNCG. The half-court defense looked better in the second half to stifle Robert Morris.

It will have to be even better on Dec. 30 at Clemson and for the next two months from there. That goes for the rest of N.C. State’s play.

At this point, expecting N.C. State to be a cohesive unit when league play starts at Clemson is probably too much to ask given all the roster twists and turns.

But the Wolfpack is going to have to come together quickly because when ACC play arrives, it will be unforgiving.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0236889-0f103abfc424121b99664a0b150e2334.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007411 00000000000 014653  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        To coincide with the release of The Nice Guys, Kieran Fisher recommends 10 other buddy cop movies worth checking out…

This weekend marks the release of Shane Black’s new film The Nice Guys, starring Ryan Gosling and Russell Crowe as a law enforcement duo investigating a missing persons case. It also sees Black return to his roots, having rose to prominence in 1987 with his buddy cop action comedy Lethal Weapon. That film would serve as a progenitor for other films centred around the friendships of law men, which included The Last Boy Scout and Kiss Kiss Bang Bang. When it comes to films of this ilk, Black is the undisputed king, but he’s not the only one responsible for giving us some gems throughout the years. This list recommends some of that are well worth your time.

10. Samurai Cop (1991)

Directed By Amir Shevran

Starring Mathew Karedas, Mark Frazer, Robert Z’Dar, Gerald Okamura & Melissa Moore

Joe Marshall (Mathew Karedas) and Frank Washington (Mark Frazer) are two detectives who go up against the Los Angeles yakuza, with hilarious results.

Often cited as the greatest bad movie ever made, Samurai Cop is the holy grail of trash cinema, and the essential buddy cop movie when it comes to ineptitude. The film has garnered such a die-hard cult following over the years that a sequel was released earlier this year, which is also well worth seeing.

9. 21 Jump Street (2012)

Directed By Phil Lord, Christopher Miller

Starring Jonah Hill, Channing Tatum, Ice Cube, Brie Larson & Dave Franco

A pair of underachieving cops are sent back to a local high school to blend in and bring down a synthetic drug ring.

The most surprising thing about 21 Jump Street is just how funny it actually is. Based on the hit ‘80s TV show starring Johnny Depp, the reboot proved to be a huge critical and commercial success. Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum play the dim-witted duo to perfection, and their mishaps are the cause for much hilarity.

8. Turner & Hooch (1989)

Directed by Roger Spottiswood

Starring Tom Hanks, Craig T. Nelson, Mare Winningham & Reginald VelJohnson

A detective must adopt the dog of a dead man to help him find the murderer.

Turner & Hooch isn’t your typical buddy cop film, but what better buddy is there than man’s best friend? All dog owners will attest to that. This was released prior to Hanks blowing up and becoming a ‘serious’ actor, and it’s one of the unsung gems of his entire filmography.

7. Bad Boys (1995)

Directed by Michael Bay

Starring Will Smith, Martin Lawrence, Marc Macaulay & Téa Leoni

Two hip detectives protect a murder witness while investigating a case of stolen heroin.

Michael Bay’s Bad Boys contains the successful blend of action and humour that typifies the directors best work, due in no part to the natural chemistry between its stars Will Smith and Martin Lawrence. While it doesn’t break any new ground for films of this ilk, it executes the tropes we know and love expertly to create some stylish, brainless fun.

6. 48 Hrs. (1982)

Directed By Walter Hill

Starring Nick Nolte, Eddie Murphy, James Remar & Annette O’Toole

A hard-nosed cop reluctantly teams up with a wise-cracking criminal temporarily paroled to him, in order to track down a killer.

Take Eddie Murphy back when he was actually funny, team him up with one of the greatest action directors of all time in Walter Hill, and the results are as magnificent as you’d expect. It also stars Nick Nolte, who’s the personification of everything that’s bad ass and cool. This movie breaks the formula a little, as it teams a cop up with a criminal so they can track down a killer, but unlikely pairings proving to be fruitful in the end are commonplace in these movies. The greatest friendships are the ones born from conflict.

Click below to continue on to the second page…                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236896-26310d9cc1c419070e699cd080af1daa.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005143 00000000000 015111  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Videos Here you'll find informative, in-depth video interviews with leading physicians, medical researchers, and other experts.

All Videos Epilepsy: Current Trends and Treatments for Focal Seizures Racial Disparities in Cardiovascular Disease Expert Perspectives on Schizophrenia Treatment Approaches and Relapse Prevention Improved Outcomes in the Management of Hepatic Encephalopathy Advances and MASAC Guideline Recommendations for the Treatment of Hemophilia Appropriate Treatment for Incarcerated People with Schizophrenia Multi-Drug Resistant Gram-Negative Bacteria and Novel Treatment Approaches Precision Medicine in the Treatment of Severe Asthma Clostridium Difficile Infections: Updating Best Practices in Diagnosis and Treatment Evolving HIV Treatment Landscape Optimizing Insulin Therapy in Diabetes Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplant: Infection Control Treating Osteoarthritis of the Knee COPD: An Individualized Approach to Medication and Delivery Therapeutic Optimization in Crohn's Disease Therapeutic Strategies in the Management of COPD Enhanced Recovery: A Team Approach to Managing Postoperative Ileus Multidisciplinary Perspectives on Reducing Cardiometabolic Risk Preventing Heart Failure Readmissions Through Better Care Advances in the Management of Cardiometabolic Syndrome Individualizing Treatment in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Practical Management of Psoriatic Arthritis and Ankylosing S The Evolution of Antiretroviral Therapy for HIV Managing Clostridium Difficile Infections In the Community Optimizing Infection Control to Improve Outcomes of Allogene Heart Failure Risk Reduction Strategies and Transition of Ca Understanding Hidradenitis Suppurativa Medication-Assisted Treatment in Drug Abuse Cases: A Path to Managing Heart Failure Today: Current Best Practices and New Malnutrition and Associated Sarcopenia Improving Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Strategies in the Management of Relapsing-Remitting Multiple Spondyloarthritis Expert Perspectives: Management of Acute Myeloid Leukemia Gout Modifying the Course of Multiple Sclerosis in New Ways Expanding Treatment Options: The Latest Developments in COPD Novel Anticoagulation Options:Target-Specific Oral Agents an Amassing the Clinical Evidence for Optimized Dyslipidemia Ma Multiple Sclerosis Advances in Heart Failure Management Optimizing Outcomes in HIV Treatment Advances in the Diagnosis and Management of Rare Disorders Modifying the Course of Multiple Sclerosis: The Growing Trea Management of Breakthrough Pain in Cancer Patients Managing Chronic Pain: Practical Considerations to Improve T Chronic Pain Update 2013: New Data and Perspectives on Asses                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0236900-857bd3cc91d80ff49aa11cdb75ad53c5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003576 00000000000 015341  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The former Ukip leader’s endorsement is set to stoke tensions between the pair who are frequently at loggerheads. Ukip’s Mr Farage previously branded the former Belgian prime minister a "fanatic" and said the EU had “declared war” on Britain by his appointing him as chief Brexit negotiator. The former Belgian prime minister is no stranger to ruffling feathers across the English Channel. WHO IS GUY VERHOFSTADT?

GETTY Nigel Farage has called for Guy Verhofstadt to be President

GETTY Mr Verhofstadt leads a liberal bloc of parties in the EU Parliament

THE BREXITEERS Sun, January 17, 2016 Brexit: Independent experts have drawn up a list of the most influential people on Brexit Play slideshow 1 of 51

Guy Verhofstadt previously attempted to revive controversial proposals for an EU President, which were shelved when plans for a European Constitution were abandoned amid a mass outcry in 2004. He described David Cameron, Boris Johnson and Mr Farage as “rats fleeing a sinking ship” following their resignations after Britain voted to cut ties with Brussels club. The 63-year-old EU veteran has already made a number of inflammatory remarks about Britain's decision to leave the EU, launching a six-point plan to take advantage of Brexit and create a European superstate. Under his proposal individual member states would be scrapped and Europe would move towards a republican form of governance based on the system used in the United States.

GETTY The MEP has a reputation as a staunch federalist

He has also said that Scotland should be allowed to stay in the EU independent of the rest of the UK, despite several senior European leaders categorically ruling such a scenario out. Under his hardline position, Mr Verhofstadt has insisted the UK cannot have access to the single market without accepting freedom of movement.

GETTY Nigel Farage has called for the former Belgian PM to be president                                                                                                                                  0236831-34221101cf1a481030710dfd7c37214c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000032327 00000000000 014555  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        (quick) Prologue 2.0

Below is a timeline I made of the entire history of the Middle East, starting from the beginning of time to now.

If the timeline looks oddly empty, it’s because it is empty. We have to fill it in together. You and me. Come, take my hand.

Note: There are a lot of dates in this post. Most of them are wrong. Apparently there are two different systems for dating ancient history. The first way involves the use of the correct dates. The second way, termed “short chronology”, was invented by the type of person that likes the world to be unnecessarily complicated, because all the dates are off by about 64 years. Despite this, people still use it (probably because they made the same mistake I did and didn’t feel like going back to fix it). So long story short, every time you see a date in this post just assume it’s plus or minus 64 years.

Prehistory (6 million B.C.-10,000 BC)

The first human-like creatures are thought to have appeared in Africa around 6 million years ago. Roughly 2 million years ago, one of these creatures discovered that rocks were hard and could be used to break stuff open. Hence the dawn of the Paleolithic Era around 1 million BC (meaning “old stone age”) .

For the next 1,900,000 years, hominids meticulously perfected the fine art of smashing-stuff-with-rocks. Then, just when it looked like the apex of technology had been reached, modern humans came along and figured out how to make fire.

This was around 100,000-200,000 years ago.

Unlike their predecessors, modern humans lived in small hunter-gather societies of 15-30 people. For the most part, daily life went like this:

And so for the first 100,000 years or so that humans existed on the Earth, they wandered around from one place to the next, eating food all day, smashing and stabbing everything with rocks, and setting shit on fire.

Then, around 10,000 BC this happened:

This turned out to be a really big deal. Rather than meandering around in search of food, mankind finally decided it was way more convenient to just plant some seeds, set up a nice hammock, crack open a beer and wait for the food to grow. Hence the Agricultural Revolution and the start of the Neolithic Era (New Stone Age)

Armed with this new awesome idea called agriculture, humans stopped moving around and started living in small settlements. Many people believe the oldest settlement on Earth is Jericho, near the Dead Sea. There’s evidence that people started chillin’ there as early as 12,000 BC.

Apparently farming was a much easier skill to perfect than smashing-things-with-rocks, because it took a mere 6,000 years for humans to get really good at it. This, too was a big deal because before farming, humans basically spent their whole lives doing two things:

But once agriculture improved, people were free to devote their time to other important things:



Suddenly, there was time for stuff like art, music, public service, and binge-watching TV shows on Netflix. In short, the ability to stop endlessly searching for food all day was the biggest step towards the formation of human civilization.

The two earliest civilizations on earth both started next to rivers; the Sumerian civilization in present day Iraq, followed shortly thereafter by the Egyptian civilization near the Nile river. Both civilizations were part of an area that’s sometimes called the fertile crescent, because it’s a semi-circle of habitable land in an otherwise oppressively uninhabitable area.

Today, we’ll talk about the inhabitants of the northern part of the fertile crescent, the first civilization in the Middle East (and Earth): The Sumerians.

Part 1: The Sumerian Civilization

By 5300 BC, people started settling in an area that is present day Iraq, in a valley between the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers. The Greeks would later call this area Mesopotamia (which surprisingly is not the name of a respiratory illness but instead means “between the rivers”).

It’s pretty crazy that civilization first started in Mesopotamia based on how difficult the surrounding environment was. See, it turns out the Tigris River was kind of a dick and would flood at completely unpredictable and largely unhelpful times.

Hardship of this sort would define the way that Sumerians viewed the world and therefore their culture. For example, here’s a nice excerpt from a cheery little Sumerian poem:

“The sin I have committed I know not; the forbidden thing I have done I do not know. Some god has turned his rage against me; some goddess has aimed her ire. I cry for help but no one takes my hand.”

Yikes. Anyways the totally emo Sumerian civilization would exist for close to 4,000 years–which is a really long time. Let’s try to go through that really fast.

Uruk Period 4100-2900 BC

You could say the Sumerians were totally in the zone during the Uruk period. Over just 600 years spanning from 3800-3200 BC they invented writing, the wheel, the plow, orchards, sail boats, and irrigation. Cities sprouted up all over the place and if I were to list a few of them and then throw in an extra made up name consisting of random letters you probably wouldn’t be able to spot the fake. There’s a map below if you’re interested.

By 3000 BC, the city of Uruk had become the largest in the world (and was home to the world’s largest ball of yarn). This time marks the beginning of the Early Bronze Age.

Dynastic Period 2900-2350 BC

Despite being part of a common group, the cities of Sumer bickered and fought with each other over petty, insignificant things like water and food. Out of all this fighting arose the need for strong rulers. This led to the first kings in history, known as Lugal (‘big man’). Under the robust leadership of Lugals, the 13 city states of Sumer would finally stop bickering and work together to manage the floodplains in an organized fashion.

Akkadian Empire 2350-2200 BC

A little bit north of Sumer, the city of Akkad started to become pretty popular. Nobody knows exactly where Akkad was located, but a close cultural relationship between the Sumerian speakers and Semitic speaking Akkadians soon evolved.

Then, around 2350 this guy named Sargon came out of Akkad and took over Sumer. In doing so, Sargon created the world’s first empire (basically, he ruled over a kingdom from afar). Sargon was actually a pretty cool guy despite having this annoying tendency to knock everybody’s walls down and forcibly take over huge swaths of land. Sargon allowed a lot of the Sumerian cultural customs to continue during his rule, which led to an even closer meshing of the Akkadian and Sumerian cultures. Under Akkadian rule, the main spoken language switched from Sumerian to Akkadian. After a short period, the Akkadian empire failed but at this point the people of Sumer said “fuck it” and decided it was too much work to go back to speaking Sumerian. Instead, Akkadian remained the spoken language while Sumerian became the main written language.

Gutian Period 2200-2111 BC

After the fall of the Akkadian empire, there was this really awkward period of anarchy where the Gutians (I don’t even know, they’re just some group of people) would come in from the Zagros Mountains up north and destroy stuff. Honestly, we don’t know much about this period except that the Sumerian writers apparently really hated the Gutians, cause they talk mad shit about them at every opportunity.

The Third Dynasty of the City of Ur 2111-2000 BC

Eventually the Gutians were overthrown and the Sumerian city-states reunited under King Ur-Nammu of the Sumerian city of Ur. This momentous occasion was known as the “Third Dynasty of Ur”, or the “Neo-Sumerian Empire”, or the “Sumerian Renaissance”, or just Monday. This was a pretty sweet dynasty that lasted five generations.

For some reason, people started to get real creative during the Sumerian Renaissance, and started asking questions like:

“How did the world come into being?”

“What happens when we die?”

“If I’m clean when I get out of the shower, how does my towel ever get dirty?”

This kind of creativity and search for understanding is best exemplified in the great epic poem of Gilgamesh, which is believed to have been written around this time.

The epic of Gilgamesh focuses on Gilgamesh, an ancient king of the Sumerian City of Uruk. Two thirds god, one third man, and 100% badass, Gilgamesh was initially kind of a douche. He was basically the world’s first version of “that guy” that everyone secretly hates. He’d piss off his subjects by demanding sex from young women while making all the young men build stuff.

Fed up with Gilgamesh’s uncool ways, the people eventually go crying to the gods. The gods, who are just trying to have a good time up in heaven, are annoyed at first but finally decide to send this guy named Enkidu to kill Gilgamesh. Enkidu was like that alcoholic friend that rages so hard that it’s actually scary. He was described as living with the animals and suckling at their breasts.

Anyways, Enkidu goes to kill Gilgamesh and after a “prolonged wrestling match” the two call it a draw and decide to just become best friends instead. They then set off on a series of adventures, battling monsters, outwitting the gods, and learning what it means to be women in the modern world. During one of their more famous escapades, they go to this forest that’s forbidden to mortals, kill the monster guarding it, and steal a bunch of trees.

Enkidu was also a pretty good wingman and the two went clubbing a lot and picked up tons of girls. One night, Gilgamesh ends up totally rejecting Ishtar, who just happened to be the goddess of love. Ishtar then goes all crazy ex girlfriend on Gilgamesh and pulls the classic “I’m sending a winged-bull from heaven to kill your best friend” move.

After the death of his BFF, Gilgamesh gets really sad and goes about trying to find immortality in mankind’s first ever recorded mid-life crisis. In the end, Gilgamesh doesn’t find immortality, but he learns to become a wiser king and stops being an a-hole to everyone. Upon returning home, he sees his sweet city and decides that his name will live on in its legend.

Anyways back to real life. Creating a sense of awe and admiration was central to the governing power of kings during the Third Dynasty of Ur. Nobody took this more seriously than King Shulgi who started a rumor that he ran 100 miles from Nipper to Ur…and then back again, to officiate the festivals in both cities. He also encouraged everyone to name their children after him so they would regularly be reminded of his power.

Despite this foolproof method, the Third Dynasty of Ur slowly started to deteriorate due to outside influence. A group of people named the Amorites kept coming in from the west and north, while the Elamites kept intruding from the East. In an effort to stop these incursions, Shulgi built a 155 mile long wall. Unfortunately, the wall was way too long and couldn’t even be properly manned. It also had this major design flaw in that it wasn’t anchored to any solid barrier at the end points, so invaders just followed the wall until they reached the end and then walked around it.

Eventually, the Elamites outright invaded and destroyed the Sumerian city of Ur. In the ensuing power vacuum, the Amorites came in and took control of a bunch of cities. One of these cities was Babylon which would become the center of the Babylonian Empire (which we’ll take about next time). A really interesting side note: when the amorites came into Sumer, the area was suffering from a famine. Because of this, a bunch of them decided to leave after a short time. It’s thought that biblical figure Abraham was one of those people, who left Ur to go settle in Canaan.

So with the destruction of Ur and the increasing influence of Amorite leaders in the city of Babylon, the Sumerian civilization came to an end around 2000 BC.

The impact of the Sumerian civilization on the rest of mankind cannot be overstated. Not only was it the first civilization on Earth, but much of their customs and inventions are still around today. Samuel Noah Kramer in his book “History Begins at Sumer” lists 39 firsts in history from the region including schools, proverbs, sayings, love songs, funeral chants, and the concept of 60 second minutes and hours.

Next time, we’ll talk about the Babylonian Empire that rose up from the ruins of the Sumer civilization.

(By the way, Dinglebington is not a real city.)

Connections to Present Day

As you may know, I’ve undertaken this project to better understand the context of present day Middle Eastern affairs. It’s already paying off. A video recently surfaced of ISIS militants destroying ancient artifacts at a museum in Mosul. The statues date back to the Akkadian empire, which we know is well over 4,000 years old. The reasoning behind the destruction of the statues is that Islam prohibits polytheistic religions, such as those practiced by Akkadians. An Iraqi archaeologist said “It’s not only Iraq’s heritage; it’s the whole world’s.”

Fortunately, it appears that most of these statues were only replicas. The director of the museum has since told the public that the authentic versions are in safe storage. Still, not all of the destroyed relics were replicas, and it’s a sad example of how ISIS is destroying some of our only connections to the world’s earliest civilizations.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0236913-075831b96aed57361f5bf5e0783091f7.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005345 00000000000 014720  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Press

Web Search By The People, For The People: YaCy 1.0

on: 2011-11-28

The YaCy project is releasing version 1.0 of its peer-to-peer Free Software search engine. The software takes a radically new approach to search. YaCy does not use a central server. Instead, its search results come from a network of currently over 600 independent peers. In such a distributed network, no single entity decides what gets listed, or in which order results appear.

The YaCy search engine runs on each user's own computer. Search terms are encrypted before they leave the user and the user's computer. Different from conventional search engines, YaCy is designed to protect users' privacy. A user's computer creates its individual search indexes and rankings, so that results better match what the user is looking for over time. YaCy also makes it easy to create a customised search portal with a few clicks.

"Most of what we do on the Internet involves search. It's the vital link between us and the information we're looking for. For such an essential function, we cannot rely on a few large companies, and compromise our privacy in the process," says Michael Christen, YaCy's project leader. "YaCy's free search is the vital link between free users and free information. YaCy hands control over search back to us, the users."

Each YaCy user is part of a large search network. YaCy is already in use on websites such as sciencenet.kit.edu, yacy.geocaching-portal.com, or fsfe.org, to provide a site-wide search function that respect users' privacy. It contains a peer-to-peer network protocol to exchange search indexes with other YaCy search engines.

"We are moving away from the idea that services need to be centrally controlled. Instead, we are realising how important it is to be independent, and to create infrastructure that doesn't have a single point of failure," says Karsten Gerloff, President of the Free Software Foundation Europe. "In the future world of distributed, peer-to-peer systems, Free Software search engines like YaCy are a vital building block."

Everyone can try out the search engine at http://search.yacy.net/. Users can become part of YaCy's network by installing the software on their own computers. YaCy is Free Software, so anyone can use, study, share and improve it. It is currently available for GNU/Linux, Windows and MacOS. The project is also looking for developers and other contributors.

YaCy homepage: http://yacy.net

YaCy search portal: http://search.yacy.net/

How to contribute: http://yacy.net/en/Join.html

Free Software Foundation Europe: http://fsfe.org

Michael Christen

YaCy Project Leader

Tel. +49 177 6424235

Email: mc@yacy.net

Karsten Gerloff

President, Free Software Foundation Europe

Tel. +49 176 9690 4298

Email: gerloff@fsfe.org                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0236745-392fc911f9b01f91242ab2ce45e82b0c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004116 00000000000 015105  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A CORAL growing on the Great Barrier Reef has been found to self-regulate itself against one of the more harmful effects of climate change.

Australian researchers have detailed, for the first time, how a species of coral has developed a high degree of resilience to ocean acidification.

The team, from the University of Western Australia, the University of Queensland, and the ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies, conducted experiments on the branching coral Porites cylindrica, at Heron Island.

They found the species has a reservoir of calcifying fluid which maintains a constant pH (acidity) level, regardless of the pH level in the surrounding waters.

Over a six-month period from mid-winter to early summer, the coral maintained its pH at near-constant elevated levels, independent of changes in the environment, such as temperature.

Lead author of the study, University of WA researcher Lucy Georgiou, said the research suggested corals were tougher than originally thought, when it came to withstanding ocean acidification.

Ocean acidification is caused by rising carbon dioxide and is one of the greatest long-term challenges facing the survival of reefs and coral.

“We know corals have an internal ability to regulate their internal pH relative to that of the seawater they’re living in, but we didn’t know they were able to do it at this level,’’ Ms Georgiou said.

“It seems regardless of whether the pH is relatively low or high, they can still maintain their own pH at a level which they are comfortable with, to keep calcifying and grow, and keep doing what they need to do.”

The researchers studied the colony in its natural environment using an innovative free ocean carbon enrichment technique to simulate the impact of ocean acidification.

While the findings are positive, it is not yet known if the adaptation is species-specific and limited to colonies where there is a high fluctuation of ocean pH levels.

“We think it is most likely only typical to coral from reefs such as Heron Island Lagoon where temperature and pH fluctuations vary greatly,” Ms Georgiou said.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236265-842ded0895d52720a6583ba475186bdd.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003154 00000000000 014765  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Almonds

Almonds are stone fruits (since they are the kernel of a fruit) and originally come from Asia; nowadays they also grow in Spain, America (California) and Italy. The consumption of almonds used to be very popular for healing the diseases of those living the good life. Cooks of royal families used to add almonds to the food so that the heavy meals of meat were easier to digest.

Rose family

Almonds are members of the rose family and are therefore also called ‘The queen of the rose family’. Other family members of the almond are the peach and the apricot. Almonds were grown thousands of years ago without having an official name. It took some time before the name almond was created. This was because botanists kept thinking up new names for it.

Ornamental shape

The almond tree can be recognized by its ornamental shape. In exceptional cases, the tree can reach a height of 12 metres. The flower of the almond tree contains a large amount of nectar and therefore attracts many insects. Bees in particular target this tree and take care of pollination at the same time. Fruit are found in the tree early every year. Almonds do not ripen until the end of summer.

Nutritional value

Almonds are famous because of their antioxidant capacity. The almond is rich in the antioxidant vitamin E. Antioxidants, such as vitamin E, can play a role in preventing cardiovascular diseases and cancer, and in slowing down the ageing process. The magnesium in almonds helps strengthen bones and plays a role in different enzyme processes in our body. Almonds are, like all nuts, rich in unsaturated fat.

Further information to other nuts:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0236902-e70458878d3c00847deabbe2f2e6199f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016524 00000000000 015142  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Each Wednesday throughout the regular season Kevin Weekes will be offering his pluses and minuses for the teams competing in the NBCSN Wednesday Night Rivalry game in his Weekes on the Web blog. Weekes will also be assisting fans with three must-watch elements of the game.

The Washington Capitals are trying to keep pace in the race for first place in the Metropolitan Division. The Philadelphia Flyers are just trying to get back on track so they maybe can think about a run to catch up in the race for the Stanley Cup Playoffs.

Confidence on one side, desperation on the other. That's the matchup NBCSN is offering in its latest edition of the Wednesday Night Rivalry series.

The Flyers are coming off a 7-3 trouncing of the Tampa Bay Lightning on Monday, a win that should provide a measure of confidence that the club has been lacking this season. They played against one of the best teams in the Eastern Conference and crushed them.

The Capitals are coming off a 2-1 win against the Colorado Avalanche on Monday, a win that falls in line with how they have been playing for nearly six weeks, dating back to Dec. 4, when they beat the Carolina Hurricanes 2-1 to start the 13-1-4 run they're currently on.

As we do every week with the Rivalry Night game, let's break down the matchup:

FLYERS

Pluses: That was a huge win against the Lightning and it showed the plus for the Flyers is they can score. The plus is Jakub Voracek, Claude Giroux and Wayne Simmonds. They can score and make plays.

The fact they beat the Lightning in a dominating fashion, if they can't get confidence from that there is a problem. They're not going to be putting up seven on a nightly basis, but they should at least believe in themselves as a team that they can play with the top teams and score with the top teams.

The Lightning are really fast and the Flyers were able to play at the same speed. It stands to reason if the Lightning are that quick and you can play at that same speed, you should be able to do it more often.

The problem for the Flyers is they have just been so inconsistent this season. They've been maddeningly inconsistent, but that game Monday proved they can get to the net and score as well as any team in the NHL.

Minuses: The big challenge for the Flyers is the defense; it's just something they haven't fully addressed. They have addressed it by piecemeal, but that's it.

And I don't want to hear too much about Kimmo Timonen being out, because while he's had an excellent career, he's also 38 years old.

I also don't want to hear anybody use the name Chris Pronger as an excuse. Yes he got hurt, but come on, how long ago was that now?

I'm looking for a homegrown defenseman, a stud they can build around. Where is that guy?

Let's just say defense is seldom a position of strength for the Flyers from a developmental standpoint, from a drafting standpoint, you name it. Everybody looks at the Flyers and their carousel of goalies and says the easy fix is in net, but it's bigger than that because the goalie can't play offense too.

You can't put a price tag on having a proper defense core, and that's about drafting and developing. Look at the Nashville Predators. They were deep enough to trade Kevin Klein, who has been great for the Rangers. The Flyers would love to have a guy like Klein.

As a result, the Flyers struggle to play with speed on a consistent basis. They did it against Tampa Bay, but they haven't done it consistently. That makes what players like Giroux and Voracek are doing this season all the more impressive. It really does.

What would happen if the Flyers had top level defenseman back there? What if they had an Oliver Ekman-Larsson or a Keith Yandle? What kind of numbers would Giroux and Voracek be running then? Think about it.

CAPITALS

Pluses: You have to respect how Alex Ovechkin is playing. I also respect his openness this season. He has had an open mind all season and has been willing to do and try different things that are out of the norm and somewhat out of character for him. That's been huge for the Capitals.

Alex Ovechkin Left Wing - WSH GOALS: 22 | ASST: 15 | PTS: 37

SOG: 199 | +/-: 10

In the past, one thing you can say for the most part with Ovechkin is it hasn't been for a lack of trying. He's an effort superstar, but he's had a lot of coaches. There are a lot of people that have asked him to do a lot of different things in his own game. He's made some nice adjustments along the way. He made some nice adjustments under Adam Oates , but clearly he is different under Barry Trotz

The bottom line for Ovechkin is he's putting it all together and I think he's just gotten a few more lessons from Trotz than from any other coach he's had. He's recognizing even more why those things matter and how they matter. In doing that, he knows he doesn't have to be great every night, but there are areas where he can still be a difference maker every night. His success is no longer dependent killing himself to get that production on a game-to-game basis, but if he plays within the rhythm of the game and how the Capitals want to play, he will still get his chances. That's a big difference, and the fact that he's embraced that says a lot to me.

We hear a lot about how getting players like Matt Niskanen and Brooks Orpik has helped change the culture within the Capitals dressing room, but give Ovechkin some credit there too. No room is easy to come into when it already has superstars, especially given the size of what Ovechkin represents. That Ovechkin has opened it up and allowed Orpik and Niskanen to have the impact they're having without running interference on them says a lot about Ovechkin's growth.

Ovechkin's openness is something I don't think enough people are talking about this year. He's far more secure.

Minuses: I don't really have a minus for the Capitals right now. They are 13-1-4 since Dec. 4. There is no minus. They're winning in different ways every night. They're playing within the flow of how they want to play and yet they're still creating offensively.

The only potential minus is if they default back to what they used to be, but they haven't shown signs of that. It's one thing to make adjustments, but it's easier to make adjustments when you're getting the results the Capitals have been getting.

THREE THINGS TO WATCH

1. Flyers defense

I want to see how the Flyers are able to defend. I know the Capitals can defend, but can the Flyers defend the Capitals?

2. Capitals consistency

I want to see what type of a game Washington plays. Will the Capitals continue to play this honest game they're playing, or will they get sucked into a different game? The Flyers can do that to teams. The Lightning got sucked into it. They weren't as fast and they weren't as disciplined. They got sucked into a Wild, Wild West game. They got sucked into a game they're not accustomed to playing. Will that happen with the Capitals?

3. Mike Green

This is an underrated thing, but Green's situation is interesting being that he's on the third defense pair. He's Washington's fifth defenseman now, and it works for him. The Capitals have insulated Green, which I think is genius. He doesn't have to match up defensively against a lot of the premier opposing players, because that's not his strong suit anyway. They can then take advantage of him in an offensive role and use him extensively on the power play. I like how they have him slotted this year. It's a little wrinkle that makes a difference.                                                                                                                                                                            0236923-3a2a9256ed373047df4e0a230ff2aba5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004510 00000000000 015151  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        "Congress will expect thorough and timely consultation until full implementation is complete," Sen. Bob Corker said in a statement. | Win McNamee/Getty Images Corker: Trump administration moving ahead on delayed Russia sanctions Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle began clamoring for action after the Trump administration missed the Oct. 1 deadline.

The State Department is set to begin implementing new Russia sanctions after lawmakers in both parties raised questions about the weeks-long delay, according to a Thursday statement from Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker (R-Tenn.).

At issue is an Oct. 1 deadline to identify entities in the Russian defense and intelligence sectors in line for new sanctions under a sweeping bipartisan bill that President Donald Trump signed in August.

Story Continued Below

Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle began clamoring for action after the Trump administration missed that deadline, urging Trump to use the powers they gave him to get tougher on Moscow, and Corker said on Thursday that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's department would release the information imminently.

The Trump administration's sanctions move "is a good first step in responsibly implementing a very complex piece of legislation, and I appreciate Secretary Tillerson’s attention to this important issue," Corker said in a statement. "Congress will expect thorough and timely consultation until full implementation is complete.”

Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.

The Tennessean said on Wednesday that he would get answers from the administration on sanctions within 24 hours, and spoke with Deputy Secretary of State John Sullivan about the issue on Thursday afternoon.

A State Department spokesperson did not commit to releasing the guidance Thursday but vowed that it would be made available "shortly."

"It’s important that we get all the details precisely correct in implementing this complex piece of legislation," the spokesperson said. "We also need to fully inform Congress of the steps we’re taking. Key industry stakeholders as well as our allies and partners around the world also need to hear from us on this important matter."                                                                                                                                                                                        0236924-f435d324b6b17d5e50ccb606ace9e864.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002543 00000000000 015201  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Dominic Opron is one lucky, little baseball fan. Something happened to the 11-year-old at Tuesday night’s Detroit Tigers game in Cleveland that he’s going to be talking about for the rest of his life.

Dominic not only swiped a foul ball using his hat, but he made a new best friend — Miguel Cabrera.

Clad in Indians gear, Dominic was sitting in the front row just feet away from Cabrera at first base.

“He looked bored at first so I yelled ‘Hey Miggy, I got your back’ and then he smiles over me,” Dominic told Stoney from 97.1 The Ticket, who was at the game with his daughter.

Your browser does not support iframes.

Dominic would get the chance to put his money where his mouth was in the fifth inning.

“And then, so the pitcher throws the pitch and Kipnis hits a chopper right to me,” Dominic said, “and it was hopping and hopping, and I just grab my hat and I just swipe it and I pick it right up and then I tell Miggy, ‘Miggy, I got your back, I told you!'”

Cabrera, who was clearly having a good time with Dominic, then did just about the coolest thing ever.

“He said ‘Wait a minute, wait a minute’ and then he went and go got his bat, his gloves and he gave me all this stuff.”

Dominic’s favorite player used to be Carlos Santana — but not anymore.

“It’s all Miggy,” he said.

The Tigers went on to beat the Indians 7-3.                                                                                                                                                             0236905-cc2d9ab2ce38681f7f2d75f35fea2fa2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002711 00000000000 015422  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        [flv:https://queerty-prodweb.s3.amazonaws.com/wp/docs/2010/06/brockelca.flv https://queerty-prodweb.s3.amazonaws.com/wp/docs/2010/06/brock03994.jpg 650 400]

The Rev. Tom Brock, the senior pastor at Hope Lutheran Church in North Minneapolis, is the winner who blamed August’s tornado during the ELCA conference’s gay clergy vote on The Gays. Yes, for real. Brock took his congregation out of ELCA because of their tolerance for homosexuality (and funding for pastor abortions), and has spent countless sermons and YouTube videos railing against you queers. But, what’s this, Brock is a member of a group therapy group for recovering homosexuals?

(Update: The original YouTube video — of Brock preaching against ELCA and the queers — was pulled in the hours after our post. Luckily, we saved a copy.)

Brock belongs to Faith in Action, the Minnesota chapter of the Catholic Church’s Courage group, which teaches gays how to avoid giving in to their gay feelings. That’s the report out of Lavender, the queer Minnesota magazine, which exposes Brock as a member of the tribe, struggling with his same-sex attractions — which proved too great on a recent trip to Slovakia. Reporter John Townsend writes about his encounter with Brock at one of these meetings (raising all sorts of questions about privacy and ethics).

Welcome, Brock, to the fold of George Alan Rekers, where closeted homophobes must travel internationally to get their rocks off.

[Lavender Magazine]                                                       0236877-4158de69dc7abfc2da4c0a2916e1545f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012677 00000000000 015277  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Forwards

Strikers

Leading the attack for New York is 50 Cent ("Fifty" in our diagram because Lineup Builder wouldn't let us put a number in the name). 50 Cent is ruthless, can take many hits from defenders, and will act as a strong number 9 for the city. He is a prolific rapper, and definitely has the ego and selfishness we need from a great striker.

Backing up Mr. Curtis Jackson are DMX and A$AP Ferg. Both loud, proud, and prolific rappers of their own.

Midfielders

Attacking Midfielders

Wingers

Out wide, we have a young, flashy winger on the left and a speedy vet on the right. A$AP Rocky as our left midfielder is the type of dude to do you in with a couple of stepovers, nutmeg you into the shadow realm, and leave you in the dust as he cuts in and scores a screamer. His backflip celebration is topped off by the shine from his diamond grill. Behind him on the depth chart are Q Tip and MF Doom, both creative and technically skilled vets who despite their age haven't lost a beat.

On the right is Busta Rhymes. Busta has been in the business forever, but his blazing speed and technical ability is unmatched, and he will blow past you like his syllables and rhymes blow past mach speed. He's getting up there in age, but will still put in a stellar cross after beating his man to the touch line. Backing him up are Desiigner, a raw talent with a high ceiling, and Papoose, who is in NY because his passion for the city is immense.

Central Attacking Midfielders

GZA, the genius, is our obvious number 10. Just absolutely brilliant, his mind is unmatched and his creativity overflowing. GZA will give our attackers the through balls that nobody can think of, but also has the talent to take on defenders one-on-one and come out with the ball afterwards.

Our bench players are no slouches either, and are constantly fighting for the starting spot. We have Immortal Technique, who, as his namesake suggests, has insane technical skill. Many would consider him the GOAT, many would consider him overrated, but he can challenge for that starting spot. Also on the bench is Pharoahe Monch. He's one of those dudes who's been around a surprising amount, and definitely has the talent and creativity, but he's been plagued with injury, and has played on-and-off for most of his career.

Defensive Midfielders

The greatest midfielder pairing of all time. They push each other to be better, and they even bicker often. But these two are the two pillars of New York hip hop. Jay Z and Nas each deserve a statue, and while the chemistry between the two of them started off poorly, both are such tremendous players, that they make the best pairing of all time. Backing them up are another pairing of Talib Kweli and Mos Def, who are possibly some of the more underrated players in the game, but both of them have great chemistry together, having played for so long together. In the reserves are Swizz Beatz and RZA, who while strong in certain ways aren't the best on the field for their abilities on the ball. Gritty and persevering, they are good guys to have in the fold and in the locker room.

Defenders

Centerbacks

New York's centerbacks are scary, man. They will kill you, and they are immense. Fat Joe and Ghostface Killah both have seen everybody come and go, but one thing remains constant: they are still there. Our centerbacks will absolutely bully you, and Donald Trump can only hope to build a wall like this.

Backing them up are no slouches as well. Jim Jones might be from The Diplomats, but there is no diplomacy when it comes to stopping a counter attack. Action Bronson is obviously the guy to step up after Ghostface Killah. Rev Run is a vet who's mostly there for locker room orale, and Joell Ortiz, despite his great form, can't seem to make it off the bench.

Fullbacks

Fullback is not a particularly deep position for New York, or anywhere else. Going for experience over youth, Cam'ron and Jadakiss are both on their own amazing one-on-one defenders. Cam'ron will frustrate you and will make u mad when he stops your attack, and Jadakiss is just absolutely ruthless. When there's a need for more attacking fullbacks, we have French Montana and Joey Bada$$, who are highly aggressive and will overlap well with the wingers we have on the roster. Juelz Santana is a veteran presence who can still contribute, but has seen his production drop off in recent years, and Troy Ave is one of those, couldn't-play-other-positions-well-enough-so-let's-try-him-out-at-fullback players who plays an occasional cup game.

Keepers

KRS-One, the teacher, is our man between the poles. He is a shot-stopper, but he can also spray a ball to midfield effortlessly. He's been around forever, but his game is timeless, like the verses that he spits. KRS-One is a living legend, and deserves a statue outside the stadium. Behind him is Puffy, or Puff Daddy or P. Diddy or Diddy, who has been known to pull the strings of a successful attack. Unfortunately, he has always tried to put himself in drama, and has never had loads of ability, so he is riding the pine. Also available for selection is Aesop Rock, an underrated talent, who unfortunately has never really grown more than a niche support despite his talent and influence.

On the IR is Bobby Shmurda and Max B after suffering from a prison sentence earlier in the season. Also in the reserves are Flatbush Zombies, the rest of Pro Era, Method Man, and others.

So, what do you think? Are we right, do you have other ideas? Tweet them to us @ViewFrom202 or email us at contact@viewfrom202.com                                                                 0236925-e2b549530ce7490ee69872a546b1f050.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003676 00000000000 014720  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Northside ISD drops student tracking program

Steve Hernandez's daughter Andrea sued Northside ISD over its badges with radio frequency identification technology. Steve Hernandez's daughter Andrea sued Northside ISD over its badges with radio frequency identification technology. Photo: For The Express-News Photo: For The Express-News Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Northside ISD drops student tracking program 1 / 7 Back to Gallery

Northside Independent School District officials confirmed on Monday that they have ended its controversial student tracking system using ID badges, which triggered a national firestorm of debate on privacy, religious and health grounds.

Northside's school board in May 2012 approved the pilot program, which uses radio frequency identification, or RFID, technology chips inserted in students' identification badges to locate them on campus. School officials can see where the students are by logging into a district computer that uses chip readers installed throughout the campus to detect their badges.

The project was approved only for use last school year at two campuses that had the low attendance rates: Jay High and Anson Jones Middle schools, totaling 4,200 students. Northside could have eventually expanded it to cover nearly 100,000 students at its 112 campuses.

The school district faced nearly instantaneous online criticism, and later in-person protests, from various civil liberties groups after announcing the proposal. Add to that a lawsuit from a student who refused to wear the badge for religious reasons, two lawmakers that unsuccessfully tried to get it banned in Texas schools, and a website hacking attempt from someone claiming to be with the international activist group Anonymous.

Superintendent Brian Woods exclusively spoke with the Express-News about why Northside decided to end the RFID student tracking program.

Click here for the full story on ExpressNews.com.

fvara-orta@express-news.net

Twitter: @fvaraorta                                                                  0236888-82eba8e55f8aad6fc2edad9280e89fb0.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006203 00000000000 015523  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A pair of House Democrats unveiled legislation on Thursday that would prohibit the use of taxpayer funds to display Confederate symbols on federal property.

That would include locations such as the Capitol, military bases, highways, parks and streets maintained by the federal government.

Democratic Reps. Adriano Espaillat (N.Y.) and Dwight Evans (Pa.) are introducing the bill amid renewed furor over whether Confederate statues in the Capitol and localities across the nation should be taken down.

ADVERTISEMENT

"We recognize these symbols for what they are and for the abhorrence they represent, still today,” Espaillat said in a statement. “We defeated the Confederacy once, and we must be willing to defeat it once again, now and forever, as the tribute to the legacy we leave behind for the next generation.”

Both lawmakers noted in the statement announcing their legislation that there are more than 100 public schools and military bases named after Confederate leaders, in addition to the hundreds of monuments and statues. Most of those Confederate memorials are located in southern states.

Evans, a member of the Congressional Black Caucus, said the Confederate monuments symbolize “a constant reminder of what our ancestors endured.”

“If we want our nation to heal and move forward, we must remove these abhorrent symbols at once," Evans said.

Black Caucus members have renewed calls in recent days to remove the Confederate statues in the Capitol. Many had previously urged for the statues' removal in 2015 after the racially motivated shooting at a historic black church in Charleston, S.C.

However, only states have the power to remove and replace statues in the National Statuary Hall Collection under the current rules.

“These are decisions for those states to make," Doug Andres, spokesman for Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe’s allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.), said Thursday.

But a spokesman for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) suggested that lawmakers could change the rules so that Congress has more power to remove statues or agree to move the statues out of public view.

Efforts to remove Confederate monuments multiplied in communities nationwide after the violence stemming from a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Va. The white supremacists had descended upon Charlottesville to protest the city council's decision to take down a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.

Since then, the city of Baltimore removed four Confederate memorials overnight and protesters pulled down a statue in Durham, N.C.

Earlier Thursday, President Trump defended Confederate monuments in a series of tweets.

“Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments,” Trump tweeted. “Robert E Lee, Stonewall Jackson — who's next, Washington, Jefferson? So foolish!”

He added that “the beauty that is being taken out of our cities, towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0236933-98082e589f604b6d933f4f9991f373db.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020731 00000000000 014745  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Getty Trumponomics How Trump Could Declare a Trade Emergency Trump wants to roll back the Washington consensus on trade. And he has the power to do it.

Todd Tucker is a fellow at the Roosevelt Institute , where he leads work on international economic law and politics. Follow him @toddntucker.

Could Donald Trump’s trade plans survive court attack?

The president-elect is pledging an overhaul of trade policy that appears to break with longstanding American tradition. From threatening to withdraw from the 164-member World Trade Organization, to slapping tariffs on individual companies that offshore jobs, to this week appointing a trade critic as U.S. trade representative, Trump seems determined to reverse a decades-old bipartisan elite consensus.

Story Continued Below

Could courts provide a check on Trump’s trade plans? Some experts argue that they could. Law professor Rebecca Kysar, looking at Team Trump’s proposal to slap a 5 to 10 percent tariff on all imports, believes the idea could run afoul of Congress’ traditional power of the purse. Tariffs raise revenue, she notes, and revenue bills have to originate in the House of Representatives and then be approved by the Senate. If Trump doesn’t follow this process, courts will order a do-over. This is a valid point, as far as it goes: The Constitution's Article I, Section 7 does indeed establish this sequencing for new legislation, which was built on practice from the British House of Commons. On Wednesday, Speaker Paul Ryan confirmed he won’t be ushering a tariff hike through Congress anytime soon.

The real issue, however, is that Trump won’t need new legislation. Both chambers -- who under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution are the default crafters of foreign commercial policy -- have already delegated substantial trade powers to his predecessors. Indeed, dating back at least 14 decades, Congress has given the president virtually unlimited discretion to act to address emergencies and preserve national security.

While this language calls to mind military round-ups and detentions, successive U.S. presidents have leaned heavily on this authority as an economic and trade tool. During the U.S. Civil War, Abraham Lincoln used it to impose a four-cent levy on each pound of Southern cotton to fund the war effort. Franklin Roosevelt expanded these rules to pertain not only to times of war, but also national economic emergency. Within days of being sworn in, he unilaterally used the newly fashioned rules to close ailing banks, heeding the calls of Depression-wracked manufacturing states like Michigan. (Congress gave its blessing a few days later with the Emergency Banking Act.) And Richard Nixon used the authority to -- among other things -- impose a 10 percent surcharge on imports, broker a deal to restrain steel imports and license oil imports.

Far from blocking these moves, courts endorsed them. In the 1800s, the Supreme Court cited English monarchical privileges and the U.S.’s forceful conquering of New Mexico to show that heads of state alone determine emergency responses. And a century later, courts unanimously held that Nixon acted constitutionally, arguing that “no one has a vested right to trade with foreign nations” (U.S. v. Yoshida (1975)) and that courts had long blessed Roosevelt’s stretching of the presidency's powers. Seen in the full light of history, Trump is not breaking new ground as much as reviving a constitutionally permissible economic activism.

Since Nixon’s policies are the closest parallels to what Trump has floated, the courts’ reasoning deserves further exploration. The dispute over the import charge - Yoshida - was heard by the U.S. Court of Customs and Patent Appeals. Consumers Union v. Kissinger (1974) - on the steel restraints - by the U.S. Court of Appeals for D.C. The oil controversy (Federal Energy Administration v. Algonquin (1976)) went all the way up to the Supreme Court, which effectively endorsed the other two decisions by declining review.

The three decisions dealt with different planks of Nixon’s actions, but each followed similar reasoning. Each gave weight to the fact that Congress had multiple opportunities to amend the underlying authorities - codified in the 1917 Trading with the Enemy Act and 1962 Trade Expansion Act (TEA) - and never chose to rein in the president's authority. They noted that imports had increased rapidly in the 1960s and 70s, and that fees and charges were reasonable and efficient ways to address the matter. Moreover, the policies were more measured than they seemed at first glance: Certain industries and countries could be exempted from the charges if the president found diplomatic or economic reasons for doing so. Indeed, the Yoshida court noted that Nixon’s applied surcharge, once exemptions were factored in, was closer to 5 percent—not 10 percent. On balance, and looking to the legislative history, the courts noted that members of Congress knew the potential downside of giving a president so much power (namely, a risk of trade wars and international tensions). Despite this, generations of legislators decided the upside to having a common inter-branch front during emergencies was worth it.

Beyond that, the courts also placed importance on the fact that the president had to affirmatively declare an emergency. This created the possibility of later political accountability for him or his party if he exceeded the statutory requirements. For instance, the TEA mandates that the president consider whether imports are affecting national security by weakening domestic industry and workers, along with any “other relevant factors” (an expansive checklist indeed). Once Nixon made his determination, he could take any action for any duration to “adjust imports.” To the judges, this amounted to something that at least looked like a legal limitation, i.e. he would have to consider only “relevant” factors. As a political matter, however, this burden is minimal indeed.

Is it remotely plausible that Trump could rely on these statutes to fulfil the demands of his Midwestern constituents? In a word, yes. He could declare the decline of manufacturing employment to be an emergency or threat to national security. There would be ample support for this proposition. Certain industry clusters have reached the tipping point, where the U.S. can no longer count on continued domestic production. Across the Midwest, persistent joblessness, growing rates of addiction, and historic reversals in mortality among the white working class stand out against other regions, eras, and countries. The U.S. has lost 5.1 million manufacturing jobs since 1998, with steep declines in the states Trump just won. While some of the decline in manufacturing employment is undoubtedly due to technological change (i.e. humans being replaced by robots), a growing body of evidence suggests that trade policy and offshoring decisions also play a big role. Particularly if his actions are temporary and lead to some sort of international realignment deal at the end (as did Nixon’s), courts are likely to be deferential to the president’s traditional authority over foreign policy.

Trump’s lawyers can take solace in the dictionary definition of “emergency,” which doesn't require that a phenomenon be new, just that its severity have been previously unacknowledged. As Inside Philanthropy's David Callahan writes, financial support for research documenting globalization’s drawbacks is virtually nil, while business groups lavishly fund research on its positive qualities. Indeed, the virtual unanimity among election watchers that Trump could not win speaks to the blind spots in our national politics.

The cases explored above relate to older statutes, but they fall within a pattern of concentration of power in the executive branch that has if anything accelerated in the years since. Every president since Nixon has enjoyed some form of Fast Track authority, where they can pick countries to negotiate so-called trade deals with, put lots of non-trade rules in them, and then get a guaranteed up or down vote in Congress - no amendments allowed. The purpose of this procedure is to give the president a freer hand to make concessions that members of Congress might find politically unpalatable.

The irony here is stunning: Corporate lobbyists fought for decades to shield presidents from meaningful checks and balances on trade. And now, they face the prospect that President Trump will wield weapons of their own creation against them. If he does, he will find the task much easier than most people assume.                                       0236927-9a39f8c90e3081640e16af91aa1cd0ff.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014555 00000000000 015207  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Over the last few days I was wondering what is a “lightweight” desktop. And I must say I couldn’t come up with an answer to that question.

I was considering various things like “being memory efficient” which I discarded for obvious reasons. First of all it’s difficult to measure memory usage correctly (I haven’t seen anyone, who provides numbers, doing it correctly, this includes especially Phoronix). And then it’s comparing mostly apples to oranges. Loading a high-resolution wallpaper might make all the difference in the memory usage. Also if desktop environment Foo provides features which are not provided by Bar it’s obvious that Foo uses more memory. But still it’s apples vs oranges. It’s not a comparison on memory, it’s a comparison of features. And of course one might consider the Time-memory-tradeoff.

So is it all about features? Obviously not. If there is a feature a user needs and uses it cannot be bloat. The fact that a desktop environment has only few features cannot be the key to being lightweight. Being evil now: many people say GNOME is removing features, but nobody would say that GNOME is lightweight.

What about support for old systems? That’s not lightweight, that’s support for old hardware. And it’s something which doesn’t make any sense given Moore’s law. Which raises the first question: what is old hardware? One year, two years, ten years? Is it a moving target or is a Pentium III for all time the reference? Optimizing for old hardware means not making use of modern hardware capabilities. But does that make sense to not use modern hardware if it is available? Using the GPU for things the GPU can do better than the CPU is a good thing, isn’t it? Parallelize a computation on multi-core if possible is a good thing, isn’t it? But if you do so, you are optimizing for modern hardware and not for old hardware. So saying you are good for old hardware, implies you are bad on new hardware? Also I’m wondering how one can optimize for old hardware? Developers tend to have new hardware to not have problems like this. And how can one keep support for old hardware when the complete stack is moving towards new hardware? Who tests the kernel against old hardware? Who provides DRI drivers for obsoleted hardware which doesn’t fit into modern mainboards (who remembers AGP or PCI)? Who ensures that software is still working on 32 bit systems, who would notice such a breakage for example in the X-Server? So lightweight cannot be fit for old hardware. And remember: optimizing for old hardware is not the same as optimizing for modern low-end hardware. Even the Raspberry Pi has a stronger CPU (700 MHz) than the oldest Pentium III (450 MHz) – not to mention things like OpenGL…

What’s it then? Let’s ask Wikipedia. For Xfce it tells us, that “it aims to be fast and lightweight, while still being visually appealing and easy to use”. Unfortunately there’s no link on lightweight and also no reference. Let’s try again, LXDE: “The goal of the project is to provide a desktop environment that is fast and energy efficient”. Again no real definition and just stating a goal. But it goes on:

LXDE is designed to work well with computers on the low end of the performance spectrum such as older resource-constrained machines, new generation netbooks, and other small computers, especially those with low amounts of RAM.

I have no idea what a “new generation netbook” is, but it sounds like something modern half a decade ago. But we are down to the “being good on old hardware”, which we just discarded. Interestingly Wikipedia has references to prove that LXDE is good on RAM – unfortunately it’s references to Phoronix. Shame on you, Wikipedia, that’s a “benchmark” which has been considered seriously flawed by people understanding the topic.

Ok Phoronix aside, there is one more of the lightweight desktops to check. Razor-qt: “is a lightweight, Qt-based free software desktop environment for the X Window System. Unlike the KDE desktop environment which is also based on Qt, Razor-qt usually performs well even when used in computers with older hardware”. Damn, it again only claims and no reference for anything. Who says that KDE desktop environment (what’s that again?) is not performing well on older hardware? And what does the “usually” mean in that sentence?

So all Wikipedia gives us, is buzzword bingo and various claims without any proof (and not even a “reference missing”). Let’s try different and go to the projects directly.

Xfce tells us that it “is a lightweight desktop environment for UNIX-like operating systems. It aims to be fast and low on system resources, while still being visually appealing and user friendly.” Which sounds very similar to what Wikipedia wrote. Unfortunately nothing that tells us what lightweight means or what fast is or low on system resources. Fuzzy is fuzzy.

LXDE also has the same definition as shown in Wikipedia (maybe we should mark those wiki articles as advertisement?) but at least gives us a definition for what lightweight means to them: “It needs less CPU and performs extremely well with reasonable memory.” Fuzzy is fuzzy. What’s “reasonable memory” and “less CPU”? It goes on about various other things like “fast” and “energy saving” (which even are contradicting, e.g. fast is defined as working on hardware from 1999 and not require 3D – how that can be energy saving on new hardware one has to show me). The point energy saving is quite funny as it just says they are better than “other systems”. Oh well fuzzy is fuzzy.

Last but not least: Razor-qt. Razor doesn’t say it’s lightweight:

Razor-qt is an advanced, easy-to-use, and fast desktop environment based on Qt technologies. It has been tailored for users who value simplicity, speed, and an intuitive interface. Unlike most desktop environments, Razor-qt also works fine with weak machines.

Fuzzy is fuzzy. What’s a “weak machine”, what are the “most desktop environments”? Where’s the proof for other DEs not working well on those not-defined “weak machines”?

And here, poor fool! with all my lore I stand, no wiser than before. All what I could derive from studying what lightweight means is, that one just has to claim to be lightweight. Bonus points if you include it into your name. It seems like if you repeat it often enough people will repeat it and it will turn out into truth.                                                                                                                                                   0236220-d3889bf6cadc7b00c712436970771c11.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010542 00000000000 014743  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As most of you are probably well aware, since quite a while it is not very hard to write Qt applications to run on Android devices. A couple of weeks ago we at KO GmbH decided to look into how hard it would be to get KDE applications to run, and more specifically, if it would be possible to run Calligra with one of its mobile UI's on an android device.

So after some (sometimes frustrating) hacking, I've got the first results: Calligra Mobile running on an android tablet. There are still lots of rough edges, and not everything works correctly, but as you can see in these screenshots, it does actually run and work. To get to this point I had to make some rather ugly hacks though to work around some of the android limitations.

D-Bus

First of all, I had the problem that android does not come with dbus. Or, to be more precise, dbus is only used internally in android as an implementation detail and 3rd party applications should not try to use it. Because of this lack of d-bus, I basically ifdef'fed out all d-bus usages in the parts of kdelibs that I needed to run Calligra. I wasn't too worried about lack of dbus causing actual issues with Calligra, since from for example the Documents application on the Nokia N9 (which uses Calligra internally) I knew that Calligra doesn't really need any of the runtime deamons/processes that a KDE application generally tries to communicate with via dbus (none of the kde deamons are present on the N9).

KSyCoCa

The second major problem (and one I couldn't just get rid of by ignoring it) was figuring out how to get KSyCoCa to work. Calligra is heavily plugin based and relies on the ksycoca functionality to determine what plugins are available, and which are needed to display different filetypes. What I'll probably end up doing (and what is also basically what the N9 does) is include a prebuilt ksycoca file in my package. I tried various ways of getting kbuildsycoca4 to run nicely when needed (one hack even uglier than another), and none of them really worked nicely. Also I don't think it is really too big of a loss to not be able to install extra plugins outside of the application package for a mobile version of Calligra.

DBus and KSyCoCa are really the two big problems I had while getting to the point I am now. To get it all to work relatively smoothly I of course had lots of other small things to worry about:

Removing SOVERSION's from libraries. The way necessitas is designed it kind of fails if your libraries have a SOVERSION set in CMake.

Renaming plugins from foosomething.so to libfoosomething.so. I'm still not sure if it is an android limitation or a necessitas specific thing, but only libraries that start with "lib" seem to end up installed where I can dlopen them.

I'm currently including $prefix/share as part of the "assets" of my android package, this works fine and even somewhat transparantly with the way necessitas wraps this in a QAbstractFileEngine, but since these are not real files on the actual filesystem, I had to patch KStandardDirs to use QDir/QFile instead of direct filesystem access. A cleaner solution might be to extract all the files to some place in the filesystem first, but that would mean duplicating them, since they would also still be in the .apk.

Calligra Mobile used to (unnecesary) link against libQtOpenGL, this caused Necessitas to pick the OpenGL graphics engine, which unfortunately seems to be very buggy. After removing this dependency it reverted back to the raster engine and lots of things suddenly started working.

The current state of my code can be found in the following repositories:

git://anongit.kde.org/scratch/mkruisselbrink/calligra-android-build.git

This repository has a bunch of scripts I use to build kdelibs and calligra for android. Lots of hardcoded paths, so don't expect it to actually work for you. Also heavily based on the android build scripts for Quantum-GIS. The existence of those scripts helped me a lot to get KDE to build.

git://anongit.kde.org/clones/kdelibs/mkruisselbrink/android.git

The android branch in this repository has all my current hacks to kdelibs to make it build&run on android. Here also lots of hardcoded paths around as well as a whole bunch of ugly hacks and things that don't realy work yet.

git://anongit.kde.org/calligra.git

In the mobile-android-mek branch you can find the changes I made to calligra to make it run on Android. Nothing too spectacular here.                                                                                                                                                              0236968-e98e9d14e81faf0526d9d3ab0f694525.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001621 00000000000 015145  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Who needs a girlfriend when you have a Waifu? Ben and Kevin intimately discuss Katawa Shoujo with friends, as well as other big news stories that matter to them, and sometimes just their feelings.Episode 002- What is Love?Ben and Kevin discuss their very small experiences with the dating game, along with guests David and Fernando. What is a valid "relationship"? What is the right age to start dating? Why doesn't Emi exists? These question probably won't be answered!And then later on in the show, Fernando reads his short guide "How to Pick Up Girls", Kat talks about being approached by older men, and Ben tells the tale of Leeza and the Homeless Man!Intro Song- Spin by Juno & deltaOutro Song- Romance in Andante II by NicolArmarfiiTunes Feed: http://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/katawa-shoujo-podcast/id561442049katawashoujopodcast.blogspot.comkatawa-shoujo.comKatawa Shoujo is ©2007-2012 Four Leaf Studios                                                                                                               0236841-52f624a925f6ad0743bae8262c707bbc.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002745 00000000000 015115  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Officer Johnathan Burger (Photo: Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department)

An officer with the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department was arrested early Monday on suspicion of domestic battery.

Officer Johnathan Burger, 43, was taken into custody by detectives from the IMPD Special Investigation Unit on preliminary charges of battery with injury, a felony, and misdemeanor domestic battery.

About 10 p.m. Sunday, officers were dispatched to the 7400 block of Camby Road on the report of domestic disturbance, police said. Officers arrived and discovered that the male involved in the disturbance was an active IMPD Officer.

Officers called the Special Investigations Unit who arrived and conducted an initial investigation. The probe led to Burger's arrest.

"Detectives will review the findings of this case with the Marion County Prosecutor's Office for a final charging decision," an IMPD news release states. "Officer Burger was transported to the Arrestee Processing Center for processing where he remains at the time of this release."

Burger has been employed with the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department for seven years and is currently assigned to East District, police said. He is currently on administrative leave pending an internal review.

Police said the investigation is ongoing and no other information is available at this time.

Call Star reporter Justin L. Mack at (317) 444-6138. Follow him on Twitter: @justinlmack.

Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1C7L2gq                           0236957-2a01689a0cfe533473231b802cfa07e8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006016 00000000000 014750  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Health Science

(NaturalSociety) During the 2009 global influenza pandemic, millions upon millions were vaccinated for a so-called ‘swine-flu’, but a joint investigation by the British Medical Journal (BMJ) and the Bureau of Investigative Journalism (BIJ) has uncovered some serious conflicts of interest between the World Health Organization (WHO), who proposed such heavy vaccinations, and the pharmaceutical companies which created them.



The joint-investigation’s report explains that the WHO profited immensely from the scare tactics they utilized to promote the use of a swine flu vaccine. Creating mass hytsteria was the WHO’s emergency advisory committee’s goal. The advisory panel was choked with individuals highly connected to the pharmaceutical companies with vested interests in both antiviral and influenza vaccines.

An over $4 billion stake was invested in developing these vaccines, and without a pandemic there would be no use for them. Utilizing propaganda and fear, the drugs were pushed on unsuspecting people, and the money was made.

A German magazine has in fact called the swine flu a total sham. The WHO told the world that up to 7 million people could die without the vaccines they were pushing. They are considered a trustworthy organization by many, so governments everywhere, including our own, helped to push the swine flu ‘remedy.’

A commentator on the report responds that many of these ‘advisors’ were also kept secret from public knowledge:

“Key scientists advising the World Health Organization on planning for an influenza pandemic had done paid work for pharmaceutical firms that stood to gain from the guidance they were preparing. These conflicts of interest have never been publicly disclosed by WHO, and WHO has dismissed inquiries into its handling of the A/H1N1 pandemic as ‘conspiracy theories.’”

Read: 4 Effective Natural Solutions for Flu Prevention

Due to this secret advisory boards’ urging, governments purchased huge stockpiles of vaccines, many of which were never even used. Antiviral drugs like oseltamivir (Tamiflu) and zanamivir (Relenza), and vaccines like Pandemrix were purachased by the boatload making massive profits for Big Pharma companies.

Many of these drugs had never even been proven to work and were definitely not proven to be safe. The FDA has only flimsy data that oseltamivir and zanamivir are ‘safe’, though they have been in use since the 1990s. The FDA even opposed the initial submission of the drug zanamivir, manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline, stating that the safety of the drug and support for its use was severely lacking. The agency later changed its mind.

Fortunately, the propganada didn’t work as well as they thought it would, with many people having rejected the vaccines – which means millions in tax-payer funded drugs, most of which are either ineffective or simply unsafe, are sitting in government coffers somewhere collecting dust. They will soon expire in warehouses all around the globe. The full report of the joint investigation can be read here.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  0236978-147c96e5393f37df5e7c87468419d82d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007064 00000000000 014762  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Looking for news you can trust?

Subscribe to our free newsletters.





With Donald Trump struggling mightily among minority voters, the Republican National Committee is redoubling its own efforts to halt the party’s slide among voters of color. But on Tuesday night, Trump will participate in a Fox News town hall in Milwaukee, a city that has been rocked by unrest following the fatal shooting of a 23-year-old black man by a police officer on Saturday—a reminder to the party apparatus that there’s only so much it can do to control his message on issues of race.

Trump is expected to speak about the shooting of Sylville Smith during the town hall, which was scheduled before the shooting and will air at 10 p.m. Eastern on Fox News. Given his previous statements on the importance of “law and order,” it is likely that the Republican nominee will reaffirm his support of police officers during tonight’s event.

Trump’s presence in the racially divided city comes as the Republican National Committee works to improve its standing among minorities. On Tuesday, the RNC announced the launch of a weekly social-media campaign targeting Latino voters. According to a statement released by the committee, the campaign, which will feature content in English and Spanish, “will speak about job creation, the economy, national security, veteran support, education, taxes, and immigration.” The new outreach initiative will also include a video series called GOP Hispanics: The Week Ahead, which will make the case that the Republican Party is the best choice for Latino voters.

The RNC’s new Hispanic outreach efforts were launched one week after the Washington Post and the Associated Press reported that the committee had expanded its strategic-initiatives team to bolster its black outreach operations. Ashley Bell, the founder of a bipartisan group of black leaders and community activists called 20/20 Leaders of America and one of 18 black delegates at July’s Republican National Convention, will serve as the national director of African American political engagement for the RNC. Shannon Reeves, a professor of political science at Alabama A&M University, will serve as a senior adviser to the RNC’s political department, analyzing data to help the RNC identify black voters. Elroy Sailor, a former senior adviser to Rand Paul’s presidential campaign, will join the RNC as a senior adviser to the committee’s chair, Reince Priebus. In June, the RNC also appointed a Georgia State University senior to lead an effort to engage students at historically black colleges and universities.

The RNC’s reinvigorated minority outreach efforts follow the exodus of a number of minority staffers. In April, the RNC’s director of African American initiatives departed, and three other black outreach staffers have left the committee in the past year. The RNC’s director of Hispanic media relations left the committee in June after she was reportedly “uncomfortable” working with the Trump campaign.

The Trump campaign has also attempted to expand its minority outreach. Earlier this month, the campaign officially launched its black outreach efforts when it held a “Day of Endorsement” event at a black church in North Carolina. But the campaign has been inconsistent in its outreach, declining several invitations from civil rights and minority-led groups looking to speak with the candidate. Trump has promised that he will be the “law and order” candidate, and he met with the Fraternal Order of Police on the same day he was invited to speak to a group of black and Hispanic journalists.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0236974-d65fb515faa7167c65c88ae61df134cb.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000001725 00000000000 015272  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Organization Penny4NASA created this campaign to raise awareness that advancement of space exploration technology is not a waste of government funds. Last year NASA was under extreme pressure to slash costs, and with the fiscal cliff looming, talk has begun once again.

Penny4NASA aims to change the public perception of NASA's role in our society. Currently, federal funding of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration makes up a grand total of 0.48% of the annual budget. At $7 billion a year, that sounds like a lot until you take into account we spend around $10 billion A MONTH in Afghanistan. On top of that, all NASA patents go the U.S. Treasury, not back into the program — meaning for every $1 spent on space science, the government sees about $8 back.

All of this leads up to the mission of Penny4NASA. Its goal, instead of slashing NASA's already minuscule funding, is to raise it to a full 1% of the annual budget. If you'd like to help, visit its website!                                           0236929-24c40178c555dc219fe7e346ffb6f4a9.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011531 00000000000 015140  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Picture a chubby, blonde, blue-eyed 5-year-old spinning in circles in the living room. Wonder Woman is on TV, and that little girl is hoping for a flash of light as she spins. She desperately wants an invisible jet, the ability to talk to animals, and super strength. That hopeful 5-year-old was me, and Wonder Woman was my Princess Di. I was fascinated by her power.

Fast forward 20 years. The IT guy at my new job asks me if I’m into comic books. I immediately think of Wonder Woman, and I’m all, “Yeah, sure.” Soon thereafter, a stack of trade paperbacks — Gail Simone and Ed Benes’ entire Birds of Prey run — appears on my desk. This particular series is the best of the best, chock full of ass-kicking chicks, excellent writing and cheesecake. There is something wildly invigorating about seeing Black Canary drawn to physical perfection, talking cash shit, and serving some baddie his last knuckle sammich. SO. MUCH. FUN. A geek girl is born — or, perhaps, reborn.

Girls aren’t new to this comic book geek game, and the past decade has seen a surge in fangirldom and female creators. I give a lot of credit to my darling Gail Simone. Girls were reading and creating comics before she came along, but Simone changed the game 11 years ago with Women in Refrigerators. Simone (Gail to her fans) made a list of female characters who had been “killed, raped, depowered, crippled, turned evil, maimed, tortured, contracted a disease or had other life-derailing tragedies befall her.” It was a long list. For today’s hardcore fanboys and fangirls, the term Women in Refrigerators (WiR) is classic comics industry shorthand.

For those not yet fully initiated into the pantheon of fanboy/girl status, the term “Women in Refrigerators” is an ode to Green Lantern #54 (1994), written by Ron Marz, in which Kyle Rayner comes home to find that his girlfriend, Alex DeWitt, had been beaten, strangled and then her mutilated and contorted body was stuffed into the fridge by the villain Major Force.

Essentially, Gail’s list revealed the dirty little secret (at least to outsiders) of the comic book world: Misogyny. At the time, Gail was an aspiring writer and fangirl. Now, she’s the baddest mamma jamma at DC Comics. WiR started a long overdue dialogue, one that blew the doors wide open. But as necessary as that dialogue was and still is, it spawned a joyless, self-righteous monster of its own. Today, much of the fangirl fodder in the blogosphere is riddled with matriarchal tyranny and navel-gazing.

I respect WiR and all it’s glory, but I am so over it. As psychologist Carl Rogers put it, “When I accept myself just as I am, then I can change.” Yeah, it’s kinda Deepak Chopra, but there is a point: I accept that comics tend to portray female characters in a way that appeals to every straight guy’s inner 13-year-old. Sometimes, that means ridiculously large boobs (Power Girl) and teeny weeny costumes. Sometimes it takes a darker turn, and female characters are subjected to storylines that weaken or gratuitously humiliate them. It is indicative of the culture that we live in. Art is imitating life. That doesn’t make it OK. However, I’m annoyed by the knee-jerk bashing of expression, which does nothing to break the cycle. A better strategy? Spend your money on the books that do portray women in a more empowered light. The comic book industry is driven by dollars, just like everything else in this world.

Since discovering Birds of Prey, I’ve broadened my horizons beyond Spandex. But nothing compares to the rush of pure enjoyment I get from reading a story about fierce chicks delivering some super-powered justice. Here on Earth-One, the politics, the economy, the epidemic narcissism – It’s all a bit much. Comic books are an escapist fantasy of what I’d love to be — at least in an alternate universe where physics and law enforcement don’t apply. The fantasy is fun, and I’ve grown weary of the angsty fangirl crashing the party and railing at everyone. Lighten the fuck up! Humans like honey way mo’ better than vinegar, and politicians aren’t exactly flocking to Geoff Johns or Brian Michael Bendis for public policy advice. I’ve got plenty to say about the Star Sapphires’ bullshit stripper uniform (It’s just not functional in space), X-23 being a prostitute (She’s too young), and Black Canary’s plot device of a marriage to Green Arrow (I just threw up a little in my mouth), but those things don’t ruin an entire genre. How can you not be moved by the raw creativity – the combination of writing, illustration, inks and lettering?

The comic book world is one of passionate opinions, and being a part of it is more satisfying than I ever imagined. But I refuse to be ashamed of the comics I love, cheesecake and all. There’s power in that.

Vanessa G is a contributing writer for StimulatedBoredom.com and is the co-creator of Girls Gone Geek.                                                                                                                                                                       0236979-73ee527721e01c8ef8dabc11166dfe6f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007556 00000000000 015307  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Damiano Cunego has announced that he plans to retire after the 2018 Giro d'Italia, bringing the curtain down on a professional career that yielded victory in the race as a 22-year-old in 2004. Related Articles Damiano Cunego's SK De Rosa Pininfarina

Cunego fractures collarbone at the Vuelta a San Juan

Tour of Qinghai Lake: Cunego wins at Dadongshu Hill Puerto

Nippo Vini Fantini set 2018 season goals at Italian training camp - Gallery

Last orders for Cunego at Amstel Gold Race

Damiano Cunego's De Rosa Protos - Gallery

Cunego's Nippo-Vini Fantini team has still to secure a wildcard berth for next year's Giro – having failed to earn an invitation in 2017 – meaning that he might yet be denied a grand send-off at the corsa rosa. The 36-year-old confirmed to La Gazzetta dello Sport that, regardless of whether he makes it to the Giro, 2018 will be his final season in the peloton.

"The Giro d'Italia is the race that made me known, the race I won in 2004, and the race that made me happiest. I want to participate in it next year, finish it, and then say enough with racing," Cunego told La Gazzetta.

"With the passing of time, I note that cycling is being raced at an ever higher level, and I don't feel as competitive anymore. In short, the moment to stop is coming, and I'd like to do it at the Giro, where, in a certain sense, everything started."

Early success

Junior world champion on home roads in Verona in 1999, Cunego turned professional with Saeco in 2002 and quickly announced himself as Italian cycling’s most exciting new talent. He won the 2004 Giro after a tumultuous internecine struggle with teammate Gilberto Simoni, and capped a sparkling campaign by claiming the Tour of Lombardy.

Cunego would never scale such heights again in Grand Tours, although he was best young rider at the 2006 Tour de France and placed in the top ten of the Giro on three further occasions. His best spell in one-day races came at the end of the last decade, when he won two further editions of the Tour of Lombardy (2007 and 2008), Amstel Gold Race (2008) and claimed silver behind teammate Alessandro Ballan at the 2008 Worlds in Varese.

Cunego spent the bulk of his career in the Lampre set-up, placing 6th at the 2011 Tour, before dropping down to Pro Continental level with Nippo-Vini Fantini in 2015. Since joining the team, he has combined racing with studying sports science at the University of Verona. Cunego won the king of the mountains prize at the 2016 Giro, and this summer claimed his first victory in over four years when he won a stage of the Tour of Qinghai Lake.

"It wasn't a big race, but to win, you still have to be going strongly. I showed that I could still do it, and I repaid the trust of my teammates and the team," said Cunego, who added that he will remain a part of the Nippo-Vini Fantini team in retirement. "I'll be a guide for young riders, an ambassador, and not only that."

Wildcard

Although Cunego plans to bring the curtain down on his cycling career when the Giro reaches Rome for its final stage on May 27 next year, his Nippo-Vini Fantini team must still secure an invitation to the race.

RCS Sport will announce the route in Milan on November 29, with the wildcard invitations due to be revealed in early January. With the 2018 Giro set to start from Jerusalem, Israel Cycling Academy seems a certainty to claim one of the four places on offer, while Androni Giocattoli's victory in the season-long Coppa Italia standings has seemingly secured its ticket for the Giro.

Nippo-Vini Fantini will likely contend with Bardiani-CSF, Wilier, Gazprom-Rusvelo and CCC-Sprandi for the two remaining wildcard places.

Cunego said that he had no specific alternative final race in mind should Nippo-Vini Fantini fail to receive an invitation. "I haven't thought about it. Perhaps it could be in Japan. But for now, I only want to concentrate on this prospect of the Giro, and I hope it happens."                                                                                                                                                  0236970-e729fca76391b44723970edf997151af.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002505 00000000000 015006  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        In all the discussion of John McCain's recently recovered memory of a religious epiphany in Vietnam, one thing has been missing. The torture that was deployed against McCain emerges in all the various accounts. It involved sleep deprivation, the withholding of medical treatment, stress positions, long-time standing, and beating. Sound familiar?

According to the Bush administration's definition of torture, McCain was therefore not tortured.

Cheney denies that McCain was tortured; as does Bush. So do John Yoo and David Addington and George Tenet. In the one indisputably authentic version of the story of a Vietnamese guard showing compassion, McCain talks of the agony of long-time standing. A quarter century later, Don Rumsfeld was putting his signature to memos lengthening the agony of "long-time standing" that victims of Bush's torture regime would have to endure. These torture techniques are, according to the president of the United States, merely "enhanced interrogation."

No war crimes were committed against McCain. And the techniques used are, according to the president, tools to extract accurate information. And so the false confessions that McCain was forced to make were, according to the logic of the Bush administration, as accurate as the "intelligence" we have procured from "interrogating" terror suspects. Feel safer?                                                                                                                                                                                           0236987-e908e362fac61107e07defbd723d757c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005045 00000000000 015217  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Coordinates:

The Yuri A. Gagarin State Scientific Research-and-Testing Cosmonaut Training Center (GCTC; Russian: Центр подготовки космонавтов имени Ю. А. Гагарина)[2] is a Russian training facility responsible for training cosmonauts for their space missions. It is in Star City of Moscow Oblast, a name which may refer to the facility itself or to its grounds.[3]

Formation [ edit ]

The facility was originally known only as Military Unit 26266 or в/ч 26266, and was a secret training base for Soviet Cosmonaut candidates. The site was chosen for its proximity to Moscow and other infrastructure that would be essential for its function: Chkalovsky Airport, and the Yaroslavl railroad.[3] The densely forested area was originally a radar range with some existing infrastructure.[4]

Military physician Colonel Yevgeny Karpov was appointed as the first chief of the cosmonaut training centre or Tsentr Podgotovki Kosmonavtov (TsPK) on February 24, 1960.[3] The centre was home to approximately 250 personnel divided into various departments who were responsible for the development of all aspects of the space program ranging from equipment to the well being of the cosmonauts. These included specialists in heat exchange and hygiene, survival clothing, surgery, and training staff. Initially cosmonaut candidates were housed at the nearby Frunze Central Airfield (Moscow), followed by an apartment block in Chkalovsky before eventually moving to the newly built apartments on site where they would remain with their families throughout training.[3]

Civilian administration [ edit ]

Until April 2009 the center was owned and operated by the Ministry of Defence (Russia) in cooperation with Russian Federal Space Agency. On April 2009, Russia President Dmitry Medvedev signed a presidential decree transferring the center from the Defence Ministry to the Russian Federal Space Agency (Roskosmos).[5]

Key infrastructure [ edit ]

The facility contains infrastructure essential for the training of cosmonauts across a wide range of experiences, including simulating g-loads, mission specific/suit training, medical observation/testing and astronavigation.

Key GCTC facilities include:

Cosmonauts training with the Zarya training module in the neutral buoyancy pool of the GCTC

Mir training module

ISS training modules

Soyuz TMA training module

Mother of all centrifuges - Yuri Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Center

The mouth of the centrifuge at the Yuri Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Center in Star City

Heads of the TsPK [ edit ]

See also [ edit ]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           0236860-b81378826121c6308cec41c39a536010.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000026572 00000000000 014533  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The presence and intensity of red coloration correlate with male dominance and testosterone in a variety of animal species, and even artificial red stimuli can influence dominance interactions. In humans, red stimuli are perceived as more threatening and dominant than other colours, and wearing red increases the probability of winning sporting contests. We investigated whether red clothing biases the perception of aggression and dominance outside of competitive settings, and whether red influences decoding of emotional expressions. Participants rated digitally manipulated images of men for aggression and dominance and categorized the emotional state of these stimuli. Men were rated as more aggressive and more dominant when presented in red than when presented in either blue or grey. The effect on perceived aggression was found for male and female raters, but only male raters were sensitive to red as a signal of dominance. In a categorization test, images were significantly more often categorized as ‘angry’ when presented in the red condition, demonstrating that colour stimuli affect perceptions of emotions. This suggests that the colour red may be a cue used to predict propensity for dominance and aggression in human males.

1. Introduction

Red coloration is a sexually selected trait associated with dominance in many animal species (e.g. [1,2]) and appears to have similar associations in humans [3]. Skin redness in humans has been found to correlate with testosterone and fluctuates with emotional state, increasing with anger and decreasing with fear [4,5]. Red therefore appears to carry specific biological signals in both humans and other animals. Artificial stimuli may exploit these evolved responses to natural red signals. In birds, red leg bands enhance access to resources in male zebra finches [6], while rhesus macaques avoid red-wearing human experimenters [7]. In humans, several studies have shown that colour stimuli have similar effects on social perception [8,9] and behaviour such as the outcome of physical and virtual contests (see [10] for review). Being associated with or wearing red are also linked to higher heart rate, a greater pre-performance strength and higher testosterone levels [11,12]. These effects may be explained by psychological associations of red coloration with dominance and aggression that boost red-wearers' confidence and/or intimidate their opponents [13], although the effect may be restricted to males [14].

Targets presented in red are perceived as more aggressive, dominant, brave and also more likely to win a competition [15–17]. However, these experiments primed competitiveness or aggression in subjects by placing them in a competitive situation. To our knowledge, no study has yet investigated the effects of colour on social perceptions of dominance and aggressiveness in neutral settings. It is also unknown whether clothing colour influences attributions of emotional state: if colour is a cue to relative dominance in aggressive situations, red stimuli might be more likely to be categorized as angry. This study explores how digitally manipulated T-shirt colour influences rapid social judgements of character traits in strangers. We predicted that people presented in a red shirt would be rated as being more aggressive and more dominant and also perceived more often as ‘angry’ than when presented wearing blue or grey.

2. Material and methods

Stimuli were selected from two sources. Fourteen images of males were taken from a previously published set [18] and six additional images were selected from the Internet according to the criteria in that study. Clothing colour was first desaturated and luminance adjusted to mid-grey (producing the grey stimulus) using MicrografxPicturePublisher v. 10; the hue and saturation were then adjusted to produce the red and blue coloured stimuli (see the electronic supplementary material). Previous studies have not considered achromatic stimuli, and this study design thus allows a more robust assessment of how colour influences social perceptions.

Stimuli were presented under constant lighting conditions on a colour-calibrated computer screen. In a series of 60 randomly ordered trails, N = 100 participants (50 females and 50 males) were presented with images of 20 males wearing either a red, blue or grey shirt and two 7-point scales: aggression (ranging from 1, extremely aggressive to 7, extremely friendly) and dominance (1, extremely submissive to 7, extremely dominant)1; and a selection of emotional states (angry, happy, frightened or neutral). To facilitate data analysis, variables were coded so that high numbers represented high trait values (e.g. on the aggression scale, 7 = extremely aggressive, 1 = extremely friendly). Data were analysed using repeated-measures ANOVA with colour as a within-subjects variable. Greenhouse–Geisser correction was applied when sphericity could not be assumed (Mauchly's test for sphericity, p < 0.05).

While previous research on colour perception and its effects in competitive situations has shown that an effect of red colour is more likely to occur among men [14], we also investigated whether the rater's sex influenced perceptions in our non-competitive task.

3. Results

The analysis revealed a main effect of colour for aggression (F 1.747, 172.934 = 12.101, p < 0.001, ) and dominance (F 2,98 = 5.821, p = 0.004, ). Bonferroni pairwise comparisons showed that raters judged targets wearing red as more aggressive than when wearing blue (p = 0.005) and grey (p < 0.001), and also more dominant in red than grey (p = 0.003). There was a trend for participants to rate red targets as more dominant than blue targets (p = 0.063). By contrast, there were no significant differences between blue and grey targets on ratings of aggression (p = 0.519) or dominance (p = 0.704). Female participants rated red-wearing targets to be more aggressive than grey-wearing targets (p = 0.025), whereas male participants judged red-wearing targets to be more aggressive than targets wearing blue (p = 0.007) or grey (p = 0.003, figure 1). For ratings of dominance, colour did not influence female raters' perception, F 2,48 = 1.425, p = 0.251, = 0.056, but males' ratings were significantly influenced by colour, F 2,48 = 6.939, p = 0.002, = 0.224, with targets wearing red being rated more dominant than targets wearing blue (p = 0.010) and grey (p = 0.002). Ratings for targets wearing blue did not differ from those wearing grey (p > 0.999). Figure 1. Mean scores of women (a,c) and men (b,d) rating targets wearing three different colours for aggression (a,b) and dominance (c,d); *p ≤ 0.05, **p ≤ 0.01. Error bars indicate 95% CIs. (Online version in colour.)

Colour had a significant effect on how often a stimulus was categorized as ‘angry’ (Friedman's test χ² = 13.861, d.f. = 2, p = 0.001; figure 2) but not ‘happy’, ‘neutral’ or ‘frightened’ (all p > 0.25). Wilcoxon signed-rank tests for pairwise comparisons showed that a target presented in a red shirt was more often categorized as ‘angry’ than when presented in blue (Z = −2.685, p = 0.007) or grey (Z = −2.896, p = 0.004), but there was no difference between blue and grey (p = 0.203). Colour significantly affected the perceptions of anger in the stimuli both among female (χ² = 12.471, d.f. = 2, p = 0.002) and male raters (χ² = 10.812, d.f. = 2, p = 0.004). Figure 2. Percentage of stimuli categorized by each subject as ‘angry’ for three colour conditions, **p < 0.01. Error bars indicate 95% CIs. (Online version in colour.)

4. Discussion

We found that clothing colour biases the perception of aggression, dominance and anger in strangers, outside of competitive or achievements contexts. Men wearing red were rated as more aggressive and more dominant and were more often categorized as ‘angry’ than targets wearing grey or blue. Clothing colour did not influence female participants' perception of male dominance but did influence male participants' perceptions. Whether or not this sex difference reflects different biases in social perceptions requires further investigation. For example, the colour red distorts time perception in men but not in women [19], and wearing red enhanced the probability of winning combat sport bouts in male, but not female, athletes [13,14].

Participants categorized targets significantly more often as ‘angry’ when presented in the red condition. This indicates that colour influences the categorical judgement of emotional expression and, specifically, that red hue is associated with a bias towards angry judgements. Fetterman et al. [20] showed that priming anger concepts (versus sadness) led participants to be more likely to perceive the colour red. Taken together, these findings suggest a clear association between the colour red and perceptions of anger, possibly related to the role of facial reddening as a natural signal of anger [21].

While red images resulted in higher ratings for aggression and dominance, ratings for blue and grey images did not differ significantly. Hence, it seems to be specifically red that influences judgements of aggression and dominance. However, black has also been found to influence perception of aggression in athletes [22], and across cultures both black and red have been found to influence scoring of combat sport bouts [23]. In these studies, luminance and chroma were confounded, and it is known that these different dimensions have independent effects on social perceptions [16] and that skin darkness is sexually dimorphic and positively associated with testosterone [24]. Further work is needed to test for and separate out effects of hue and luminance and to determine whether there is an ‘optimal red’ related to biological signalling of traits such as aggressiveness and dominance.

An important area for further enquiry is the cross-cultural consistency versus variability in biasing effects of colour. Culture may reflect, reinforce or modify innate biases, or it might be responsible for establishing biases in the first place through arbitrary or coincidental associations. The latter would predict considerable variability in biases. Indeed, cultural variation in colour–emotion associations exist [25]. However, there is also considerable cross-cultural consistency in associations between red and physical dominance [23], anger [25] and danger [26]. An attentional bias towards red versus other colours is present from early infancy, consistent with the idea that innate predispositions may play a role in establishing colour associations [27]. The ontogeny of colour biases in social perceptions would be an interesting area for further study.

Ethics statement

This experimental protocol was approved by the Department of Anthropology Research Ethics sub-committee at Durham University (Wiedemann, March 2010). We obtained written consent from participants.

Data accessibility

An Excel file is included as electronic supplementary material.

Authors' contributions

D.W., D.M.B., R.A.H. and R.A.B. designed the study; D.M.B. developed the stimuli; D.W. ran the study and performed data analysis and interpretation with R.A.H., D.M.B. and R.A.B.; D.W, D.M.B, R.A.H and R.A.B wrote the manuscript; all authors approved the final version.

Conflict of interests

The authors declare no competing interests.

Footnotes

Endnote 1 We also asked participants to rate stimuli for perceived ‘trustworthiness’ and ‘confidence’. Electronic supplementary material, figure S3, presents findings for these two variables.                                                                                                                                      0236908-a025841cbcce0eff94f8d51a70cf7ff5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002712 00000000000 015424  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Image caption The PM said he shopped at a variety of different stores

David Cameron says he cannot see what all the fuss is about over Waitrose's policy of offering customers with a loyalty card free tea and coffee.

Labour has raised concerns about the supermarket's promotion, claiming it is hurting independent traders nearby.

But asked about the issue on a visit to Greater Manchester, the prime minister said he did not know what "people were complaining about".

Shoppers are entitled to the offer once they register for a My Waitrose card.

The offer has been popular but has been criticised by some existing customers who have suggested that it is attracting the "wrong type" of shopper to the store.

No card-carrier

The Office of Fair Trading was asked to investigate the offer last year amid concerns about its impact on other businesses but said it would not be taking any action.

The prime minister was asked about his shopping habits by a member of staff at Waitrose's parent company, John Lewis, during a visit to its store in Cheadle.

Mr Cameron said he shopped at the Waitrose store in his constituency in Witney, Oxfordshire, as well as other supermarkets in the area, and used home delivery in London.

"I don't collect the cards... otherwise I would have too many different cards," he added.

"I have spent money in your shops. I have not yet enjoyed the free coffee.... Honestly, what are people complaining about? What is wrong with a free cup of coffee?"                                                      0236901-3f9adadb5eff1311817b173c55197ed3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003721 00000000000 015173  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email

Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino watched England training on Monday ahead of the clash with Slovenia.

Gareth Southgate's side trained at Spurs' Enfield base as they prepare for their latest World Cup qualifier.

With the likes of Dele Alli, Eric Dier, Kyle Walker and Danny Rose in action, Pochettino was an interested spectator.

Alli joked he was expecting to hear from his club boss after missing a sitter during the win over Malta.

England were put through their paces ahead of their flight out to Ljubljana as they look to make it three wins out of three in qualifying.

(Image: Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley)

(Image: Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley)

(Image: Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley)

Jordan Pickford was in action with the Three Lions, having received a shock call-up after an injury to Tom Heaton.

Wayne Rooney , who faced criticism following the win over Malta, completed the session at Enfield.

The Three Lions skipper faces a battle for his shirt and some reports suggest he could be dropped for Tuesday night's clash.

(Image: Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley)

(Image: Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley)

(Image: Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley)

Speaking after the Wembley win, defender John Stones admitted he was shocked by the criticism towards Rooney.

"I thought Wayne was brilliant. He has been every time he has played for England," said Stones.

"He wears his heart on his sleeve and gives 110% and you can see that in every performance.

Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now

"I am a bit shocked that the booing happened.

"He is always up there and on form. The top players are always going to get the stick that gets piled on them because of the standards he sets."                                               0236971-71ded94b4c454227686d70a4b8ebe950.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007410 00000000000 015053  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        One of the greatest-ever collapses in the for-profit career college sector continued late Thursday night with a shutdown deal between Corinthian Colleges Inc. and the U.S. Department of Education that generally promises full reimbursement for eligible students.

Corinthian will have to stop enrolling students at schools it plans to close and it must disclose the status of each campus to current and prospective students, according to the agreement.

The company plans to sell 85 of its 97 U.S. schools. The remaining 12 will be closed. The list of schools to be sold and those to close was not released with the agreement.

Until last month, the company had withstood numerous investigations by federal agencies and states, including California, into allegations it falsified records and deceived prospective students to get them — and their federal grants and loans — in the door.

Corinthian’s luck ran out in June when the education department put a 21-day freeze on its federal student aid money, saying “the company failed to address concerns about its practices.”

Days later, the department agreed to release $16 million in exchange for a deal ensuring a shutdown that would minimize students’ disruption. The original deadline was Tuesday night.

The education department agreed to release another $35 million in federal student aid to the company to be used exclusively to help students complete their programs if they choose to do so after being fully informed of their options.

All spending will need to be approved by the department and an independent monitor will have access to all of the colleges’ records and transition plans.

The California-based career college giant owns Heald, Everest and WyoTech career colleges, which have 107 campuses in the United States and Canada and more than 70,000 students, about one-third of them in California.

The company has said it plans to sell all 12 of its Heald campuses, but it has yet to find any buyers. The agreement set a time limit to get that done.

The company is for-profit and publicly traded, but most of its revenue comes from federal student aid — $1.4 billion a year in taxpayer-funded grants and loans, according to the education department.

Its demise, though considered long overdue by consumer advocates and disenchanted former students, has implications for students and taxpayers.

Students at closed schools can have their federal loans discharged if they don’t complete their programs at another institution through a “teach-out” agreement arranged by Corinthian. Typically, credits from a for-profit institution won’t transfer to a community college or a university.

Those enrolled between June 22 and July 8 will be entitled to a full refund.

The department said it would closely watch how the company spends its last federal dollars.

“Corinthian will not use federal funding to pay dividends, legal settlements of lawsuits or investigations, or debt repayments,” it said. It also noted that “bonuses, severance payments, raises and retention agreements” must be reported to an independent monitor and are subject to the department’s approval.

Many students leave Corinthian and other expensive trade schools with an overwhelming debt load and poor job prospects. An analysis by this newspaper last fall showed former students at for-profit institutions — about 10 percent of all college students — accounted for half of all of the student-loan defaults in the Bay Area, suggesting they didn’t earn enough to make their debt payments.

“We have accepted an operating plan for Corinthian Colleges Inc. that will protect students’ futures and fulfill the Department’s responsibilities to taxpayers moving forward,” U.S. Education Under Secretary Ted Mitchell said.

Follow Katy Murphy at Twitter.com/katymurphy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0236980-382066b9b8fd98c8a6ed0ff538a5895e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000016602 00000000000 015164  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Mario Tama/Getty Images

Many Catholic parishes in Milwaukee that participate in student voucher programs rely almost entirely on those public funds to stay in operation, a new study from the National Bureau of Economic Research has found.

In a working paper published Monday, researchers from the NBER found that Catholic schools in the city that are enrolled in a voucher program on average get nearly $1 million annually from the taxpayer-funded program. Experts suggest the dependence could create massive conflicts of interest in the division between church and state across the US.

"The idea that public funding would provide an important, even dominant, source of support to congregations would have been unthinkable a few years ago," the authors wrote. "But this possibility has quickly become reality."

The rise of vouchers

School voucher programs have grown in popularity over the past several years, and they gained extra attention in recent months because of President Donald Trump's selection of Betsy DeVos, a vocal champion of vouchers, to be secretary of education.

Roughly 400,000 kids in 29 states receive school vouchers, according to the advocacy group EdChoice. The monetary amounts of those vouchers and the laws about which schools can take them vary by state — some programs have high scholarship caps and no restrictions on their use, while other programs are open to only kids with disabilities or those from low-income families.

In nearly all cases, the programs are designed to serve the same purpose: Parents who are dissatisfied with the public school in their area can use a voucher to pay tuition at a private or religious school with the hope of increasing their child's standard of learning.

Not much research exists, however, to confirm that's what actually happens. In certain programs— such as those in which only low-performing private schools accept vouchers — performance can actually go down.

A 'blurred, indistinct, and variable barrier'

In the US, roughly 80% of private schools have religious affiliations. Many of those are Catholic schools, which, in general, have experienced tremendous financial struggle for more than a decade. Since 2003, student enrollment in Catholic schools has fallen by more than 400,000 nationwide, and thousands of schools have been forced to merge or shut down.

Nevertheless, the most recent estimates suggest that 85% of schools accepting vouchers are religiously affiliated. (The total number of religious schools that accept vouchers is unknown.) NBER's new research suggests that if the Trump administration expands voucher programs, as both DeVos and Trump have said they intend to do, even more tax dollars could be funneled toward propping up Catholic schools — and by extension the parishes that run them.

Mark Dynarski, an education researcher who was not involved with the NBER study, says that dependence creates a dangerous conflict of interest for the church. "Now you would have the Catholic dioceses arguing on behalf of vouchers, because it's now become intrinsic to their business operations" regardless of whether they actually help students, he tells Business Insider. "And that just seems a little strange to me."

REUTERS/Toby Melville Whether the US Constitution allows public funds to subsidize Catholic schools is open to interpretation.

In 1971, the Supreme Court ruled in Lemon v. Kurtzman that the separation of church and state is not a wall, as Thomas Jefferson envisioned it, but rather a "blurred, indistinct, and variable barrier depending on all the circumstances of a particular relationship," as Warren Burger, the chief justice at the time, wrote in the decision.

The court thus created the three-pronged "Lemon test" to determine when a law or program violates the church-state separation. A policy is considered acceptable if it was created with a nonreligious purpose, does not advance or inhibit a given religion, and doesn't lead to an "excessive entanglement" of government with religion.

Skeptics of vouchers have argued that though the program wasn't specifically designed to help religious schools, the growing dependence of Catholic schools on taxpayer-funded vouchers may not pass the other two parts of the test. The latest study, however, offers a more complicated picture of vouchers' effects.

'It's sort of the worst possible story'

The authors of the NBER report — Daniel Hungerman of Notre Dame University, Kevin Rinz of the Census Bureau, and Jay Frymark of St. Joseph Parish in Grafton, Wisconsin — analyzed funding data among 71 Catholic parishes in Milwaukee from 1999 to 2013. Milwaukee's voucher program is one of the largest in the US, and so it made for a rich experiment in long-term trends.

The data includes each parish's church revenue and expenses, school voucher revenue, noneducational revenue and expenses, and money raised from offerings. "We can thus see how increased voucher revenue affects school finances and non-educational church finances," the authors wrote.

Pope Francis arriving to attend the opening of a meeting of Rome's diocese in Saint John Lateran basilica in Rome. Thomson Reuters The findings indicate that voucher programs, as expected, increased funding for a parish's schools. In fact, for the average church that runs a voucher-accepting school, public funding provides more revenue than any other source, Hungerman noted.

The report also found that income from vouchers prevented school closings and mergers — by and large, Catholic schools received enough public funding to offset falling revenue from offerings and other donations.

The added money gained from vouchers did not, however, lead parishes to raise staff salaries, finance mission support, or fund church maintenance. In fact, the researchers found that spending on noneducational activities, as well as revenue from donations, went down in parishes that began accepting vouchers. (The researchers say they could not determine why this occurred.)

The study notes that while vouchers are clearly propping up Catholic schools, it's hard to tell whether the revenue strengthens the Catholic Church overall. If "one characterizes religion by the prevalence of churches," then they do; but if strength is defined by how much activity is happening within churches, then vouchers may not have an effect on the larger institution.

Dynarski looks at the trend as a negative either way.

"It's sort of the worst possible story that private Catholic schools are basically becoming dependent on vouchers and that it's not even causing a greater degree of interest in that religion," he says. "It starts to sound more and more like a business transaction at that level."

Enormous implications

Hungerman acknowledges that the results in the study don't necessarily apply to every Catholic parish. For instance, he says the design of a given voucher program can influence how the vouchers affect a school's finances. "But it does mean that the implications of vouchers for churches could be enormous in communities everywhere," he tells Business Insider.

The study draws an unprecedented link between local education policy — in this case, voucher programs — and the role these policies can play in preserving religious institutions. For the researchers, the data illuminates "a potentially critical role for vouchers in determining the future of American religion."

Dynarski takes an even stronger stance.

"The reason to have a kid use a voucher," he says, "is not to keep the Church afloat."                                                                                                                              0236876-6f8ae12782bbfaca1c1343a7ead52c36.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002561 00000000000 015327  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The completed model is approximately 20 x 20 cm (7¾" x 7¾"). This picture shows the uncolored prototype (some details that are involved in the final kit (at the head and the cockpit) are missing), and a small preview of the printing sheets. Unfortunately my cat destroyed the final and colored version I built before I could have taken pictures...

The kit contains 4 sheets in the format DIN A4 (210 x 297 mm) plus 4 additional sheets for the instruction. The colors are taken from the vector-version, which means red outlines with black body.

For the best fit of the parts it is recommended to glue them edge to edge - that is the reason why NO gluing tabs are drawn on the sheets. The sheets should be printed on thick card for that purpose. If you prefer working with gluing tabs you must make them on your own, what can be done easily because there is enough blank space between the parts.

One little warning: The kit is an ink-killer because of the massive black areas! As an alternative to print the model on your own i can offer to sell high-quality offset printed ones on request which I produced in a small number. Send me an eMail if you are interested in such a print.

Click here to dowload the full color version (Acrobat PDF format)

Click here to dowload the un-colored version (Acrobat PDF format)

Click here to dowload a base designed for this model (Acrobat PDF format)                                                                                                                                               0236922-c1c69ca0ff6de80ad62aa80b7e14d96a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010230 00000000000 015401  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Orla Guerin reports from Tahrir Square where protests have been taking place

Egyptian police have used tear gas to disperse protesters angry that charges against ex-President Hosni Mubarak over killings during the uprising three years ago have been dropped.

About 2,000 people massed in Cairo's Tahrir Square, the birthplace of the 2011 revolution. At least one person was reported killed in the clashes.

Mubarak was originally sentenced to life in jail then cleared in a retrial.

In a TV interview after the ruling, Mubarak said he did "nothing wrong".

The former president, 86, is serving a separate three-year sentence for embezzlement of public funds.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Judge Mahmoud Kamel al-Rashidi: "The court dismisses criminal charges''

At the scene: BBC's Orla Guerin in Cairo

In a rare and risky act of defiance, crowds gathered close to Tahrir Square. It was a relatively small protest, but hugely symbolic. Both liberals and Islamists called for freedom. For some it felt - briefly - like an echo of the revolution.

The security forces moved in after a few hours, causing mayhem with tear gas. We heard the crackle of live ammunition in the night air.

What happens next is a critical test for Egypt. Will the protesters try to regroup - in spite of a law banning unauthorised demonstrations? Or will the authorities manage to stamp out this this latest eruption of dissent, as they have crushed others?

Egypt's revolution: Interactive map

Mixed reactions as Mubarak case dropped

He is currently being held in a military hospital, and is expected to serve at least a few more months of this sentence.

Mubarak, his former Interior Minister Habib al-Adly and six others had been convicted of conspiracy to kill and were sentenced to life in prison in June 2012, but a retrial was ordered last year on a technicality.

In all, some 800 people are thought to have been killed as security forces battled protesters in the weeks before Mubarak resigned on 11 February 2011.

Image copyright EPA Image caption Both liberals and Muslim Brotherhood supporters joined the protest in Tahrir Square

Image copyright AP Image caption The court decision provoked an angry reaction from Mubarak's opponents

Image copyright EPA Image caption Mubarak waves as he is wheeled out of the court after the ruling

Image copyright Reuters Image caption One Mubarak supporter wore a T-shirt of the deposed leader

Image copyright AP Image caption Amal Shaker with a photo of her late son Ahmed, who died in the uprising: "Youth that were like flowers were killed"

'No justice'

Within hours of the court's decision, demonstrators arrived on Tahrir Square.

Liberal opponents of Mubarak were joined by supporters of the banned Muslim Brotherhood.

Shortly after the arrival of the Islamists, police used water cannon and tear gas, driving the protesters into side streets.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The courtroom erupted in cheers as the judge dismissed the case

Relatives of those killed in 2011 reacted with anger to the court's handling of the case.

"There is no justice for the poor," said Ramadan Ahmed, who lost his son Mohammed in Alexandria during the unrest. "This is Mubarak's law."

But Mubarak supporters outside the court cheered the decision.

Mubarak's lawyer, Farid al-Deeb, told AFP news agency it was a "good ruling that proved the integrity of Mubarak's era".

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mubarak told a journalist from a privately owned TV station: "I felt I did nothing wrong"

The former president gave an interview by phone to private Sada al-Balad TV after he was cleared.

"I did nothing wrong at all," he said, adding that he had been "relying on God" while he awaited the decision.

Mubarak's elected successor, President Mohammed Morsi, lasted only a year in power before being ousted by the military in July 2013 during mass anti-government protests.

Army chief Abdul Fattah al-Sisi was subsequently elected in his place and under his rule, TV stations and newspapers have largely dropped criticism of the Mubarak era, correspondents say.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0236983-4c3a683e79f4635f2e4c02373e745b53.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000015401 00000000000 014715  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        

A migrant man arrives on a beach in Greece after making his way from Turkey. (Dan Kitwood/Getty Images)

Jared Bernstein, a former chief economist to Vice President Joe Biden, is a senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities and author of 'The Reconnection Agenda: Reuniting Growth and Prosperity'.

The horrific story of deaths in the European migrant crisis grows out of oppressive — even murderous — governments in war-ravaged countries on one hand, and an inability of governments in destination countries to organize legal procedures to deal with the crisis on the other.

Brazil appears to have entered recession, with high unemployment and high inflation, driven by a corruption scandal in their state-owned oil company, falling global commodity prices and the slowing of foreign markets, notably China, for Brazilians exports.

Speaking of China, the recent turmoil in global financial markets was partly triggered by the bursting of a Chinese stock market bubble, one the authorities there didn’t just allow to inflate; they facilitated it.

From the beginning of 2014 until this June, the Shanghai Composite Index rose about 150 percent, over a period when the Chinese economy was decelerating (there’s the economy and there’s the stock market — they’re not the same). The market was clearly overvalued, propped up by debt-laden over-investment, relaxed rules on margin requirements, and government propaganda. As reported by the Financial Times, this year’s econ graduates from Tsinghua University are instructed to “…shout loudly the slogan, ‘revive the A shares, benefit the people; revive the A shares, benefit the people’.”

Meanwhile, European economic policy makers have doggedly pursued austerity — fiscal contraction while private demand remains weak — leading to anemic growth and high unemployment, currently 13 percent in the euro zone (excluding Germany).

The U.S. economy remains solidly on track, yet despite the lack of inflationary pressures, our central bank appears intent on raising interest rates, a move with the potential to both slow growth and exacerbate a problem intimately related to developments abroad: the appreciation of the dollar and the growth of our trade deficit.

All of these stories serve as a stark reminder that globalization is a double-edged sword. Our increased interconnectedness has clear upsides in terms of the increased supply of goods, services, opportunities for emerging economies to grow more quickly, and, at least in theory, human mobility, both in geographic and economic terms.

But it also raises threats, both existential and economic. Many economies got a strong dose of the economic lesson toward the end of the last decade, when real estate and financial market bubbles set off a recession from which many economies, including our own, have yet to fully recover.

Any yet, policy officials continue to make bad decisions (one of which is inaction), seemingly more so than usual, and not just in China. That would be bad enough in a disconnected world; in an interconnected one, where mistakes reverberate across the globe, it’s worse.

Why would the Chinese government inflate an equity bubble? For one, it was a way to improve the highly-leveraged balance sheets — to lower their debt-to-equity ratios — of state-owned companies. Second, the Chinese government wrongly believed it could manage the correction. Third, it was a way to paper over the slowdown in the real economy. Chinese growth numbers are notoriously shaky, but economic growth there appears to have slowed by half in recent years, from around 10 to 5 percent per year.

Here, the interconnectedness gets close to home in a more lasting way, as opposed to daily market swings. While most recently, Chinese exports are down—another reason their growth has slowed — for years, we’ve run large trade deficits with China. In 2014, we bought $343 billion (2 percent of our gross domestic product) more from them than they bought from us.

That imbalance is partly a function of Chinese currency management: In various periods (not lately), they’ve suppressed the value of their currency, the yuan, relative to the dollar to lower the cost of their exports to us and raise the cost of our imports to them (earlier this month they devalued the yuan by 3 percent).

As the U.S. economy is outperforming most others, the dollar is already appreciating in foreign markets, up 16 percent over the past year against a broad index of other currencies and that has cost us in terms of exports. Our growing trade deficit has already shaved about half-a-point off of GDP growth over this period and that trend is likely to deepen. In turn, that has slowed job growth in our factory sector. So far this year, U.S. factories have added 50,000 jobs. Over the comparable period last year, they added twice that many.

Germany, for the record, plays the same game, taking advantage of an undervalued currency to build trade surpluses at the expense of peripheral countries in the euro zone. In doing so, they’ve imported labor demand from abroad, one reason why unemployment there, at 4.7 percent, well under half that of the rest of the euro zone. At the same time, European economic power brokers of have long imposed austerity on economies that needed fiscal support, while deepening the suffering of the Greeks by refusing to recognize their insolvency.

Though they claim to be “data driven,” our Federal Reserve may soon buck the data, which is showing little in the way of price or wage pressures, and raise rates (China and the market turmoil may push back their liftoff date). Note that this move will exacerbate the dollar-appreciation problem, adding to the drag from the trade deficit.

Whether it’s retail investors in China, the unemployed in Greece and Spain, factory workers in our rust belt, or the many who’ve yet to benefit from recoveries here and abroad, these mistakes are costly. In much more serious cases, they are deadly. We simply must develop a better understanding of the implications of our interconnectedness.

To be clear, none of this is easy. Especially in tough economic times, countries cannot handily absorb hundreds of thousands of migrants. Many German citizens don’t want to bail out Greece. Recent dollar appreciation is not due to currency manipulation, but to relative growth rates.

But managing globalization means assiduously avoiding mistakes like premature fiscal balance, inflating financial markets and corporate accounts, misappropriating public capital, or managing currencies to build large trade surpluses. And, of course, inaction in the face of a migrant crisis.

Instead, it calls for strong market and government oversight, while investing in the people, jobs, and incomes of the vast majority who should be the beneficiaries, not the victims, of globalization.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               0236946-5b5939d52f40b64ac06ec54a63e86c38.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003111 00000000000 015044  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Publix Super Markets



After months of speculation, Publix Super Markets has announced that it will be the new occupant of a much-coveted block just across from the Morean Arts Center, perfectly situated to feed hungry hipsters and future condo dwellers.

For years, that prime piece of real estate on Central Avenue between Seventh and Eighth streets served as a parking lot for an office building. Now it'll be home to downtown St. Pete's second Publix, the first being south of Central near USF St. Petersburg's campus.

"It's very exciting to be part of a vibrant downtown area which continues to grow as a popular destination," said Brian West, a spokesman for the grocery giant, in a written statement. "We're really looking forward to opening the doors of this new addition to downtown St. Petersburg and serving the needs of our customers."

For St. Pete Mayor Rick Kriseman, the new site is another sign of the city's development.

"We are pleased to have Publix opening a new location soon in downtown St. Petersburg," he said in a press release. "The Sunshine City continues to grow in new and exciting ways, and I am glad Publix recognizes the opportunities in our city and wants to be a part of that growth. This investment makes downtown even a better place to live, work and play. On behalf of the citizens of the City of St Petersburg, we welcome Publix."

The new store, currently under construction, will comprise 28,000 square feet and include three levels of parking above the store.

We advise the managers to stock at least double the Pabst Blue Ribbon and Ballatore they normally do.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236850-31e0e0a9aa36e874360f8dfaa952f9ef.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010730 00000000000 015263  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Australian Energy Regulator says network models need to be changed to allow great access for customers to participate in the market. If barriers remain, it warns that pro-sumers – those generating and storing their own energy – will “walk away” from the grid.

The Australian Energy Regulator says the energy market faces a revolution in coming years from the rise of the “prosumer” – customers with the ability to generate and store their own electricity.

And it warns that unless models are changed to allow these prosumers to fully participate in the market, and if networks continue to impose barriers, then many consumers will simply walk away from the grid, with disastrous consequences for others.

“The electricity industry certainly is changing. In fact it is not much of a stretch to say that the next couple of decades will witness something of a revolution in the way small customers interact with the electricity industry,” Michelle Groves, the chief executive of the AER, said in a speech earlier this week.

“In the future there will be more scope for even the smallest energy users to become active participants in the energy market.”

But Groves added it was important for the network businesses to embrace the changes underway in the energy sector. “If the networks attempt to create barriers to new, competing technologies by limiting access to their ‘platform’, there is a risk that a significant number of consumers will ‘walk away’ from the network.

“This would have major consequences for many consumers and for the efficient operation of energy markets. The hope is that network businesses re-define the services they provide to adapt to the new market, which will benefit end-users and transform the industry.”

The speech by Groves is important because regulators in Australia – both federal and state-based – have been accused of acting mostly in the interests of the incumbent, and often state owned, utilities. Nigel Morris outlines ways in which utilities have acted against solar here. And consumers and installers are responding with their own guerrilla tactics.

But there is now growing recognition of the power of these new technologies, and their ability to deliver cheaper services than those delivered only by centralised generation through costly networks. That, in turn, has underpinned predictions of a massive change in the way the markets operate.

The CSIRO Future Grid scenarios predicted half of all electricity would be produced – and stored – on site. But if the networks did not adapt, then up to one third of consumers could leave the grid – with serious social consequences. As RenewEconomy has highlighted, and again yesterday, some consumers and installers are finding ingenious ways to work around the tariff structures imposed by utilities to dissuade the use of solar.

Groves’ speech is the first to recognise that this is a primary concerns, and not use the regulatory platform to try and demonise these technologies.

Groves says the changes are being driven not just by the availability of cheaper technologies such as solar and batteries, but also improvements in IT and communications.

This means that prosumers can switch from net consumption from the grid to net production.

“We have seen over a million households install roof-top solar PV in the last few years,” she says.

“Further, customer investment in smart appliances and battery storage could substantially shift the amount customers withdraw from or inject into the network from one moment to the next.”

Far from being a drag on network investment and a burden on other consumers – as solar households are often painted by conservative politicians, Groves says prosumers will increase the resilience of networks, increase their use (presumably through charging electric vehicles), and help increase choice around consumption and production.

Groves said that ideally, ‘prosumers’ would be willing and able to directly or indirectly respond to local market conditions, so that they make efficient decisions as to the best time to use their electric appliances, charge and discharge their electric vehicles or have knowledge of their local conditions inform their investment decisions.

“Perhaps the most significant benefit from increasing the integration of small customers into the electricity market is that it will lead to a range of new services. In fact, it may mean a host of yet unknown services that will deliver real value to consumers and society more generally.”                                        0236874-0e2be76190ff5a6067497d3dbb70fad1.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000013403 00000000000 015201  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.

July 22, 2013, 10:40 PM GMT By Herb Weisbaum

The Consumer Federation of America blasted insurance companies that use education and occupation to set rates for auto coverage, calling it an “unfair and discriminatory” way to price their policies.

Based on its analysis of the country’s top 10 insurance companies, CFA found price quotes that were as much as 40 percent higher for drivers with less education and lower-job status.

“Lower - and moderate-income people should not be required to pay more, based on factors like education and occupation that have nothing at all to do with driving risk,” said J. Robert Hunter, CFA’s director of insurance. “These higher premiums are an important reason why many low and moderate income Americans drive uninsured.”

CFA went online to get price quotes for two hypothetical customers: a factory worker with a high school diploma and a plant supervisor with a college degree.

Both were the same in every other way: a 30-year old single woman who rents in a moderate-income neighborhood, drives a 2003 Honda Civic, had no accidents or moving violations in the last 10 years and who went without insurance coverage for the past 15 days.

The price-shopping took place in May and June with attempts to get quotes from the 10 largest insurance companies for the minimum required liability coverage in 10 major urban areas: Atlanta, Louisville, Chicago, Houston, Denver, Phoenix, Oakland, Seattle, Baltimore and Hartford.

CFA found that five of the companies – American Family, Farmers, GEICO, Liberty Mutual and Progressive – apparently consider education and occupation when setting rates:

The GEICO quote for the factory worker with only a high school education was significantly higher than the plant supervisor with a college degree: 45 percent more per year in Seattle ($870 vs. $599), 40% percent more in Hartford ($1,299 vs. $926), 33 percent more in Oakland ($922 vs. $693), 23 percent more in Louisville ($2,200 vs. $1,791), 21 percent more in Chicago ($1,013 vs. $840), and 20 percent more in Baltimore ($1,971 vs. $1,647).

Progressive also quoted higher annual premiums for the factory worker: 33 percent more in Baltimore ($1,818 vs. $1,362), 14 percent more in Houston ($1,406 vs. $1,236), 9 percent more in Louisville ($2,390 vs. $2,185), 9 percent more in Denver ($995 vs. $911) and 8 percent more in Oakland ($736 vs. $684).

Liberty Mutual’s website would not even provide a rate quote for a high school graduate in five cities – Atlanta, Louisville, Chicago, Denver, and Seattle – but it would give a quote for a college graduate.

“Auto insurers charge high premiums for minimal coverage to most working people, even those with perfect driving records,” said Stephen Brobeck, CFA’s executive director. “Many lower-income workers are faced with the choice of paying these high, and often unaffordable rates, or breaking the law by driving without insurance.”

CFA estimates that one-quarter to one-third of drivers with household incomes of less than $36,000 are uninsured.

GEICO would not comment on the report, referring us to the Insurance Information Institute, an industry trade group. Liberty Mutual did not respond to a request for comment. Progressive e-mailed a statement.

“We work to price each driver’s policy as accurately as possible using multiple rating factors, which sometimes include non-driving factors that have been proven to be predictive of a person’s likelihood of being involved in a crash,” spokesman Jeff Sibel said.

The Insurance Information Institute posted a response to the CFA study on its website which included a statement from institute president Robert Hartwig:

“No matter their station in life, dozens of auto insurers are competing for the business of every driver who resides in the cities the CFA surveyed for its report. These market forces have created a favorable situation for the nation’s drivers when considering what they’ve had to pay for other products and services essential to their daily lives.”

The institute said drivers who believe their current auto insurer is not meeting their needs, or charging too high a price, should shop around.

“Changing underwriting and rating factors that have been shown to project an insurer’s future claims payouts accurately will only distort prices and result in good drivers subsidizing riskier ones,” Hartwig said in his statement.

The Consumer Federation of America believes insurance companies should only be allowed to consider factors that are clearly related to risk, such as moving violations, accidents and miles driven.

(Read more: 'Good drivers' often pay more for insurance, study finds)

At a news conference on Monday, CFA’s Robert Hunter, a former Texas Insurance Commissioner, said education and occupation are used by some insurance companies to determine income and race.

“In effect, auto insurers are discriminating on the basis of income and race,” he said. “The use of discriminatory factors used by insurers would not be tolerated if used by creditors,” Hunter said. “Yet, one could argue that credit is the more necessary product because it is required of drivers in all states but New Hampshire.”

CFA commended the companies that do not appear to use occupation and education for setting rates: Allstate, Nationwide, State Farm, Travelers, and USAA. And it called on state lawmakers and insurance regulators across the country to ban the use of these demographic factors for setting insurance prices.

“We need to end this obvious unfairness and discriminatory treatment,” Brobeck said.

More info:

Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow him on Facebook and Twitteror visit The ConsumerMan website.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0236008-6824416a771a585ceffb0cf1eb289cd8.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005043 00000000000 015202  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Attorney General Eric Holder announced Saturday that the federal government would recognize the marriages of same-sex couples in six additional states - Alaska, Arizona, Idaho, North Carolina, West Virginia, and Wyoming - bringing the total number of states in which same-sex marriages are federally recognized to 32, plus the District of Columbia.

The announcement means that gay couples married in those states can now qualify for a variety of federal benefits, including Social Security and veterans' benefits. Holder made a similar announcement last week with respect to seven other states.

SCOTUS turns away same-sex marriage cases

"With each new state where same-sex marriages are legally recognized, our nation moves closer to achieving of full equality for all Americans," the attorney general said in a statement. "We are acting as quickly as possible with agencies throughout the government to ensure that same-sex married couples in these states receive the fullest array of benefits allowable under federal law."

The announcement comes after the Supreme Court decided earlier this month to decline to hear any cases involving same-sex marriage, allowing lower court rulings in favor of marriage equality to stand. The decision effectively cleared the way for same-sex marriages in eleven states.

In addition, Holder announced on Saturday that the Justice Department has determined it can recognize marriages performed in Indiana and Wisconsin this past June. Those marriages were performed after federal district courts struck down the states' bans on same-sex marriage, but the status of those marriages was thrown into confusion when officials in those states quickly asked the courts to stay their decision pending an appeal. With Holder's announcement on Saturday, the federal government acknowledged that it would recognize any same-sex marriages performed in those states after the bans were struck down.

It's been a heady few years for proponents of same-sex marriage. In 2013, the Supreme Court struck down the Defense of Marriage Act, which defined marriage at the federal level in exclusively heterosexual terms. And though the Supreme Court's decision to not hear any same-sex marriage cases disappointed some advocates who hoped the justices would seize the opportunity to legalize same-sex marriage nationwide, others viewed the relatively quiet extension of marriage rights as a victory.

In a CBS News poll released earlier this year, 56 percent of Americans spoke in favor of legalizing same-sex marriage. In the spring of 2012, that number was only 42 percent.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0236873-92565d6ed77796604e66fbc9933bdb1d.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007007 00000000000 015100  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Many people falsely believe that feminism is specifically for women, but equal rights can benefit everyone. Men’s rights activists have risen to more prominence in the last few years and the thing that bothers me most about them is that they are fighting for the same equalities as women. Most men’s rights complaints can be completely resolved by feminism; specifically, societal expectations, parental rights, domestic violence and rape.

Gender roles in society often hurt men as much as women, especially emotionally. Female attributes are often considered negative and used as insults for men. This negativity prohibits men from being able to express emotion or show any form of weakness just because it is considered “feminine.”

We cannot allow one gender to grow up completely repressing their feelings. Phrases such as “you throw like a girl” and “don’t be a pussy” are detrimental to young girls and boys alike. These sayings teach boys that they always have to be strong and teach girls that they are not as valuable as boys. Men should be free to express their emotions as readily as women and make decisions in their life based on what they want rather than on others’ expectations of them.

Women have long fought the idea that they need to stay home and raise a family. But now men are beginning leave traditional jobs to be a stay at home parent. Because of the perception of parenthood as a woman’s job, men often face judgement for their choice. Fathers should have the option to be just as involved in their child’s life as the child’s mother.

Additionally, since parenting is thought of as a woman’s role, it is much harder for men to win custody of their children, even if the child’s mother is unfit. The court system in the United States is biased against fathers because child rearing is not their job. Men should be the breadwinner, while women should be focusing on cooking and cleaning.

By dissociating the burden of raising a child from the mother, we can allow both men and women to choose the life they want. The perception that men always want one thing and women always want another can be harmful in more than one way.

Domestic violence incidents and rapes committed against men are grossly under-reported. Because men are considered so much stronger than women, people believe that a woman cannot sexually or physically abuse a man. Not only is this idea untrue, but it prevents men from coming forward and speaking about the abuse they have suffered.

People sometimes laugh at and ridicule male survivors of domestic abuse rather than providing them with the support they need. This problem also applies strongly to rape. Rapes committed against men are not uncommon, but they are under-reported. The main reason for this is the idea that men always want sex and women don’t and the fact that men tend to be stronger than women.

If a man gets raped he could be told “he’s lucky” for getting laid or that it is not rape if he enjoyed it. No matter whether it’s a man or a woman in the particular scenario, consent is always necessary. As a society we need to allow and encourage men who have survived domestic abuse or sexual assault to come forward and tell their stories because it does not make them any less of a man.

The equality of men and women does not solely benefit women. By dissociating negativity from being feminine we can allow both men and women to progress. Men’s rights are about allowing me to live the way they want contrary to perceptions that it makes them any less human to be feminine.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0236975-bcf4f7127395500b86a977036ee56834.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011366 00000000000 014652  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A case recently filed in federal court accuses Donald Trump of sexual assault, battery and a number of other offences against a 13-year-old girl.

On June 20th of this year, the filing brought forward by 'Jane Doe' names Donald Trump and American financier Jeffrey Epstein as having committed rape, criminal sexual acts, sexual abuse, sexual misconduct, forcible touching, assault, battery and false imprisonment.

Four separate attacks

The filing claims that Trump raped the then 13-year-old girl in 1994 on four separate occasions. It also states that when the plaintiff tried to stop the assault on the fourth occasion, Trump struck her.

The plaintiff also alleges that Trump said another 12-year-old girl called 'Maria' had complained about the assaults, and soon after she 'disappeared'.

While this case is filed anonymously from New York, a similar case was filed in California on April 26th of this year by a woman called Katie Johnson.

Johnson made the original filing without the help of a lawyer and it was eventually dismissed because of procedural errors with paperwork.

The new filing contains a reference to the original attempt as part of the plaintiff's request for a protective order:

As well as Trump, the plaintiff claims she was raped by Jeffrey Epstein, an American financier who has previously served time in prison for soliciting prostitution from girls as young as 14-years-old.

Epstein is also currently registered as a Level 3 sex offender in the state of New York, which the state defines as “high risk of repeat offence and a threat to public safety.”

Following an undercover operation by the FBI in 2005, the high profile businessman was found to have had a network of young women recruiting teenage girls to give him massages and have sex with him.

Witness statement

The new filing features a sworn statement from one of Epstein's 'recruiters'. 'Tiffany Doe' claims to have been employed by Epstein between 1991 and 2000. The woman states that her job was to procure young girls for the businessman and this is how she met 'Jane Doe' in New York's Port Authority bus station.

In her witness statement, 'Tiffany Doe' states: "I am coming forward to swear to the truthfulness of the physical and sexual abuse that I personally witnessed of minor females at the hands of Mr. Trump and Mr. Epstein... I swear to these facts under the penalty for perjury even though I fully understand that the life of myself and my family is now in grave danger."

“I personally witnessed the Plaintiff being forced to perform various sexual acts with Donald J Trump and Mr Epstein... Both Mr Trump and Mr Epstein were advised that she was 13-years-old... I personally witnessed four sexual encounters that the Plaintiff was forced to have with Mr Trump during this period, including the fourth of these encounters where Mr Trump forcibly raped her despite her pleas to stop.”

Despite Epstein's past, Trump has spoken openly about the pair's friendship. In a 2014 interview with New York Magazine, he said:

"I've known Jeff for fifteen years. Terrific guy. He's a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about it — Jeffrey enjoys his social life."

Why we shouldn't ignore this case

Thomas Francis Meagher, the lawyer representing 'Jane Doe', spoke to Newstalk and stated that he "fully believes in his client, or [he] would not have gone forward with the case."

In an article on the Huffington Post, legal analyst for NBC News Lisa Bloom compared the almost total media disinterest on the filing to another recent case:

"If the Bill Cosby case has taught us anything, it is to not disregard rape cases against famous men. Serious journalists have publicly apologized for turning a blind eye to the Cosby accusers for over a decade, notwithstanding the large number of women who had come forward with credible claims. And now history is repeating itself."

Meagher, who is a managing partner of Meagher Emanuel Laks Goldberg & Liao, LLP, also stated that he is representing his client outside of his firm so as "not to distract from the work they are doing there", but also wished to let it be known that he is currently seeking out co-council on the case.

Statute of limitations

Due to New York law, the statute of limitations on any child sex offence runs out five years after the plaintiff turns 18, which means 'Jane Doe' - currently in her thirties - cannot file against Trump and Epstein in criminal court, which has resulted in the case being filed in civil court.

Newstalk has reached out for comment to Donald Trump's press office, as well as Michael Cohen, the legal representation for Trump and The Trump Organisation, but have yet to receive an official comment, and will update upon receipt of a response.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0236972-407f5a6ee8b30ef792a8077652866449.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003066 00000000000 014656  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Little Witch Academia: The Witch of Time and the Seven Wonders adds playable Lotte and Sucy

Post-launch downloadable content also under consideration.

The latest issue of Dengeki PlayStation has new details on Little Witch Academia: The Witch of Time and the Seven Wonders, Bandai Namco’s recently announced PlayStation 4 game based on the popular anime.

Little Witch Academia: The Witch of Time and the Seven Wonders is a side-scrolling action game in which players control Akko and friends, and overcome enemies and obstacles while clearing stages. Stages feature switches that open hidden doors, treasure chests, traps, and more.

Screenshots in the magazine outline the following controls:

Circle: Light Attack

Triangle: Heavy Attack

Square: Fire Ball

X: Jump

L1: Guard

R1: Dash

L1 + R1: Chant

In addition to Akko, her friends Lotte Yanson and Sucy Manbavaran will also appear as playable characters, and can use attacks that take advantage of each character’s area of expertise.

Dengeki PlayStation also has an interview with producer Yosuke Futami, who confirmed that while Andrew Hanbridge and Croix Meridies will not appear in the game, basically every character outside of those two will appear. The nameless mob students that appear in the anime will also be named. Some characters from among them have important roles, which may change how you see them in the anime. Post-launch downloadable content is also under consideration.

Little Witch Academia: The Witch of Time and the Seven Wonders is due out for PlayStation 4 in Japan in 2017.

Thanks, Hachima Kikou.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0236893-f815ebbef6efbdb4bcd4474aae7aefc5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002174 00000000000 016010  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        LOTS of explicit gore – and a surprisingly whiny Lara Croft

To be candid, I was disappointed with this game. Sure the graphic "quality" is good (technically), and the platforming experience is what I expected, but there were two things that stood out for me that made me less than enthusiastic about this game: 1) I'm not a prude (my favorite game is Skyrim), but the gore in this game was over-the-top for me. Having Lara Croft drop into a room filled with bloody body parts, with skinned victims also hanging from the rafters, was unnecessarily gory. Later, Croft takes a tumble and, if handled improperly, she gets a long pipe shoved up and through the bottom of her mouth. Too gruesome for me. No thanks. 2) I know in this game she is supposed to be a younger, less experienced, Lara Croft, but right from the start she sounds totally whiny. She whimpers at every bug bite. It got irritating. Not very much like the Lara Croft of other Tomb Raider games I have played, nor like the supremely-confident movie version. Basicall ..., disappointed. I wanted to like it and couldn't.Read full review

Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: Pre-owned                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0236739-aa348defee0172f09135bbc5dc0eaaea.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000014430 00000000000 015536  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        By David Hargreaves

The strong resurgence of house price pressures in the Auckland market coupled with continued strength in the regional markets has economists speculating that the Reserve Bank might again be moving soon against the house market.

The RBNZ's next six-monthly Financial Stability Report will be released on May 11. That the report will express concern about the housing market is a given. What is less certain is whether any further measures to dampen the market will be signposted - or whether it may yet be too soon.

After new tax rules were introduced in October and then new RBNZ restrictions focused on Auckland housing investors were commenced in November, the RBNZ was keen to wait out the summer and see what the February/March housing sales data brought.

What it brought was a renewed headache.

After the Auckland market had a brief pause, digesting the new rules over summer, the March figures from Barfoot & Thompson, followed by those from QV, suggested the sleeping giant was awakening. Then came the Real Estate Institute figures for March - the ones RBNZ Governor Graeme Wheeler indicated the central bank was watching - and they confirmed, for the RBNZ, the worst.

What would rein the housing market in would be a rise in interest rates. But the RBNZ's faced with an economic situation - particularly in respect to low inflation and a high Kiwi dollar - that is putting downward pressure on rates. The Official Cash Rate currently sits at a record low of 2.25%, having been dropped to that by the RBNZ on March 10. The current expectation is that those rates will have to go lower - though the CPI figures released this week, showing some signs of emerging inflation, did arguably give the RBNZ some breathing space.

In all probability, however, the central bank is going to be forced to dip back into its 'macro-prudential toolkit' in order to attempt to quell the house price pressures.

In their weekly market focus newsletter ANZ's economists said that households were "clearly re-leveraging; we’re not seeing credit growth slow. Debt-to-income metrics are at all-time highs and rising, and saving is negative. That kind of behaviour cannot continue indefinitely".

The economists said that low interest rates were "clearly creating distortions".

"...And while the finger cannot be solely pointed at the RBNZ (we operate in a globalised world after all), it does mean that as the OCR goes lower, the hurdle to additional cuts should be getting higher and higher.

"It all means that in this world, the odds of further macro-prudential measures are increasing by the day. We note increasing chatter domestically on this front and we do feel there is inevitability about it. The RBNZ has a price stability mandate; that is paramount. But it also has a financial stability one and sometimes the two clash, as is the case right here and now."

The ANZ economists said they wondered whether non-Auckland investors were "set to come into the firing line".

"According to QV, investors currently account for 45% of total house sales across the country. A logical first step would therefore be to make the current Auckland LVR restrictions for investors a nationwide policy. In other words, all residential property investors, no matter where they were buying, would be required to have a 30% deposit. It’s tweaking something already in place, and hence easy to do. Targeting property investors is also more palatable than something that could affect owner occupiers or first home buyers."

But the economists also said that "something wider reaching" couldn't be ruled out either, particularly with the Auckland market showing signs of life once again.

"As prices rise, equity of existing property owners rises too, diminishing the impact of LVR restrictions. You simply revalue your portfolio. The RBNZ does have the ability to increase risk weights on sectoral lending or to introduce the counter-cyclical capital buffer (CCB), both of which are far broader-based than the current targeted LVR measures.

"But if the RBNZ really wanted to settle the investor and speculative side of the housing market down – and we think that's in the economy's medium-term interest – it should limit the amount of interest-only borrowing.

"Macro-prudential measures won’t be a panacea for housing market strength amidst supply shortages. Yet housing exuberance at present is becoming increasingly difficult to ignore. The RBNZ’s Financial Stability Report is fast approaching (11 May) and we await it with much interest."

In their weekly commentary ASB economists were also speculating.

They said that with the housing market "reigniting", the RBNZ’s investor and other housing restrictions were beginning to seem “long ago”.

"The Auckland-centric investor restrictions, for example, have simply sent some investors further afield. Some data suggest that Auckland investor buyers accounted for circa 20% of Whangarei and Tauranga sales over the first three months of the year.

"So the question is, how does the RBNZ push inflation back to target without further stoking the housing market? If housing data over coming months confirm the re-acceleration, then we expect one way could be to broaden the investor restrictions later in the year from ‘Auckland only’ to nationwide. Alternatively, the investor deposit requirement of 30% could lift to say 40%.

"These increased restrictions would free up the RBNZ to make the 50bps of OCR cuts that we expect in June and August this year. The above housing complications as well as the slightly stronger Q1 inflation data suggest that the RBNZ may see little urgency to cut rates. In saying this, we cannot completely discount an April cut," the ASB economists said.

And Westpac economists said that for a time, the RBNZ "took heart" from the fact that the Auckland housing market was cooling down; rising house prices in other regions were of less concern as there was no sign that valuations were becoming stretched.

"But with the Auckland market springing into back into life, the RBNZ may be wary of adding fuel to the fire by taking interest rates ever lower.

"That also means there’s a growing risk of another round of macro-prudential measures before the end of the year. The RBNZ has not yet raised that possibility, but the next twice-yearly Financial Stability Report on 11 May would be an opportunity to do so."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0236887-b4308b529f000fc3b665784226808452.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006567 00000000000 014502  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        People are seen at the Last Stop outdoor shooting range Wednesday, in White Hills, Ariz. (Photo: AP Photo/John Locher )

The death of an Arizona firearms instructor by a 9-year-old girl who was firing a fully automatic Uzi displayed a tragic side of what has become a hot industry in the U.S.: gun tourism.

With gun laws keeping high-powered weapons out of reach for most people — especially those outside the U.S. — indoor shooting ranges with high-powered weapons have become a popular attraction.

Tourists from Japan flock to ranges in Waikiki, Hawaii, and the dozen or so that have cropped up in Las Vegas offer bullet-riddled bachelor parties and literal shotgun weddings, where newly married couples can fire submachine gun rounds and pose with Uzis and ammo belts.

“People just want to experience things they can’t experience elsewhere,” said Genghis Cohen, owner of Machine Guns Vegas. “There’s not an action movie in the past 30 years without a machine gun.”

The accidental shooting death of the firing-range instructor in Arizona set off a powerful debate over youngsters and guns, with many people wondering what sort of parents would let a child handle a submachine gun.

Instructor Charles Vacca, 39, was standing next to the girl Monday at the Last Stop range in White Hills, Arizona, about 60 miles south of Las Vegas, when she squeezed the trigger. The recoil wrenched the Uzi upward, and Vacca was shot in the head.

Prosecutors say they will not file charges. The identities of the girl and her family have not been released.

The Arizona Division of Occupational Safety and Health, the state’s workplace safety agency, is investigating the shooting-range death, said agency spokeswoman Rachel Brockway, who declined to provide specifics on the examination.

The coroner in Las Vegas said Vacca suffered from a single gunshot to the head.

Clark County Coroner Mike Murphy said that it will take several weeks for blood-toxicology test results to be complete, and authorities were still investigating the shooting. The coroner said that an official cause of death was pending.

Attractions similar to the Last Stop range have been around since the 1980s in Las Vegas, although the city has experienced a boom of such businesses in the past few years. One dusty outdoor range in Las Vegas calls itself the Bullets and Burgers Adventure and touts its “Desert Storm atmosphere.”

Excitement over guns tends to spike when there’s fear of tighter gun restrictions, said Dan Sessions, general manager of Discount Firearms and Ammo, which houses the Vegas Machine Gun Experience.

There’s also the prohibitive cost of owning an automatic weapon — an M5 might go for $25,000, while a chance to gun down zombie targets with an AR-15 and three other weapons costs less than $200.

“It’s an opportunity that people may not come across again in their lifetime,” Sessions said.

Tourists from Australia, Europe or Asia, where civilians are barred from many types of guns, long to indulge in the quintessentially American right to bear arms.

“People have a fascination with guns,” said Cohen, who is from New Zealand and estimates about 90 percent of his customers are tourists. “They see guns as a big part of American culture, and they want to experience American culture.”

Read or Share this story: http://www.greatfallstribune.com/story/news/local/2014/08/29/gun-tourism-growing-us/14781029/                                                                                                                                         0236945-22a37391d6423628c79d3d1f39bab149.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005204 00000000000 014703  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Image caption Bassem Youssef became popular after posting satirical videos on the internet

An arrest warrant has been issued for a popular Egyptian political satirist for allegedly insulting Islam and President Mohammed Morsi.

Bassem Youssef has faced several complaints over his show El Bernameg (The Programme).

He has poked fun at a wide range of figures, from fellow television presenters to well-known Muslim scholars and recently Mr Morsi himself.

The case has highlighted worries about press freedoms in Egypt.

It is also seen as the latest in a string of prosecution actions against opponents of the president and his party, the Muslim Brotherhood.

Earlier this week, Egypt's top prosecutor ordered the arrest of five political activists, among them a leading blogger, on suspicion of inciting aggression against the Brotherhood.

The prosecutor, Talat Ibrahim, was appointed late last year by the president, after he had sacked his predecessor, Abdel Maguid Mahmoud.

However, a court this week ordered Mr Mahmoud's reinstatement, a decision that Mr Ibrahim said on Saturday he would fight.

Witty lampooning

Many journalists have criticised the Islamist-backed constitution which came into force earlier this year, arguing it does not offer enough guarantees for a free media.

Image caption Talat Ibrahim said on Saturday he would challenge a court order reinstating his predecessor

The constitution also sparked protests from opponents who say it favours Islamists and does not sufficiently protect the rights of women or Christians.

Bassem Youssef is a doctor who shot to fame after winning a large number of followers with his witty lampooning of public figures in amateur videos posted on the internet following the uprising that ended Hosni Mubarak's rule in February 2011.

He became a household name when his satirical show - likened to Jon Stewart's The Daily Show in the US - began to be broadcast three times a week on one of Egypt's independent satellite stations.

But sketches in which he portrayed Mr Morsi as a pharaoh, calling him "Super Morsi" for holding on to executive and legislative powers, and, separately, putting the president's image on a pillow and parodying his speeches angered one Islamist lawyer, whose formal complaint resulted in the investigation.

As well as insulting Mr Morsi and Islam, Mr Youssef is also accused of "spreading false news with the aim of disrupting public order".

In a statement posted on Mr Youssef's Twitter account on Saturday he confirmed the warrant, adding: "I will go to the public prosecutor's office on Sunday - unless they send me a police car and save me [the bother of] getting there on public transport."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            0236926-00ee9bad3324288b8d782d46f8f4fa7e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000041335 00000000000 015224  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Author Topic: Mule vs. Mountain Lion

snopes

Return! Return! Return!





posted 03:03 PM quote: These pics came from a someone's dad in AZ. Yes the mule killed the

mountain lion. The lion had been stalking them for the better part of the

morning, on the way out to a hunt. They were pretty sure it was after a

dog. The cat apparently ambushed them, and the mule pictured tossed its

rider and went into attack (defense) mode, the horses scattered and shots

were fired but no one was sure if they hit the cat or not. Unfortunately,

the battle was decently long, and it wasn't until it was almost over that

one of the guys started snapping pics.











Posts: 36029 | From: Admin | Registered: Feb 2000 | IP: Logged |

mrs.hi-c clown fishies

Happy Holly Days





posted 03:36 PM Wow....That's one Bad-ass...ass?



Hmmm...It looks real to me, but I'm not an expert in zoology. Can a mule really do that? I know they can be mean.



mrs.hi-c



--------------------

This song has no title...just words and a tune.



Instant Hi-C--Just add water...

Posts: 1620 | From: Michigan | Registered: Sep 2004 | IP: Logged |

Vesta

We Three Blings





posted 03:47 PM All manner of equines myself and my family have owned would never have anything to do with a mointain lion, dead or alive.



Vesta



--------------------

Innocence, on the Bicycle of Propriety, carrying the Urn of Reputation safely over the Abyss of Indiscretion.

Posts: 1170 | From: Tucson, AZ | Registered: May 2003 | IP: Logged |

LadyLockeout

Markdown, the Herald Angels Sing





posted 03:51 PM Healthy animals of the equine variety could certainly tear apart a mountain lion if they felt so inclined, however I have my doubts that one could do so and remain completely unscathed. Then again, maybe it could. I've worked with horses for years, and even the smaller varieties of pony can do some serious damage without actually trying. One of my ponies, for instance, broke three bones in my left foot with just a "lift and stamp" type movement (and I was wearing heavy boots at the time too!)



--------------------

Katesune: We still can't find the way to albuquerque, and glisp won't stop to ask for directions.

Glisp42: Of course not. I know where I'm going, I just don't know where I am right now



Twisted Links

Posts: 2599 | From: Texas | Registered: May 2004 | IP: Logged |

Electrotiger

Deck the Malls





posted 10:13 PM Am I the only one that thinks that in a mule vs. mountain lion fight, the mule would be kicking, bucking, and stomping like crazy, instead of biting?



I've seen footage of stallion zebras taking down calf wildebeasts with one kick, so I wouldn't doubt the ability of an equine to tromp something to death, but come on, biting it like that?



The photos look real enough, but man, that's a new one on me.



--------------------

Mr. Sagan did not go too fars, If you just took the time to scan its,

You'd count billions and billions of stars, And billions and billions of planets.

Posts: 332 | From: Kansas City, MO | Registered: Jan 2004 | IP: Logged |

LadyLockeout

Markdown, the Herald Angels Sing





posted 10:33 PM Horses bite. And horses can do some serious damage with a bite. I've seen some horrific wounds on both horses and people from biting. (and have a scar or two from them myself, though none that serious) Biting is definately an equine reaction while attacking and defending.



--------------------

Katesune: We still can't find the way to albuquerque, and glisp won't stop to ask for directions.

Glisp42: Of course not. I know where I'm going, I just don't know where I am right now



Twisted Links

Posts: 2599 | From: Texas | Registered: May 2004 | IP: Logged |

Joseph Z

Xboxing Day





posted 04:08 AM I can see their hoofs causing the significant amount of damage in defense when killing anything. All horse animal breeds (Bulls, donkeys, horses, etc.) have a significant amount of bone in their hoofs which can be used as their primary weapon in their defense.



Horse accidents involving humans cause significant damage (IE: Christopher Reeves was ran over by the horse breaking him to paralyzation and life support before his demise in late 2004).



The same would be for any animal including the lion case. However using their teeth as prime weapon isn't a good tactic as it's as our teeth. The lion (Cat breed) would be the one with the teeth and claws to defend itself.



--------------------

Joseph Z

Posts: 1356 | From: Woodbridge, VA | Registered: Jul 2004 | IP: Logged |

valee

I Saw Three Shipments





posted 04:46 AM Although it's a strangely worded comment in the caption-"Unfortunately, the battle was decently long, and it wasn't until it was almost over that one of the guys started snapping pics.", it indicates that these pictures don't capture the start of the battle, which would presumably be when the mule would have been kicking at the puma.

It's only the first picture where it appears to me that the puma may have any life left in it, and since the mule is lifting it by its tail, I'll assume the puma is already seriously injured - perhaps the spine was snapped by an early kick and the puma's hindquarters are paralyzed.



And I've just noticed the brave hunting dogs in the background - it looks like they're waiting for the mule to let them know if it's safe. Posts: 88 | From: Metro DC | Registered: Jan 2003 | IP: Logged |

Malruhn

The "Was on Sale" Song





posted 06:14 AM Odds are, a mountain lion could kick an ass's ass - HOWEVER, all it would take is one lucky kick to stun the lion.



Then it would be an easy task for the mule to take care of business.



I vote real. However, my experience is with legitimate horses, and not with mules. All my ass knowledge comes from Hustler magazine and Louis Lamour novels.



--------------------

Opinions aren't excuses to remain ignorant about subjects, nor are they excuses to never examine one's beliefs & prejudices...



Babies are like tattoos. You see other peoples' & they're cool, but yours is never as good & you can't get rid of it.

Posts: 5622 | From: Jax, Florida | Registered: Nov 2003 | IP: Logged |

Joe Bentley

Ding Dong! Merrily on High Definition TV





posted 06:28 AM Assuming for the moments the pictures are legit, we don't know what shape the mountain lion was in when the mule happened upon it. The lion could of already been injured or have been sick.



For that matter nothing in the 4 pics even proves the mountain lion was alive, although the first pic does look like an animal that's moving I can't be certain. Then again I can't imagine would make a mule interested in a dead mountain lion.



--------------------

"Existence has no pattern save what we imagine after staring at it for too long." - Rorschach, The Watchmen

Posts: 8929 | From: Norfolk, Virginia | Registered: Jun 2002 | IP: Logged |

Sub-Contractor

The Red and the Green Stamps





posted 06:47 AM I think the pictures are out of sequence.

Note the background plants and how close the carcass is to them in the various shots.



I think the order should be 1, 4, 2, 3 or even 4, 1, 2, 3.



If #4 is first, then the "fight" takes on a new permutation with a possible injured or tired cat trying to get an easy dog meal being attacked by a psycho mule. And mules can go psycho. It's frightening how close to human they are when their eyes glaze over.



This mule just seems to be a biter because it learned that it HURTS more...to get its way. Interesting getting or finding a mule that would do that repeatedly to a big cat.



And yes, I was frightened and nipped by a mule as a child



(edited for even worse spelling than normal) IP: Logged |

88ShelbyZ

The Red and the Green Stamps





posted 11:51 AM I dont know about the whole Mule Eating Lion thing, but the lighting in the pictures seems correct as does the dust being kicked up around both animals. IP: Logged |

Brian O'blivion

Deck the Malls





posted 12:26 PM I noticed a couple of odd things about the photos, see if anyone agrees.



In pics 2 & 3, the reins are dangling from the mule's mouth. You can't really see them in #4, but in #1 they aren't there. In #1, a cut off section of the reins looks like it's wrapped around the lion's arm.



Pic #2 looks at first glance like the mule is biting and lifting the lion by the scruff. But it looks to me like the mule's mouth is closed and in front of the lion. It also looks like something is wrapped around the lion's left shoulder and that's what is being lifted up.



Don't know what any of that means, but I thought I would throw it out there. Posts: 307 | From: California | Registered: Jan 2004 | IP: Logged |

Horse Chestnut

Happy Holly Days





posted 03:37 PM I'm starting to wonder if the situation was not quite as described. I don't doubt that a horse or mule would go into attack mode - "Horse Whisperer" Monty Roberts describes a horse attacking a saddle in one of his books, with hoofs and teeth - but I would think that a healthy lion in open country would be able to get out of the way of a mule attacking, unless Mr. Mule got in one heck of a lucky kick first thing.



I'm wondering if the hunters shot the lion first, then let the mule have his fun with the carcass. Posts: 1651 | From: Columbus, Ohio | Registered: Aug 2004 | IP: Logged |

NovaSS

I'll Be Home for After Christmas Sales





posted 04:26 PM I have been around horse and mules all my life. They will fight if they have to (any animal will).



I agree with most post, Im sure the mule got in a good first kick and hes just throwing it ( the carcase) around. If it was already dead Im sure the mule wouldnt have a thing to do with it.



I have seen a rabitt, backed into a corner stand up and attach a dog, and the dog run off. Posts: 162 | From: Maryland | Registered: Aug 2003 | IP: Logged |

Llewtrah

Happy Xmas (Warranty Is Over)





posted 01:46 AM Equines are apparently unusual among herbivores in that they will fight with their teeth as well as their hooves (not surprising - horses don't have horns or antlers and don't go in for head-butting fights). I've seen footage of zebras biting crocodiles and escaping (quite famous footage on wildlife documentaries) and of a zebra stallion (Grevy's I think, the more solitary type rather than the ones that form big herds) killing a very young foal by biting the neck in order that he could mate the mare. It went for the foal like a cat goes for prey, just kept crunching at the foal's neck even though the mare tried to kick the stallion away. And stallions can do serious damage to each other with their teeth.



Like others here, I'd guess the puma was already badly injured (kicked, shot, whatever) before the mule turned on it with teeth.



--------------------

Messybeast Cat Resource Archive

Llewtrah's Soapbox

Posts: 2040 | From: Chelmsford, Essex, England | Registered: Dec 2001 | IP: Logged |

TrishDaDish

Let There Be PCs on Earth





posted 08:36 AM quote: Originally posted by valee:

And I've just noticed the brave hunting dogs in the background - it looks like they're waiting for the mule to let them know if it's safe. Dog 1: Hey, Scraps, do you think that mountain lion's dead? Ya think it's safe?



Dog 2: That mule is going ape poopy, and you're worried about the stupid mountain lion?!



--------------------

I would prefer not to.

My blog

Posts: 4789 | From: Rhode Island | Registered: Feb 2004 | IP: Logged |

boogers

We Three Blings





posted 11:16 AM I remember reading in one of the papers about an incident in the early 90's where the signal on a radio collared mountain lion stopped moving. The biologists went to investigate and found the lion dead. Apparently it had tried to attack a buck mule deer and as it was young and an inexperienced hunter the deer got the better of it and managed to gore and stomp it to death. Of course this was an unusual incident, otherwise it wouldn't have been in the paper. Posts: 1111 | From: Albuquerque, NM | Registered: Dec 2000 | IP: Logged |

Oualawouzou

Angels Wii Have Heard on High





posted 12:08 PM Am I the only one who saw these pics and thought "Switch to the Elderly Animals Channel" ?



--------------------

Le champignon arrive.

Posts: 4372 | From: Quebec | Registered: Apr 2003 | IP: Logged |

Rabidmonkey

The Red and the Green Stamps





posted 07:44 PM I have seen this same set of pics with another story attached which I think is more believable. The story I heard was that the pictures are from a cougar hunt. After the cougar was killed, the hunters went to put the cougar on the mule to pack it out. The mule apparently did not like having a predator on his back and turned his head around and pulled off the cougar and preceded to stomp on it. One of the reasons I believe this story more, is the hunting hounds seen in the background. If you look at the third picture, you can seen one of the hounds is sitting down and appears to be wearing a radio collar consistent with hound hunting. I am skeptical that the cougar could be stalking the hounds for the better part of a morning without the hounds reacting. I am also skeptical that the hound in the third picture would be sitting there calmly during the middle of a cougar/mule fight. In short, I think the cougar was dead before any of those pictures. IP: Logged |

M'eyari

The Red and the Green Stamps





posted 09:55 PM Trish - lmao.



Rabidmonkey - that does sound more plausable. When I first saw these pics, I thought the cougar was dead - in the first pic where it looks like it might possibly be alive, I suggest taking a closer look at its mouth - if it were alive, the mouth would be pulled up in a snarl, not flopping free (this thought is, though, based on my rough-housing with the Kiddens and not on observing actual mountain lions). IP: Logged |

mouse goddess

We Three Blings





posted 11:25 AM My mule story. (Actually burro)

I was at a kind of sketchy drive through safari place when I was younger. After one drove through it, there was a park area/petting zoo with animals milling about that could be fed and petted. I'd fed a cute looking burro some bread, so he proceeded to follow me around.....

I noticed that he would act aggressive towards any other animal that approached me, stomping at them and chasing them off. Finally a sheep came a little too close and the carnage began!

The burro picked up the sheep in its mouth by the loose skin on the sheep's back. It shook it back and forth a couple of times, and then flung it a good 5 or 6 feet in the air. You can imagine the holy hell that was erupting from the sheep's mouth. I was soooo traumatized, everyone was looking at me as if there was something that I did to cause such a scene.



I could also tell a story about this same place that resulted in me being scratched up by a monkey, but that probably belongs in a different thread.



--------------------

"this could increase your brain power, or it could kill you..." "Increase my killing power, ehh???"

Posts: 1153 | From: Houston, TX | Registered: Nov 2000 | IP: Logged |

Morrigan

Happy Holly Days





posted 11:36 AM At the zoo where I used to work, one of the zebra's (a stallion) grabbed a chunk of skin/meat out of my bosses arm.



So, yeah they can bite. And it does hurt!



There was a thoroughbred stallion (Norther Dancer...something like that) that had to have an iron muzzle on because he was known for trying to kill humans. By biting them.



Also, look at the mules body language. In the last photo, he knows it's not a problem-his ears are pricked, and he's not pissed, whereas in the other pictures, his ears are laid back.



Morrigan



--------------------

"The woods are lovely, dark and deep. But I have promises to keep, And miles to go before I sleep, And miles to go before I sleep." Robert Frost, Stopping by the Woods on a Snowy Evening

Posts: 1701 | From: Michigan | Registered: Mar 2001 | IP: Logged |

Jimmy Jive

I Saw Three Shipments





posted 11:58 AM Everyone is wondering if a mule could attack and kill a mountain lion, that they're not first asking themselves if that is indeed is what's happening in the photo's (or, the tail end of what's happening the the photo's)





All I see is a mule dragging a dead cougar up a hill.



If I was a hunter, and killed a cougar, I wouldn't want to drag it myself. And mule's are trained to drag/pull stuff, no?

Even looks like he dropped it a few times, and went to pick it up again, hence the shots of him bending down to it...





Just my guess.



--------------------

Like Johnny says, I walk the line...

Posts: 87 | From: Toronto, Ontario, Canada | Registered: Jun 2003 | IP: Logged |

BlackForge

We Three Blings





posted 12:46 PM I'm voting staged.



The first shot if you look closly at the lion there is a large dryed cut accross its back and it look to stiff. In the second picture the lion is not in the mules mouth and the lion look propped up. In the other to pictures the lion is just laying down. Posts: 1152 | From: Somewere | Registered: Oct 2001 | IP: Logged |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0236915-09ba0b25d1affe46b8a87aa9f94e0411.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002775 00000000000 015260  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Along with Marcos Martin, Paulo Rivera, Chris Samnee and more, Mark Waid relaunched Daredevil a few years ago, only for the book to become a critical darling, an award getter and one of the few books Marvel reader felt obliged to share with non-comics readers. It was clever, witty, concise, pushing back against the decompression of comics, and revitalising the character for many.

And now, it seems, someone else is going to get the chance. From today’s letters pages;

The end of Daredevil in February? Here’s the solicit for January…

DAREDEVIL #35

MARK WAID (W) • Chris Samnee (A/C)

• Daredevil pulls his allies together to make an all-out assault on the Sons of the Serpent before they can infest the rest of the nation–but he’s about to find out just how blind justice can be!

• PLUS…You’ve demanded it! An appearance by Elektra that sets the stage for a huge change in Matt’s life!

32 PGS./Rated T+ …$2.99

But will we get an All-New Marvel Now Daredevil come March or April? And with whom?

Comics courtesy of Orbital Comics, London. Who tonight are hosting a conversation between Trina Robbins and Hannah Berry at 7.30pm. Who tomorrow are launching a Mark Buckingham exhibition tomorrow with a signing at 4pm. And who on Friday will be screening the film Better Things: The Life And Choices Of Jeffrey Catherine Jones at 7pm.

About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.

(Last Updated )

Related Posts

None found   0236965-d36eb84ad584cb6a1644cd308af8cd3b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006475 00000000000 015353  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Hyderabad flood 1908

The Musi may now be little more than a giant sewer, but that September, 108 years ago, is etched in Hyderabad’s memory.

Hyderabad has a strange relationship with the month of September. “Golconda fell to Mughal forces in the September of 1687. It was also a bleak day of September in 1911 when the mortal remains of Mahboob Ali Pasha, the 'beloved' Nizam of Hyderabad, were laid to rest at Mecca Masjid,” writes Sajjad Shahid, a heritage activist, in TOI.

But it is September 28 of 1908, when the once mighty Musi overflowed its banks and flooded the city, leaving death and destruction in its wake, that is etched in Hyderabad's memory.

Image: Wikimedia Commons

On the evening of September 26, 108 years ago, the rain began as a harmless drizzle and continued till the night. But by 11.30pm, the light drizzle had turned into a cloudburst, which continued into the morning. By 8 am on September 27, a Sunday, Hyderabad had received six inches of rainfall, writes Syed Akbar, a senior journalist on his blog. While the drizzle continued on and off for the entire day, on Sunday night there was another, more intense cloudburst.

The first warning came around 2am on September 28, when the water from the Musi flowed over the Puranapul bridge, breaching the rampart walls on the western side of the city. By 6am, the water was well above 10 feet, and reached the crown arc of Afzal bridge. In the next three-and-a-half hours, as its panic-stricken residents watched in disbelief, the water rose to 16 feet, overflowing the parapets of Puranapul, Muslimjungpul, Chadarghat and Afzal bridge.

Image: Hans India

The flood began receding by 8pm that day and the receding water revealed thousands of fallen houses, human bodies and animal carcasses in its wake – those which had not been washed away in the deluge. Over 50 colonies were swept away by the water, with the areas of Kosalwadi and Ghansi being the worst hit, where over 4,000 people perished to the fury of the Musi. The total death toll varies with different reports. But the flood affected at least 2,00,000 people, who were left dead or homeless.

Images: Hans India

The Nizam of Hyderabad, Mir Mehboob Ali Khan, took to the streets to survey the damage and as Sarojini Naidu writes in her poem ‘The tears of Asif’, broke down in full public view at the sight before him. Mohammad Saifullah, noted historian in Hyderabad told Gulf News that the Nizam donated Rs 4.5 lakh (today’s value equivalent of Rs 5 billion) for repairs and fed about 80,000 people for three months following the disaster.

Image: Wikimedia Commons

Amidst the tragedy, there stands out the heartwarming story of the tamarind tree at the Osmania Hospital Complex, which saved at least 150 lives that day. Over 300 years old now, the tree provided refuge to many who clung to its branches watching the water wreak havoc beneath them.

Urdu poet Amjad Hyderabadi, who was one of the people saved by the tree later penned “Qayamat-e-Soghra”, a poem about watching his mother, wife and daughter being washed away in the flood.

More than a century later, the once mighty Musi has now been reduced to a giant sewer, thanks to indiscriminate urbanisation and a lack of urban planning. But while the Musi may not be overflowing its banks, the flooding in Hyderabad is another testament to the cost of unplanned growth.                                                                                                                                                                                                   0236985-c64f10feaee27d5e836bc9748c8ad75e.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010014 00000000000 015363  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        As they sought to close out the San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday night, the Oklahoma City Thunder needed to keep scoring in the fourth quarter. To do so, they went to that play that confused the San Antonio defense and allowed Kevin Durant to score 16 straight points in the fourth quarter of Game 4. They went to their pin-down play, where Russell Westbrook sets a pin-down screen for Durant as James Harden handles the basketball. The scheme produced 10 points on just four possessions, and each time they ran it, the Thunder went to a different option and a different player scored.

The first iteration was a play for Durant. He didn’t knock down an open shot, but rather used the pin-down screen to draw a foul.





Stephen Jackson is guarding Durant. Not only does he have to remain attached to Durant to prevent him from making the catch, but now he has to fight through a Westbrook screen as well (and he sets effective screens for a point guard). Jackson is forced to put his hands around Durant to stick with him, and a foul is called. Durant knocks down both free throws, stretching the Thunder’s lead to four.

On the next Thunder possession, the Spurs were determined to not let Durant even catch the ball. But that decision opened other options.

We pick up this possession with Harden holding the ball on the wing, while Westbrook sets the pin-down for Durant. Tony Parker leaves Westbrook to double Durant as Jackson fights through the screen. Then the open Westbrook dives to the rim.

He forces the Spurs to react. Gary Neal rotates over even though there are two Spurs closer to Westbrook than he is. Neal’s man, Derek Fisher, is only one pass away from the basketball, and Harden passes to him.

Neal works hard to get back, but it’s too late, as Fisher rises and knocks down the 3. Here is the play in real time:

This pin-down puts a lot of pressure on the defense. The Thunder keep stretching them to find open shots for their many scorers. However, stretching the defense isn’t the only function of the pin-down. The next iteration we saw was a diagrammed play for Harden.

Again, we pick up this possession after Westbrook sets the pin-down screen for Durant. Jackson ably stays with Durant here, preventing him from making the catch on the free throw line, forcing him out to the 3-point line.

Durant makes the catch far away from the rim and with just eight seconds left on the shot clock, so the Thunder go to their next option. They bring the ball back to the strong side, where three guys are positioned. Kendrick Perkins slides up and sets a screen for Harden as he flares behind the 3-point line.

Perkins’s screen drills Harden’s man, so Harden is open to get the ball from Durant. Now Manu Ginobili is in a tough spot because Fisher is in the corner and Harden is on the wing. He gets to Harden late, allowing Harden to knock down the 3. Here is the play in real time.

Durant demands the defense’s attention as he holds the ball at the top of the key. The Thunder capitalize on this by setting screens off of the ball, and Perkins’s screen isn’t called out, which allows Harden to get open.

During these two 3-point shots, Westbrook sprinted to the basket immediately after he set the screens for Durant. He was open both times, but Harden was unable to find him for various reasons (good ball pressure, strong rotations). Following a timeout, Oklahoma City coach Scott Brooks drew up a play out of a timeout to take advantage of the lane the Spurs gave him.

Westbrook gets the basketball to Harden and starts toward Durant to set the screen. Right before Durant gets to it, Westbrook slips the screen and cuts right to the rim. Parker was worried about Durant, so Westbrook was able to get free, and he converts the easy cut-and-pass, finishing at the rim.

This play is so effective because there are many possible outcomes, as we’ve now seen. As San Antonio altered their defense to stop it, other options opened up. The Thunder are able to read the defense and react accordingly, which makes them even scarier as they prepare for the NBA Finals.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0236990-c28a660c6f0e77a4b1d7bc24d5c5dec6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003230 00000000000 015332  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Image copyright AP Image caption John Legere has said T-Mobile US wants to be a company that "takes you to dinner and a movie"

T-Mobile US is to offer about 10 million of its customers free shares as the fast-growing company attempts to take on its larger rivals.

Pay-monthly customers can get one share - now worth $43.07 - with the chance of more for referring new customers.

"This has never been done before," by a public company, claimed chief executive John Legere.

T-Mobile, the third biggest US network after Verizon and AT&T, has a reputation for innovative promotions.

It styles itself as the "uncarrier", offering customers free video-streaming options, gifts, tie-ups with ticket agency StubHub, and customer-friendly data plans that have been copied by rivals.

The oversaturated US mobile market has sparked a price war with providers fighting for market share.

T-Mobile customers qualifying for a free share will be able to earn up to 100 more if they refer new subscribers.

The company said in a statement that some long-term customers will qualifying for two extra shares per referral.

Mr Legere, known for his boisterous presentations and love of social media, said: "Get ready for a gratitude adjustment, America. This Un-carrier move is all about giving you a good thanking! No strings. No gotchas. Just 'thank you for being a customer'".

T-Mobile US chief marketing officer Andrew Sherrard told the Reuters news agency: "Some [free offers] will cost us some money but over time we think it will be a really good investment."

The company, controlled by Deutsche Telekom, said it added 2.2 million customers on a net basis in the first quarter ending 31 March.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0236931-2de8706e08f5ae89b38ecaec598b8ce6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006170 00000000000 015371  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Forget the $1-million home — high-end real estate firm Sotheby’s Canada says the fastest growing segment of the market in Canada’s priciest cities is in the $4-million-plus range.

In its report out Thursday on so-called top-tier real estate, the firm looks at the market for homes worth more than $1 million in Vancouver, Toronto, Montreal and Calgary.

“The numbers from 2015, clearly show there is very high demand for luxury real estate,” said Elaine Hung, vice-president of marketing for Sotheby’s International Realty Canada. “This is particularly true in Vancouver and the Greater Toronto Area.”

Sotheby’s Canada says sales in Vancouver of detached home worth $4 million or more were up 65 per cent in 2015 from a year earlier, while sales in the $1 million to $2 million category only jumped 36 per cent and sales in the $2 million to $4 million range were up 45 per cent in the same period.

The real estate firm’s report comes on the heels of year-end results from the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver that show the market had its best year ever recorded, with $38.4 billion in sales activity. The board’s MLS home price index composite benchmark price for all residential finished 2015 at $760,900, an 18.9 per cent increase from a year ago.

Toronto’s market, thought not as pricey, had an even stronger year in terms of sales. The Toronto Real Estate Board reported Wednesday that in 2015 sales pushed past 100,000 annually for the first time thanks to a 9.2 per cent increase in volume that resulted in 101,299 transactions last year.

Sotheby’s Canada says the high end of the market has been Toronto’s strongest segment. In the $4 million detached home category, the firm said sales were up 67 per cent from a year ago. In the $1 million to $2 million category, sales were up 40 per cent from a year ago, and in $2 million to $4 million range they were up 42 per cent during the period.

In Montreal, the upper tier of the market is practically non-existent, with only seven properties trading for $4 million or more. In the detached category for homes over $1 million, sales were up 10 per cent year over year.

The troubling market for luxury homes is Calgary, where sales of detached homes over $1 million dropped 39 per year over year — an even steeper drop than the overall market. The Calgary Real Estate Board said overall detached home sales were down 24 per cent in 2015 from a year earlier.

Hung said in Vancouver and Toronto there is very limited inventory for detached single homes in luxury homes. “That inventory just doesn’t match the level of demand we are seeing from consumers,” she said.

She said international buyers are factoring into the demand in Vancouver and Toronto, as well as Montreal. “We are talking about foreign buyers, people who are immigrating and people with long-standing interest in those cities.”

The most troubled market for luxury sales in 2016 will be Calgary, Sotheby’s Canada said.

“We see opportunities for buyers and we do think prices are going to adjust, particularly in the $1 million plus segment in the market,” said Hung.

gmarr@postmedia.com

twitter.com/dustywallet                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        0236683-cbaaa8db73362515a954a94e541721e6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006243 00000000000 015036  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        “There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.” . Maya Angelou

I’m a programmer, I believe that a good programmer should have a blog. This week I made the decision to write my first post, before start writing, i had to answer some questions :

What should I blog about ?

which blogging platform to use ?

##Blogging about …?

This was the most difficult question to answer, as I thought for a long time that I have no good things share …

was wrong all the time, and what’s obvious to me could be amazing for others <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/xcmI5SSQLmE" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

So blogging about ….

Every programming experiments I do, every new software notion I learn or I wish to learn. Also On my daily job , I face problems that take me time to solve, so I will write posts describing how I solved them. I will write posts about every idea that found its path to my mind.

Ghost, Medium, Blogger,… which blogging platform to use ?

I start my day with reading what’s new on Hacker News, most of them are posts on blog hosted on platforms , like Medium, svbtle, Blogger, ghost. each one of the themes has pros and cons that I will not details here .

I made a short list of what features I need .

Free hosting ☺ .

Programmer friendly : allow to write code with features like , formatting, syntax highlighting…

Simple and minimalist

Easy and powerful customization

Allow to write fast and publishing faster.

Jekyll with github pages as the free hosting solution are the best choice for me .

Start Blogging

Create the blog

Github gives a simple and easy to follow step by step guide to create your blog, I had just follow the guide.

Install Jekyll

Installation of Jekyll is a simple task unless you are a windows user like me .

Download and install Ruby from Ruby Installer

Download and install Ruby Devkit from Ruby Dev Kit

Extract the Dev kit zip to a local directory, and add it to the windows PATH variable.

Open up a command prompt and type :

gem install Bundle

If you have this error

ERROR : While executing gem ( Encoding :: UndefinedConversionError ) U + 2019 to CP850 in the conversion from UTF - 16 LE to UTF - 8 to CP850 .

don’t panic , just type

chcp 1252

and then re-execute the previous command.

Execute

Bundle -- version

to verify if all went well .

Structure of the Blog

I took these list of Sites using Jekyll , as a starting point to understand how I should structure my blog and some best practices to apply.

I got especially inspired by the blog of Rasmus Andersson(Source)

Layouts :

Layouts allow you to define a structure and used as I want with just a declaration .

I defined two Layouts :

the default layout for the page (header , footer ,sidebars, comments section) .

the post layout for the post ,that include the default layout.

code source

Includes :

I used these feature , to include google analytics code and disqus comments engine

Code source

Write the first post

Once the structure of the blog is well defined, all that’s left is to print my ideas in a text format that Jekyll and GitHub can render to obtain what you are seeing and reading right now .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             0236963-43e001c19519f2b0cb498200a50ae3e6.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020047 00000000000 014733  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        The high performance Corvette market is red hot. One of several recent examples was the world’s record price set this past September for a Corvette at auction, a 1967 Corvette L88 sold for $3.2M. You can bet that owners of high performance Corvettes who want to sell will be jumping on the bandwagon to take advantage of the sizzling Corvette market and the huge audience the Scottsdale auctions provide.

Obviously one of the rarest and most sought after of all Corvettes is a 1967 L88 coupe with a competition heritage and Barrett-Jackson will have one at their Scottsdale auction. But this is not a Corvette that recently “jumped on the bandwagon” to take advantage of the hot market, consignment of this rare L88 began almost a year ago, long before the record setting September sale. Nor is it just any 1967 L88 coupe, this is the crown jewel of 1967 L88 Corvettes, the only L88 coupe of record to receive the highly coveted Duntov Mark of Excellence Award. The Corvette will be auctioned as a part of Barrett-Jackson’s Salon Collection and scheduled to cross the block on Saturday afternoon, January 18, 2014.

This red 1967 L88 Corvette is fully documented and is being represented at the request of the owner by Roy Sinor, well-known, recently-retired National Corvette Restorers Society national judging chairman and one of the experts Barrett-Jackson uses for Corvette consultations. Sinor spent over seventeen years at the NCRS and is one of the foremost experts on Corvettes.

This outstanding example is the only Red on Red example of the only twenty L88 Corvettes produced in 1967 and has been validated by both GM and the NCRS. It is the recipient of an NCRS Top Flight Award, Performance Verification, and the only L88 on record to have achieved the coveted Duntov Mark of Excellence. The car has also been inducted into the Bloomington Gold Hall of Fame and appeared in the Bloomington Gold Special Collection.

Like all twenty Corvette L88s produced in 1967, this one comes with the C48 Heater Defrost Delete, F41 Special Front and Rear Suspension, G81 Positraction Rear Axle, J50 Vacuum Power Brakes, J56 Special Heavy Duty Brakes, K66 Transistor Ignition, L88 427 ci, 430 hp (factory rating) Engine, and the M22 Heavy Duty, Close Ratio, 4 Speed Transmission. In addition it also has the RPO A85, shoulder belts. Another feature which sets this L88 apart is the special order rear end ratio of 4.56:1, the drag racing rear end of choice. Most 1967 L88s were ordered with rear end ratios more suitable to road racing. This car was originally ordered by a General Motors executive for a friend of his son’s and was delivered through Mike Savoie Chevrolet, then located on Woodward Avenue in Birmingham, Michigan. Savoie is well known for servicing and delivering GM employee cars and his dealership was only a year old when he delivered this L88.

The Corvette has an extensive competition background; the first owner raced the Corvette most weekends at drag strips around the Motor City. It made several appearances at Motor City Dragway, Lapeer Dragway and Detroit Dragway in the late 1960’s. The Corvette was also used to test competition camshafts for the General Kinetic Camshaft Company. Local legend is this car never lost a race at the local drag strips.

Following the first few years spent racing, the car was eventually sold in the early 1970’s to a high school auto shop teacher, Fred Reamer. While doing some brake work on his car Reamer, not a racer, was intrigued when he unexpectedly found the dual pin calipers which only came with the J56 RPO. This discovery prompted him to investigate his car further. He contacted Werner Meier, then a General Motors engineering group manager. Today Meier owns Masterworks Automotive Services specializing in Corvette restoration and was inducted into the National Corvette Museum Hall of Fame in 2013. Meier encouraged Reamer check drop the gas tank and check the tank sticker. When he found the original sticker it indicated that his car was one of the rare, original production L88s. Word quickly spread among Corvette enthusiasts and collectors that Reamer was in possession of one of the rarest of all production Corvettes. Several collectors tried to acquire the car but it was J.D.Pervis, well-known collector, that literally made the auto shop teacher an offer he could not refuse.

When Pervis acquired the car the original engine, like most all L88s that were raced, had been replaced and he managed to get an actual GM over-the-counter, date correct L88 IT motor that never had the VIN stamped on it. Most factory L88s have “restoration” blocks but it is rare to find an L88 with a date correct IT block. Pervis also did some other restoration work on his car but a full restoration was not completed until the car was sold to Ray Norvelle. Norvelle commissioned renowned Nabers Brothers from Houston to do a full restoration on the important Corvette in the late 1990’s. Shortly after Nabers Brothers completed the restoration Norvelle sold the car to the current owner in 2000. Since then the car has been professionally maintained by a GM mechanic and kept in a climate controlled garage.

Legendary stories of General Motors vaunted L88 Corvettes are epic among enthusiasts. In order to meet certain government regulations, insurance guidelines and even GM company policies, L88’s published HP was under-rated by the factory at only 430. Dyno tests have shown the actual horsepower rating to be closer to 560 HP. The L88 427 cubic inch engines were significantly different from other 427 GM engines. They had a forged and Tuftrided crankshaft, 12.5 : 1 pistons, a 850 CFM 4 barrel carburetor, aluminum heads and a cold air induction. The published horsepower for the L88 engine, unlike horsepower ratings for other engines, was not the “peak performance” horsepower, so technically the publicized numbers were not fabricated, just not the numbers for peak HP.

Corvettes with the L88 package were clearly designed for use on the track and GM discouraged street use. In addition to the brute engine the legendary M22 4 speed “rock-crusher” transmission was required as well as a performance suspension and brakes. Using these cars as daily drivers was not only discouraged but challenging since they would overheat in stop and go traffic since they were delivered with no fan shrouds. In addition, choosing the L88 RPO also required deleting the radio and heater. So an L88 Corvette wasn’t the most comfortable Woodward Avenue cruiser.

Zora Arkus-Duntov, the vaunted Corvette Chief Engineer, personally oversaw the building of a prototype version of the C2 L88 in 1966 to insure it performed as anticipated. Satisfied, he released it for production in 1967 and the prototype test car was destroyed according to GM policy.

This impeccable L88 example will cross the block in Barrett-Jackson’s totally new auction facility at West World in Scottsdale. Pundits could go on and on comparing this car to the world’s record L88, but the knowledgeable collector who seriously considers investing the money it will take to own this car will understand why it is incomparable and truly belongs in a class of its own. It is the crown jewel of all production 1967 Corvettes and will certainly be the main attraction for Corvette enthusiasts at the Barrett-Jackson extravaganza in Scottsdale.

Keep in mind that this car is being offered in Scottsdale at Barrett-Jackson’s most famous, most elaborate and largest auction event. If things go as they have in past years the event will be overflowing with not only spectators but with well-healed, qualified bidders and collectors. And when international champion and Hall of Fame auctioneer “Spanky” Assiter begins his chant on this unique Corvette there is no telling where the bidding will end when his hammer falls. It should make for an exciting afternoon for enthusiasts, especially if for Corvette enthusiasts.



Source:

Barrett-Jackson



Related:

[VIDEO] 1967 L88 Corvette Convertible Sells for Record $3.2 Million at Mecum Dallas

[VIDEO] The 1963 Harley J. Earl Corvette Sells for $1.5 Million at Mecum Chicago

1967 L88 Corvette Racer at Pebble Beach

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         0236986-bfd5b04b871ea1d47a666fd9cd57d716.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000005053 00000000000 015301  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        12 January 2017

Centre Robbie Fruean will make his starting debut for Bath Rugby in the local derby against Bristol Rugby in the European Rugby Challenge Cup at Ashton Gate Stadium tomorrow, kick-off 19:45.

Fruean, who made his first team bow off the bench against Newcastle Falcons last week, will join forces in midfield with Jonathan Joseph, as the team look to cement their place in the knock-out stages of the competition.

Tom Homer returns to the starting line-up at fullback, with Anthony Watson moving to the left wing. Semesa Rokoduguni, who extended his tally to eight tries in the Aviva Premiership in his last outing for the Blue, Black and White, continues on the right wing.

Kahn Fotuali’i returns to the starting line-up at scrum-half, where he will once again link up with George Ford.

Nathan Catt, Tom Dunn and Max Lahiff head up the front row for the third successive game, whilst Charlie Ewels forms a second row combination with Elliott Stooke.

In the back row, Paul Grant comes in at number eight with Zach Mercer moving to blindside flanker and co-captain Francois Louw continuing his run on the openside, with the sights set on recording a third victory over their West Country counterparts this season.

Director of Rugby, Todd Blackadder said: “We’re really looking forward to getting out there tomorrow night. I’ve quickly learnt that derbies between Bath and Bristol are always huge games, so we know how much this one means to our supporters.

“We’ve picked up a few more knocks, but also have guys returning to the side, like Kahn, Charlie and Tom, and it’ll be exciting to see how Robbie goes in his competitive start for a while.

“Unfortunately Matt Garvey picked up a neck injury at the end of the game against Newcastle. He needs to have surgery on it, so will be out of action for a while, but he’s in great hands with our medical team here and we all wish him a speedy recovery.”

Unavailable for selection: Dave Attwood, Nick Auterac, Matt Banahan, Ross Batty, Dan Bowden, Max Clark, David Denton, Tom Ellis, Taulupe Faletau, Matt Garvey, Henry Thomas

Bath Rugby team to face Bristol Rugby

15. Tom Homer

14. Semesa Rokoduguni

13. Jonathan Joseph

12. Robbie Fruean

11. Anthony Watson

10. George Ford (co-captain)

9. Kahn Fotuali’i

1. Nathan Catt

2. Tom Dunn

3. Max Lahiff

4. Charlie Ewels

5. Elliott Stooke

6. Zach Mercer

7. Francois Louw (co-captain)

8. Paul Grant

Replacements

16. Jack Walker

17. Beno Obano

18. Kane Palma-Newport

19. Levi Douglas

20. Guy Mercer

21. Chris Cook

22. Rhys Priestland

23. Ben Tapuai                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     0236962-90c4a4ae39ef7959821ff0e33c9fc0d5.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000006556 00000000000 015232  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Kpop is widely known for its unique and unforgettable dance moves. From the hand rubbing and tutting of Super Junior‘s Sorry Sorry to the scorpion dance of Infinite‘s Before the Dawn, choreography has become more elaborate and striking over the years. Here are seven amazing Kpop choreographies by male groups that will mesmerise you and leave you in awe.

BTS – We Are Bulletproof II

BTS exploded onto the Kpop scene with its rigorous hip hop choreography, filled with remarkable stunts and precision. We Are Bulletproof best exemplifies the members’ strength and dynamism. The tight formations, unbelievable synchronization and the dance break showcasing three members with tricks, prove BTS’ versatility as a bold performer.

Concept Trailer also deserves a mention to show again the group’s powerful talents.

SHINee – Everybody

The SHINee members are renowned for their strong dancing abilities and sophisticated dance sequences. Everybody was no exception, and reinforced their powerful skills. The energetic introduction of waking up methods, the manipulation and motifs of alarm clocks and the intricate structures of the song’s rising climax show the group’s consistent cleverness for dances.

B.A.P – One Shot

B.A.P’s diversity of dances always seem to intensify every time a new single is released. One Shot unleashes great energy, strength and passion through the intricate floor sequences and powerful actions. One aspect that is definitely attention grabbing, but an elusive detail, is the footwork – the group makes these movements unbelievably effortless yet when it is tried, it can be difficult to perform.

VIXX – On and On

On and On is an inventive choreography with complex patterns so that if you blink for even a second, you would miss many moments of this fascinating piece. The dance is inspired by zombies and resurrecting motions which the members perform with great swiftness and control. VIXX creates a fresh approach of thrilling formations and zombie themed dancing.

U-KISS – Neverland

The lively and energetic dance of Neverland showcased the members’ intense agility and willpower to perform the sequences with rare moments to stop. The passion and spirit of the dance are generated perfectly by the members. Although the actions are shown to be high-spirited and need extreme endurance, the members perform the dance with incredible ease.

TVXQ – Catch Me

TVXQ executes the dance sequences of Catch Me with rigid sharpness and energetic spirit. The crafty formations and shapes that are used, never fail to fascinate. The brilliance of this choreography is that it continuously changes. There is scarce repetition of movements and therefore it continues to capture our attentions.

2PM – Heartbeat

VIXX was not the first group to introduce the zombie walking concept in its routine. This 2PM classic is one of the most unforgettable dances in Kpop history. From the alive and pulsing heartbeat gestures, the zombie side-walk and the ‘running man’ move, the extraordinary creativity of the dance still continues to amaze nearly five years after its release.

What do you think of these dances? Do you agree with this list or are there any other choreography that amazes you? Sound off in the comments!

Sources: Photo – oddnessweirdness; Videos – SMTOWN YouTube, 2PMLOVE YouTube, U-KISS YouTube, DanceVersionHD YouTube, MBCkpop YouTube, BANGTANTV YouTube,                                                                                                                                                  0236689-1c7c8a78af5e6dbd22bc6120c1d35157.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000007302 00000000000 015174  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Google Search's learning curve is an odd one. You use it every day, but still all you know is how to search. But the search engine has plenty of tricks up its sleeve.

Here's an overview of some of the most useful Google search tricks, from basic tips to new features just recently released.

1. Use quotes to search for an exact phrase

This one's a well-known, simple trick: searching a phrase in quotes will yield only pages with the same words in the same order as what's in the quotes. It's one of the most vital search tips, especially useful if you're trying to find results containing a specific a phrase.

Subscribe to the Motto newsletter for advice worth sharing.

2. Use an asterisk within quotes to specify unknown or variable words

Here's a lesser known trick: searching a phrase in quotes with an asterisk replacing a word will search all variations of that phrase. It's helpful if you're trying to determine a song from its lyrics, but you couldn't make out the entire phrase (e.g. "imagine all the * living for today"), or if you're trying to find all forms of an expression (e.g. "* is thicker than water").

3. Use the minus sign to eliminate results containing certain words

You'll want to eliminate results with certain words if you're trying to search for a term that's generating a lot of results that aren't of interest to you. Figure out what terms you're not interested in (e.g. jaguar -car) and re-run the search.

4. Search websites for keywords

Think of the "site:" function as a Google search that searches only a particular website. If you want to see every time TIME.com mentioned Google, use the search "Google site:TIME.com".

5. Search news archives going back to the mid-1880s

Google News has an option to search over 100 years' worth of archived news from newspapers around the world.

6. Compare foods using "vs"

Can't decide between a burger or pizza for dinner? Type in "rice vs. quinoa," for example, and you'll receive side-by-side comparisons of the nutritional facts.

Courtesy of Google

7. Filter search results for recipes

If you search your favorite food , and then click "Search Tools" right under the search bar, you'll be able to filter recipes based on ingredients, cook time and calories. It's the perfect tool if you have certain dietary restrictions.

8. Use "DEFINE:" to learn the meaning of words—slang included

Streamline the dictionary process by using, for example, "DEFINE: mortgage." For words that appear in the dictionary, you'll be able to see etymology and a graph of its use over time alongside the definition. Google will even sift the web to define slang words or acronyms. Try out "DEFINE: bae" or "DEFINE: SMH".

9. Tilt your screen by searching "tilt"

This is one of the fun additions built in by Google engineers. Try it out yourself (search without quotes).

10. Play Atari Breakout by searching it on Google Images

The legendary brick breaker game is available for easy access on Google. Just search "Atari Breakout" (without quotes) on Google Images and enjoy.

11. Search images using images

Ever come across a photo that looks strangely familiar? Or if you want to know where it came from? If you save the image, and then search it on Google Images (with the camera button), you'll be able to see similar images on the web.

TIME.com: 10 Tech Resolutions to Consider in the New Year

12. Press the mic icon on Google's search bar, and say "flip a coin" or "heads or tails"

The feature released last month lets Google flip a coin for you when you don't have one on hand.

Courtesy of Google

13. Press the mic icon on Google's search bar, and say "give me a love quote" or "I love you"

The love quote generator is also a feature released last month for those in need of a little romance.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              0236682-9cf810083c828e24890b47aa37fde541.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000012315 00000000000 014770  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Former Florida governor Jeb Bush called immigrants ‘more fertile’ during his speech at the annual conservative gathering of the Faith and Freedom Coalition convention in which he praised the role of transplants in America.

No joke. As part of his pitch for immigration reform to the conservative, evangelical-leaning audience on Friday, Bush said immigrant labor is crucial to the U.S. economy, especially because immigrants are “more fertile.”

“Immigrants create far more businesses than native-born Americans,” he said, adding, “Immigrants are more fertile, they love families, they have more intact families, and they bring a younger population. Immigrants create an engine of economic prosperity.”

And that was just day two of the faith-and-freedom-themed Republican party.

Yes, it’s that time of year again, when conservatives gather before the organization run by former Christian Coalition leader Ralph Reed. It kicked off its annual event, titled the “Road to Majority,” on Thursday. Its aim is to strengthen the evangelical base, which often turns out in big numbers. It’s also a chance for potential 2016 presidential candidates to strut their stuff.

The three-day conference in Washington, D.C., comes as a number of social issues have been simmering this week, including a slew of bills seeking to restrict abortion rights as well as gun control, immigration, and gay marriage–all of which have been central to the national discourse in recent months.

But the Faith and Freedom Coalition’s ideals may not jive with the Republican National Committee, which in its post-election autopsy report said the GOP needs to be more “inclusive and welcoming” when it comes to social issues. Otherwise, the report said, the party’s ability to attract younger voters and women may be diminished.

That didn’t stop conservatives from going full force at the conference, however. Here are some key moments thus far:

Sen. Rand Paul says the U.S. is funding a global ‘war against Christianity’ : Talk about fear-mongering. The Kentucky libertarian insisted there’s a “war against Christianity” being spearheaded by liberal elites at home and worldwide. “You, the taxpayer, are funding it,” Paul argued. “You are being taxed to send money to countries that are not only intolerant of Christians but openly hostile.” The senator has repeatedly called for ending aid to countries that have a large population of Muslims, including Libya, Pakistan, and Egypt.

Sen. Marco Rubio plays up his pro-life stance: The Florida senator and rising GOP star said the audience should not be silenced from speaking about the values they’ve fought for. “We know that every single human life—whether they can speak or not, whether they are born or not, whether they have a lawyer or not, whether they are registered to vote or not, every single life has value,” said Rubio while making a moral argument for immigration reform. He added those people “deserve protection of our laws and values.”

Chris Christie is a no-show: Perhaps almost as important who attends the conference is who isn’t there. The popular, up for re-election, New Jersey governor declined to attend the conference. Instead, he’ll be in Chicago on Friday to attend a symposium sponsored by the Clinton Global Initiative, the foundation spearhead by former Democratic President Bill Clinton.

Michele Bachmann says immigration reform will wreak havoc on our tax system:The retiring Republican congresswoman and failed presidential candidate struck a different note than Bush on creating a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants.

“The estimate is that the average illegal alien that comes into the United States, the average age is 34 years old. The average education level is about 10thgrade,” said Bachmann. “That’s not to demean the person coming into the United States for a lack of education. But it isn’t prudent to think that if you are 34 years of age with a 10thgrade education or less, it’s tough to believe that that person will be paying more in taxes than they will be receiving in benefits.” She also argued reform would hurt Hispanics and African-Americans who “already suffer very high levels of unemployment.”

Mark Sanford worries he’s ‘not worthy’: The disgraced, former South Carolina governor–who recently won a seat in Congress–acknowledged his extramarital affair, which derailed his gubernatorial career. “I recognize the ways in which I am not worthy of offering my opinion and my perspective to you on a whole range of things due to my failures in 2009,” said Sanford, who said he initially turned down the offer to speak at the conference. The Republican said, however, that he decided to attend because he “believed in the God of second chances.”

Paul Ryan tries to explain his 2012 loss: The Wisconsin congressman and failed vice presidential candidate said he and Mitt Romney lost last year because they were railing against the “empty promises” of Obama’s healthcare law, which had not yet been implemented.

“Remember, in his first two years, he passed his big program, but he didn’t implement his program,” Ryan said. “Now in his second term, we’re seeing it implemented. And it’s pretty darn ugly.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   0236717-c967782098649a271db8f83fc103624c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010501 00000000000 014635  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Origin hit by solar and efficiency demand drop

Our story on AGL today detailed how they are grappling with a struggle to maintain profitability in their retail business with electricity demand declining. And Origin Energy appears to be suffering a similar fate, experiencing a 21 per cent or $280m decline in earnings in its utility energy markets division, due primarily to loss of sales in the mass market segment (households and small business energy consumers).

The company puts this down to energy efficiency trends, historically warm winter weather and solar PV penetration as well as Origin’s operating costs increasing. Also, the company believes this trend of dropping electricity consumption driven by solar and energy efficiency will persist in the near term.

Origin actually breaks the drop in earnings down further, attributing $27m of the reduction in sales volumes to warm May and June weather as well as $52m due to more structural changes from uptake of solar PV and energy efficiency with another large chunk due to increased operating costs and loss of electricity customers to competitors. Overall, earnings per electricity customer were down 23 per cent on the prior financial year.

Origin, like AGL, is also talking up its ability to vertically integrate into the customer-side of the grid to counter the loss of margins through lower grid-based electricity volumes. In its presentation to investors it states it is focusing on development of a “revitalised solar business, smart meter technology, electric vehicles, distributed generation and storage”.

However, Origin does not elaborate on what is meant by its “revitalised strategy in solar”. In its latest results it notes gross profit decreased in its non-energy commodity business dropped by 35 per cent, or $17 million, primarily due to lower demand for rooftop solar PV systems. Origin used to be the largest solar retailer in the country but in the last few years its market share has declined dramatically.

At the same time Origin’s presentation seems to indicate that it is hopeful regulatory changes might alleviate declines in power consumption, such as changes to the Renewable Energy Target and adjusting network charges away from being averaged across energy consumption to more of a fixed nature.

Also, the company notes they’d be looking to limit capital investment in their energy markets division. This seems to suggest they see better opportunities in oil and gas rather than funneling money into provision of innovative energy solution offerings to replace lost grid sales.

Also just like AGL, Origin see prospects for returns to improve in conventional power generation with large price rises possible. They believe that there will be a mass withdrawal of around 15 terrawatt-hours of gas fired generation from the NEM as LNG plants suck in this gas. They also expect some further power plant capacity to be retired.

The utilisation of their mix of power plants (detailed in the table below) underlies the shift we’ll see. Darling Downs and Mortlake are running at quite high capacity factors given their position in the power plant merit order while the coal-fired Eraring operated at less than half its full capacity (45 per cent capacity factor).

Figure 1: Performance of Origin Energy power plants – 2013-14

[wysiwyg_field wf_deltas="0" wf_entity_vid="1287751" wf_field="field_wysiwyg_media" wf_formatter="aibm_ui_media_output" wf_settings-style="full_width" wf_cache="1408598217" wf_entity_id="860081" wf_entity_type="node"]

One can imagine with gas rising to around $8 per gigajoule these plants will almost drop off the grid while Eraring’s output will increase considerably.

If you add to this a very large cut to the Renewable Energy Target as part of a shift to a so-called “real 20 per cent” then Eraring won’t have to compete against more wind farms like Cullerin Range which, at nearly a 40 per cent capacity factor, is not far off Eraring’s utilisation rate.

Setting the agenda for Australia's $150BN agribusiness sector The program for Australia's premier agribusiness conference - The Global Food Forum - is set. Hear from more than 30 industry leaders including PepsiCo's CEO, Danny Celoni, Jayne Hrdlicka, CEO of A2 Milk Company, Barry Irvin, Executive Chairman, Bega Cheese and Costco's Managing Director, Patrick Noone. Sheraton Grand Sydney Hyde Park Book Now                                                                                                                                                                                               0236847-c93f24d2b9476ffcaebebe1ba005aa8a.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000010351 00000000000 015544  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        There’s a famous story relayed by Pliny the Elder in his Natural History that Cleopatra drank the largest pearls in the world dissolved in vinegar on a bet with Marc Antony.

There were formerly two pearls, the largest that had been ever seen in the whole world: Cleopatra, the last of the queens of Egypt, was in possession of them both, they having come to her by descent from the kings of the East. When Antony had been sated by her, day after day, with the most exquisite banquets, this queenly courtesan, inflated with vanity and disdainful arrogance, affected to treat all this sumptuousness and all these vast preparations with the greatest contempt; upon which Antony enquired what there was that could possibly be added to such extraordinary magnificence. To this she made answer, that on a single entertainment she would expend ten millions of sesterces. Antony was extremely desirous to learn how that could be done, but looked upon it as a thing quite impossible; and a wager was the result. On the following day, upon which the matter was to be decided, in order that she might not lose the wager, she had an entertainment set before Antony, magnificent in every respect, though no better than his usual repast. Upon this, Antony joked her, and enquired what was the amount expended upon it; to which she made answer that the banquet which he then beheld was only a trifling appendage to the real banquet, and that she alone would consume at the meal to the ascertained value of that amount, she herself would swallow the ten millions of sesterces; and so ordered the second course to be served. In obedience to her instructions, the servants placed before her a single vessel, which was filled with vinegar, a liquid, the sharpness and strength of which is able to dis-solve pearls. At this moment she was wearing in her ears those choicest and most rare and unique productions of Nature; and while Antony was waiting to see what she was going to do, taking one of them from out of her ear, she threw it into the vinegar, and directly it was melted, swallowed it.

It hasn’t been taken terribly seriously by historians because as you can see, Pliny deploys the story more as an illustration of Antony and Cleopatra’s dissipated, luxurious wastefulness than a realistic description. Besides, a basic test of the tall tale fails: if you drop pearls in vinegar, even highly acidic vinegar, they don’t melt. At least not right away like they do in Pliny’s story.

Classicist Prudence Jones of Montclair State University decided to explore the pearls-in-vinegar possibilities. She didn’t discount the story as fiction off the bat, especially since Cleopatra was said by ancient physician Galen to be well-versed in poison lore. She also wrote a book on cosmetics — fragments of which still exist — displaying an extensive knowledge of chemistry.

Jones began experimenting with calcium tablets, then oyster shells in vinegar. Then in a shocking break, a jeweler gave her two 5 frikkin carat pearls to test.

“Experiments reveal that a reaction between pearls and vinegar is quite possible,” concludes the study. Calcium carbonate plus the vinegar’s acetic acid in water produces calcium acetate water and carbon dioxide, for chemistry fans. Jones finds a 5% solution of acetic acid, sold in supermarkets today and well within concentrations produced naturally by fermentation, takes 24 to 36 hours to dissolve a 5-carat pearl. Boiling the vinegar, or crushing the pearl, or both, greatly speeds up the reaction, perhaps to under 10 minutes. Interestingly, stronger solutions of acetic acid greatly slows down dissolving (the water takes part in the reaction), something that may have hindered folks testing Pliny’s veracity in the past.

So the straight from earring to vinegar then down the hatch process either didn’t happen, or Cleopatra fixed the bet by softening the pearl for a day or two before wearing them at dinner, or she had the vinegar boiled before dropping in the pearls. I could totally see her hustling Marc Antony like that.

This entry was posted on Friday, July 23rd, 2010 at 11:19 PM and is filed under Ancient, Modern(ish). You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236294-f800a616f3120ac7654b807a16037e7c.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000002461 00000000000 014663  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        A lot of unexpected pleasure can be found listening to audio commentaries. It’s not only about learning a thing or two about the creative and filmmaking process from wise directors or eloquent actors and film crew members. It’s not even about changing the way you perceive the films in question, although from our experience, the viewer’s understanding and appreciation of films is often deepened by these inside analyses. Quite possibly the greatest thing about audio commentaries is that they give us an otherwise impossible opportunity to enjoy great films in the company of great filmmakers. Ladies and gentlemen, lend them your ears. The experience is nothing but rewarding. The quote from the title belongs to Steven Soderbergh. Here’s our selection, mostly from YouTube.

Legendary screenwriter Robert Towne and director David Fincher sit down for an informative and interesting commentary that examines the many facets of this fascinating film. Topics include the simplicity and understated power of Polanski’s direction, the movie’s distinctive music, choice of aspect ratio, the performances of Nicholson, Dunaway, and Huston, and the myriad nuances and creative touches that distinguish the film and separate it from others in its class. —David Krauss’ review of the film’s superb transfer to Blu-ray                                                                                                                                                                                                               0236814-09972f8feb9cd8720aef410562569517.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003354 00000000000 014725  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        PRODUCTION Estonia

by Laurence Boyce

27/02/2014 - The film was recently announced as the recipient of co-production funds from the Estonian Film Institute

The new Estonian-German-Finnish co-production The Fencer – which is partly based on the real life of Estonian sportsman and coach Endel Nelis – has begun shooting in the small Estonian town of Haapsalu.

In 1952, the young fencing champion Endel arrives in Haapsalu to work as a physical education teacher. But Nelis is an introvert and finds it difficult to communicate with his young pupils. In spite of opposition from the school’s headteacher, Endel gets permission to teach the children how to fence.

(The article continues below - Commercial information)

Soon, the fencing turns out to be a form of therapy for both the children and Endel, all of whom are dealing with a grim everyday post-war reality. But the vindictive headmaster holds a grudge against Endel and decides to find out the real reasons for his coming to town.

The Estonian-language film will be directed by Finnish director Klaus Härö, perhaps best known for his 2009 feature Letters to Father Jacob , which screened at the likes of Busan and Estonia’s own Black Nights Film Festival. The screenplay has been written by Anna Heinämaa. The film stars Märt Avandi (who some will remember as the co-host of the 2010 European Film Awards when it was held in Estonia’s captial of Tallinn) in one of his first major feature-film roles and the legendary Estonian actor Lembit Ulfsak.

The production companies involved are Making Movies, Kick Film and Allfilm, and the movie’s budget is €1.9 million, €200,000 of which has been provided by the Estonian Film Institute’s International Minority Co-Production Fund (see news).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    0236955-2738d42b6142e96b573f050ce74f8dc2.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000020331 00000000000 014766  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Illustration by Natalie Matthews-Ramo

This essay is adapted from Nonsense: The Power of Not Knowing, by Jamie Holmes, published by Crown.

On the evening of Tuesday, Oct. 13, Holmes will discuss Nonsense with New Yorker contributing writer Maria Konnikova at a Future Tense event in New York. For more information and to RSVP, visit the New America website.

In 2005, University of Rochester researchers published a study on medical ambiguity. Led by psychologist David Seaburn, the investigators hired actors to pose as patients and visit local physicians. During some visits, the “patients” described the classic symptoms of gastroesophageal reflux. During other visits, ambiguous symptoms were described: some emotional stress, dizziness, fatigue, and mysterious chest pains. Each visit was secretly audiotaped, and then the researchers transcribed and coded the physician-patient interactions.

Their results were troubling. Twenty-two percent of the time, the physicians simply ignored the ambiguity. For instance, after a patient described “vague symptoms of general chest pain,” the doctor would respond with a statement of “fact”: “Your pain is caused by gastroesophageal reflux.” Seventy-seven percent of the time, they acknowledged that the symptoms were unclear, only to follow up with a directive such as ordering a test. The doctors simply were not inclined to discuss the ambiguous symptoms.

Studies like Seaburn’s have led to increased attention to medical ambiguity in recent years. Psychologists have shown that there is a fundamental tension between the ubiquity of ambiguity and our natural preference for definite answers. Misunderstanding that tension and putting too much faith in tests to resolve ambiguity, it turns out, is one cause of medical overtesting.

Ordering a test is often appropriate, but it can also be an all-too-easy response to ambiguity. Furthermore, tests results aren’t always clear, which can lead to a cascade of unnecessary tests, a phenomenon identified in a 2013 experiment led by Cornell’s Sunita Sah. Sah, Pierre Elias, and Dan Ariely recruited a group of more than 700 men between the ages of 40 and 75 and randomly assigned them to one of four conditions. One group received information about the risks and benefits of a prostate biopsy. The other groups also received one of three hypothetical results from the prostate-specific antigen screening test, which informs the decision to have a biopsy: normal, elevated, or inconclusive. An inconclusive test result, subjects were informed, “provides no information about whether or not you have cancer.” Would the men proceed with the hypothetical biopsy?

Of subjects who weren’t given the PSA screening results, only 25 percent chose to proceed with the prostate biopsy. But 40 percent of subjects who received inconclusive PSA test results opted for the procedure. That’s a meaningful increase among those who received a result clearly explaining that it “provides no information.” Somehow, the very idea of not knowing something led to a panicky commitment to more invasive testing. Since prostate biopsies are not only risky but costly, the increased call for the biopsy is not insignificant. Sah and her colleagues described the problem as one of “investigation momentum.”

Investigation momentum, Sah told me, results in “additional, potentially excessive diagnostic testing when you get a result that’s ambiguous.” She doesn’t deny that there are many other causes of overtesting in the United States. The financial incentives involved are a mammoth issue, as is defensive medicine, whereby doctors treat patients to avoid potential lawsuits. But one overlooked cause, Sah said, is the self-propelling cascade of tests encouraged because of inconclusive results, ambiguity aversion, and a disproportionate faith in testing.

Diagnostic imaging technologies, in particular, seem prone to producing ambiguous results. Medical scans can be extraordinarily good at detecting abnormalities, but they are not always very good at revealing whether those abnormalities actually pose a problem.

In one quasi-experiment, orthopedist James Andrews ran MRIs on pitchers and found abnormal rotator cuff damage and abnormal shoulder cartilage in almost all of them. But there was a catch: They were all healthy pitchers. A 2014 study found that 1 in 5 breast cancers discovered by mammography and treated wasn’t actually a health threat. In another study, the use of CT scans or ultrasound to diagnose appendicitis increased from less than 10 percent at the start of the 1980s to more than 30 percent at the end of the 1990s. But the rate of misdiagnosed cases held steady at about 15 percent. Studies of autopsies before and after the introduction of ultrasound, CT, and radionuclide scanning, similarly, revealed that diagnostic accuracy hasn’t seemed to improve. The increase in imaging tests isn’t always justified, which is why the ABIM Foundation’s Choosing Wisely initiative has singled out the overuse of diagnostic imaging as a problem.

One contributing factor is that we put too much faith in technology to physically pinpoint the causes of poor health. In neurolaw, which applies brain imaging to criminal law, this dilemma is especially apparent. Neuroimaging evidence showing brain abnormalities has helped spare murderers from the death penalty. According to a database created by Duke University’s Nita Farahany, such evidence was considered in at least 1,600 cases between 2004 and 2012. Often that evidence’s effectiveness depends on locating abnormalities in the brain. One San Diego defense attorney boasted of introducing a PET scan as evidence of his client’s moral innocence: “This nice color image we could enlarge. … It documented that this guy had a rotten spot in his brain. The jury glommed onto that.”

James Fallon, a neuroscientist at the University of California–Irvine who has studied the brain scans of psychopathic murderers, is skeptical of applying brain scans to criminal cases. “Neuroimaging isn’t ready for prime time,” he told me. “There are simply too many nuances in interpreting the scans.” In an odd twist of fate, Fallon once subjected himself to a PET scan because his lab needed images of normal brains to contrast with abnormal ones. To his surprise, his prefrontal lobe looked the same as those of the psychopathic killers he’d long studied. The irony wasn’t lost on him. That Fallon never hurt anyone isn’t the point; it’s that one nonviolent person’s scan looked no different from a violent person’s.

Without question, doctors have used imaging technologies to great benefit, just as scientists are learning a great deal using brain scans. But images of the brain, like those of the rest of the body, do not always imply one-to-one causal relationships. Like abnormal should cartilage, brain abnormalities don’t mean that anything is necessarily wrong. Amanda Pustilnik, who teaches law at the University of Maryland, has compared neurolaw to phrenology, Cesare Lombroso’s biological criminology, and psychosurgery. Each theory or practice, Pustilnik wrote, “started out with a pre-commitment to the idea of brain localization of violence.” But the causes of violence, like the causes of poor health, do not usually begin in the body. They pass through it, and the marks they leave are often subtle and vague.

No one can blame practitioners or policymakers for their enthusiasm over new technological tools. But just as criminologists would be wiser to focus on the social—rather than biological—conditions that spur violence, physicians are usually better off treating the patient, not the scan. Most diagnoses, we know, can be made by chatting. New ways of seeing aren’t necessarily clearer ways of seeing, and sometimes, the illusion of knowing is more dangerous than not knowing at all.

Adapted from Nonsense: The Power of Not Knowing Copyright © 2015 by Jamie Holmes. Published by Crown Publishers, an imprint of Penguin Random House LLC.

This article is part of Future Tense, a collaboration among Arizona State University, New America, and Slate. Future Tense explores the ways emerging technologies affect society, policy, and culture. To read more, visit the Future Tense blog and the Future Tense home page. You can also follow us on Twitter.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236846-233c94f8215a664737e866692fb2bc1f.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000011331 00000000000 014716  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        “Around the year 2000 Carl Peterson inexplicably forgot how to draft. I can’t really say why, but for whatever reason Peterson became one of the worst drafters in the NFL practically overnight.”

That was me, two years ago after Carl Peterson “Stepped down”. There were many reasons to dislike the guy, and he made a lot of mistakes. But it always seemed like drafting was his most obvious Achilles heel. I can’t believe I’m saying this, but it might be time to re-think that.

Who are the best players on our team? I suppose answers to that question could vary, but there are a few obvious choices. Brandon Flowers, Tamba Hali, and Jamaal Charles would have to be first ballot for anyone who’s been paying attention. After that the waters muddy somewhat, but Dwayne Bowe and Derrick Johnson have certainly made strong cases for themselves this season. Branden Albert and Glenngary Glenn Dorsey are arguably our best linemen. Dustin Colquitt is a great punter. Brandon Carri s a good number two corner. What do these guys have in common? They were all drafted by Carl Peterson.

Look, I’m glad Carl’s gone. He deserved to be fired for a variety of reasons. And this isn’t meant to be a backhanded slap at Pioli, either. The 2010 draft class looks great. I’m just saying, all our best players were drafted by Carl. Todd Haley is winning games because of the talent Carl Peterson left behind.

The case can actually be made stronger. Even Eric berry, who had his coming out party yesterday, was essentially drafted to replace Bernard Pollard, another standout defender drafted by Carl. Javier Arenas came from the pick we received for Tony Gonzalez, another Peterson draftee. Brian Waters and Sweet Ron, our second-best linemen, were both brought in by the leather-wearing smug smile.

Look, Carl made some MASSIVE blunders on draft day. When he picked Junior Siavii my jaw dropped, and stayed dropped for two years. But Carl put together a great defense in the 90s, drafting Derrick Thomas, Neil Smith and Dale Carter and signing James Hasty. It appears he may have done it again right before he left. Flowers, Carr, Pollard, Hali, DJ and Dorsey (if you like). That amount of talent on one side of the ball is nothing to sneeze at. Turns out all those guys needed was some good coaching. I guess I shouldn’t be surprised our players got better when we upgraded from Herm, Gunther and Krumrie to Romeo Crennel. All hail Romeo Crennel. And his pants. God, I love those pants.

my thoughts on the game after the jump

We goin’ bullet points baby! Lazy blogger’s best friend:

Bowe. Dwayne Bowe. I’ve never loved watching a receiver like I love watching him. The YAC, the fades, the celebrations! My preseason prediction for D-Bowe was 1400 yards and 10 touchdowns. If he makes it there I want someone to send me a fruit basket. And none of that dried fruit either. Apricots my ass.

Are Perv Smith and Sweet Ron actually good? We’re almost halfway through the season now and those guys are still lookin’ mighty fine to my eyes. I saw Tin Man on the field at one point and was like “Get him out of here! I’m trying to watch our various fat guys play better than they should!”

Every time either Charles, McCluster or Moeaki touch the ball I worry they’re going to get hurt. Moeaki because of history, McCluster because of size and Charles because of they way he runs. I cringed several times Sunday. If we can get through the whole season without an injury to one of them it will be a miracle. But man, all three of those guys are really talented.

I think I may have identified a legitimate strength of Matt Cassel’s: not throwing interceptions. He might not be mobile, accurate, or have a strong arm, but he doesn’t throw picks. Not this year, anyway. I’ll go ahead and celebrate that.

Hey Todd Bouman’s wife, sit down and shut up.

These bogus pass interference calls are really getting to me. I’m still pretty angry at those refs. How does a guy on a limited budget go about getting revenge for something like that? I tried getting in a screaming match with a subway attendant; it didn’t work. I figured, you know, they’re both wearing uniforms, both disrespecting me (indirectly). After 10 beers it made sense. I don’t think I’m a very good drinker anymore.

So I guess I don’t get to make fun of Terry Copper now. That catch was sick.

Our coverage unit could use some work. Gary Stills, wherever you are, we need your help.

Now let’s hear it for NFL owners! They’re the real heroes.

I was angry after the first half, but never nervous. The zebras shepherded Jacksonville to a close game. In the end we gave them the beating they deserved. When you come to Arrowhead, you better come correct. Nice to be able to say that again in a non-sarcastic manner.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       0236786-ecc4652f4ee665e68e8457ec1727ecd3.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004636 00000000000 015244  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Survey proves: Judo needs prevention programs against knee injuries

Dr. Ralph Akoto and Dr. Christophe Lambert Klaus Müller / Watch: https://km-pics.de/

Former judoka Ralph Akoto and Christophe Lambert did a research on Judo injuries. JudoInside contributed a bit with some data, but both doctors now published their survey and summarised the essence of their research where knee injuries are the most common reason why judoka might even retire, or lose power after getting back.

We could show that ACL Rupture followed by Vertebral Disc Prolapse were common injuries for judo players and especially these to injuries led to the longest time loss and sporting performance reduction compared to other common judo injuries.

Anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) Rupture is a common injury in judo. After an ACL rupture, some Judokas came back as if nothing has ever been, like Ole Bischof, who suffered an ACL rupture and became Olympic Champion one and a half year after ACL surgery or Andreas Tölzer, who was two times runner up at world championship and was Olympic bronze medallist after he had ACL surgery. But not always it goes so well as in these cases. Until now, it is not clear how many Judokas suffer ACL injuries, how long it takes to come back and if they manage to bring the same performance, as before the injury.

A recent published study 4659 judoka were asked about the injuries they suffered in their career. Among other things, they were asked how long they needed to come back to judo and if they came back on the same performance level.

Watch the most common judo injuries in the picture below.

Anterior cruciate ligament ruptures were reported by nearly 10% of all judokas who took part in the study, among judokas with national or international performance level, the proportion was 14%.

ACL ruptures were the most serve injury type, with the largest proportion of Judokas with long time intervals until the came back and reduced performance level after coming back. 32% of the judoka needed 9 month ore more until they came back. Only 32% reached the same level of performance after they came back, 29% reported a strongly reduced performance level or even stopped Judo!

Sport-specific injury prevention programs against knee injuries have been successfully introduced in other sports with high rates of ACL ruptures like, soccer or handball. This study showed, that also in judo prevention programs against knee injuries are needed.                                                                                                  0236920-bea1931755bed3c7a8d162115d294bcb.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004106 00000000000 015157  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        Austin Police say 28-year-old Aaron Sweeney was arrested after he and another passenger got in a fight on a Southwest Airlines flight headed to Chicago out of ABIA. (Photo: Austin Police Department)

Austin Police say 28-year-old Aaron Sweeney, the passenger taken off a Southwest Airlines flight headed to Chicago from Austin-Bergstrom International Airport, put another passenger in a headlock and threatened a police officer.

The flight turned around and returned to ABIA, where Sweeney was arrested.

According to an affidavit, an employee with Southwest said she was in the rear of the plane when she heard a disturbance. When she went to check it out, she saw Sweeney holding another man in a headlock, and Sweeney was punching the other man in the face.

After the plane landed, police escorted both men off the plane. The victim told officers he was seated next to Sweeney, who he didn't know, and that Sweeney grabbed him in a headlock.

Thinking Sweeney was playing around, the victim told him to "cut it out." Sweeney then put the man in a headlock again and began punching him in the head.

Police handcuffed Sweeney before interviewing him, as officers say Sweeney was "bowing out his chest" and had clenched his fist while looking toward the victim.

Court documents state that Sweeney had signs of intoxication, with alcohol on his breath, glassy eyes and wobbly balance.



Police say the handcuffed Sweeney also jumped from a wheelchair and charged toward a Southwest employee at the airport before being restrained.

An officer also says Sweeney verbally challenged him, saying "you think you can take me one on one, I'll f*** you up."

Police strapped Sweeney to a wheelchair to remove him from the airport. They say he tried to resist arrest by pushing against the floor with his feet and attempting to overturn his wheelchair.

According to the affidavit, upon booking at the Travis County Jail, Sweeney proclaimed in front of a Travis County deputy that he was going to kill the arresting officer and repeated the officer's name and badge number several times "as if to etch it into his memory."                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          0236918-0256a16f1a9a60a021e5b99b684e4a50.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000023766 00000000000 014757  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        One of the main reasons to use a VPN is to make your internet activity private and secure. However, to get to that point, you’re going to have to invest a little bit of dough to ensure you have maximum anonymity. One good way to start that early is to for a VPN anonymously.

Some people don’t mind using a credit card or PayPal, but depending on if you’re lazy, or just a bit paranoid, there are actually ways that are not only incredibly easy but also very secure. In this detailed guide, we will show you how to pay for a VPN anonymously in 2017 with some updated methods not seen anywhere else!

IMPORTANT:

Do you have a large amount of Bitcoin? Consider storing it in a Bitcoin hardware wallet like KeepKey.

In this guide we will show you:

1. Why You Should Pay for a VPN Anonymously

2. Overview of Different Methods to Pay for a VPN Anonymously

3. How to Pay for a VPN with BitCoin

4. How to Pay for a VPN Using Gift Cards

5. How to Pay for a VPN with a Digital Debit Card

6. How to Hide your IP Address While Purchasing a VPN

Do I need to Pay for a VPN Anonymously?

When you pay for a VPN with a debit card of PayPal, you have to give up some information to ensure that there isn’t any fraud going on. One time on Reddit, I saw a user complaining that they had to give their billing address when paying with a debit card. But in reality, these companies HAVE to do this. These anti-fraud measures aren’t there for fun, or to store your information, but instead to verify that the card and information are being used by the owner and not someone else.

This debit card information is usually stored by the payment processing company, but the information can be linked back to your account. The same applies to Paypal as well, which could technically provide a link that could be traced back to you. However, if you’re using a no-log VPN, then there is NO link between your VPN activity and your personal account information anyway.

So the bottom line is that you are most likely OK to use a debit card or PayPal when using your VPN, but not all VPNs are created equal. Some VPNs do keep logs (peruse this chart if you want to know if yours does) and some people just don’t simply like to give up information they don’t have to–that could theoretically provide a link that could be traced.

Keeping that in mind, there are some people who would definitely benefit from paying for a VPN anonymously:

Journalist

While not as much of an issue in uncensored countries, countries like China, or middle eastern countries like Iran, or Russia, have been known to persecute journalists that are spreading information that is against the law. Or, this could be information the government simply doesn’t like. In some places, laws against journalists are very harsh. Paying for a VPN anonymously, in this case, would be a great idea.

Whistle Blower

Whistle Blowers might want to protect every inch of their internet privacy after exposing information meant to be kept secret. Most spy agencies are VERY powerful and have the capability to go after people who they deem dangerous to national security.

Activist

In the same category, an activist might either be a journalist or a whistleblower, or just someone online who is talking about controversial topics on Twitter in the wrong country. Some countries have strict laws that are very easy for internet activists to break.

While paying for a VPN anonymously has many benefits, you can’t set up recurring payments (however, we discovered–with TorGuard VPN you actually can). However, this is also an advantage if you don’t want to be billed over and over since some VPN providers purposely make it hard to cancel their service.

One of the best methods if you’re paying anonymously is to purchase longer subscriptions. Paying this way can be risky if you’re not sure if you like your VPN (that’s why we made this site–you can trust our reviews since we are often very picky). For example, for one month, TorGuard VPN is $9.99–but for 6 months, TorGuard is only $29.99. This is 50% off a regular month by month plan for 6 months.

Overview of Methods to Pay for a VPN Anonymously

In order to truly pay for a VPN service anonymously, you need to use payments which are untraceable.

1.Cryptocurrency

Cryptocurrency is one of the most popular ways to pay for a VPN. It can be a bit tricky to understand how it works, but check out this guide and you should be ready. Cryptocurrency comes in the form of payment options like BitCoin, Altcoin, and Litecoin. BitCoin is the most popular cryptocurrency and most VPN providers accept it. For a full list of which VPNs accept BitCoin, check out this article.

Pros

It’s very easy to pay with BitCoin, often easier than having to type in information for your card or PayPal

Very anonymous

BitCoin can be good to invest in since the value often rises with interest

Easy to move your money around with low fees

Exchange rate is very good

Cons

Sometimes VPN providers don’t like to give refunds for BitCoin

Some VPN providers don’t accept BitCoin

There’s a learning curve to BitCoin and cryptocurrency in general

2.Store Gift Cards

Did you know that you can use store bought gift cards to pay for a VPN? Say your grandma bought a gift card for you with cash, or you buy one for yourself with cash. There’s no way to trace who bought the card when you turn that digital currency into a payment for your VPN provider. In a sense, paying with a store bought gift card is almost like giving your VPN provider cash as payment.

Pros

Very anonymous

No learning curve

Can buy with cash

Cons

If you don’t have a gift card laying around, it means a trip to local grocery store (you can buy gift cards online too!)

(you can buy gift cards online too!) VPN provider might charge more

Only a few VPN providers accept gift cards (TorGuard and Private Internet Access)

3.Generated Debit card

This is our special find! Did you know that you can sign up to have digital debit cards connected to your bank account with privacy.com? All you have to do is connect your bank account, and then you can create debit cards (as many as you want) to pay for things online. Every single online store that accepts debit cards will accept these digital cards. The best part is you can cancel them to stop recurring subscriptions, and you don’t have to fish out your wallet.

Pros

256-bit AES encryption with your information

Masks your payments with digital cards

Extremely easy to use

All VPN providers will accept debit transactions

No fraud alerts

Cons

Brand new service that most people don’t know about yet (see people talking about it here)

How to Pay for a VPN with BitCoin

In order to pay with Bitcoin, you’ll need a Bitcoin wallet and some Bitcoins. Check out some of the places you can buy Bitcoin in this guide. Coinbase (guide from them here) is a good place to start, and it has a great mobile app.

Here’s how purchasing a VPN subscription with Bitcoins works with TorGuard VPN (TorGuard also accepts Altcoins):

Click “Buy Now”.

Choose your preferred payment option and checkout.

Choose “Bitcoin” upon checkout.

From here either pick, “pay with Bitcoin” or “subscribe with BitCoin”.

Copy the BTC address, and enter it into your BTC wallet, or scan the QR code to process the payment.

Once you do this, there will be a payment confirmation, and you will receive information in an email.

How to Pay for a VPN with Gift Cards

There are only a few VPNs that accept gift cards as a payment option. In this example, we will how you how to pay Private Internet Access VPN with a gift card payment.

Scroll down on the payment page until you see a red “get VPN access” framed by “pay anonymously with gift cards”.

From here, you can pick your chosen gift card. There’s a ton of options! You can even buy one with instant email delivery.

Then you just enter in your gift card information and check the balance. After this, you will see the exchange rate, and you just click “pay” to make the exchange. You will soon get an email confirmation with account details.

How to Pay for a VPN with a Digitally Generated Debit Card

While a new method to pay for VPN anonymously, this is also a very easy method and also a great way to pay for other online products and services. Privacy.com ensures that you have complete security with this method since it masks your identity with 256-bit AES encryption.

First, go to Privacy.com, then check out this slideshow explaining how to set up your account.

This slideshow requires JavaScript.

One you have your account setup go to your chosen VPN provider and checkout like you normally would with a debit card. Just “create your card” and copy paste the information in! You can make up an address as well as a billing name.

How to Hide Your IP Address While Buying a VPN

While we don’t normally recommend using public Wi-Fi at all (instead use a VPN at public Wi-Fi spots like Starbucks, McDonalds, Panera), these spots can be useful for paying for a VPN. Most VPN providers block proxies and VPN for payment. Instead, you can utilize a public IP.

If you use public Wi-Fi, your IP will be a public IP, not a private IP. Simply go to one of the previous locations listed, log into the Wi-Fi, and then purchase your VPN with an anonymous method while simultaneously hiding your normal IP by using a public IP.

Conclusion

It’s actually not that hard to pay for a VPN anonymously, so you mine as well do it! Here’s an overview of how to pay for a VPN anonymously in 2017:

There are multiple methods including BitCoin (or other cryptocurrencies), GiftCard, or digital cards that you can use to pay for your VPN anonymously

Use a valid email address when checking out to make sure you get your login details

Don’t use a VPN or Proxy, instead hide your IP in a public Wi-Fi space to ensure your transaction can’t be traced to your local IP

Thanks for reading our guide on how to pay for a VPN anonymously in 2017. Leave us questions in the comments!

If you need help with Bitcoin, or just have questions about VPNs, come on over to our forums.

Other Useful articles:          0236994-d178ca8da481058e6d055e228c206248.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000003715 00000000000 014713  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        * Incentives, energy demand leading solar growth in India

* Other big potential markets include South Africa, U.K.

LOS ANGELES, Jan 5 (Reuters) - As No. 1 global solar market Germany ratchets down subsidies for solar power this year, investors looking for the next hot market for the renewable energy source should be eyeing India, according to a report by Lux Research.

The report, released on Wednesday, looked at the growth potential of 15 emerging solar markets and found that India has massive potential because of government subsidies, a need for distributed generation and increasing energy demands.

“India comes away as by far the most attractive market for long term growth out of these that we looked at,” said Jason Eckstein, a Lux Research analyst and the report’s lead author.

Under its Solar Mission plan, unveiled last year, India is poised to add 20 gigawatts of solar power by 2022. The plan favors domestic manufacturers of crystalline silicon solar modules, including Moser Baer (MOSR.BO) and Tata BP Solar, a joint venture of Tata Power Co Ltd (TTPW.BO) and BP (BP.L).

In the United States, First Solar Inc (FSLR.O) is poised to benefit from India’s adoption of solar power because its solar panels are made of cadmium telluride and are not subject to the domestic content requirement.

Markets that could grow rapidly this year include Cyprus, Israel and Malaysia because of government subsidies, according to the report. Those markets are unlikely to be “the next Germany,” however, because of their small size.

The report said South Africa and the United Kingdom were potentially strong markets because of government support for solar power.

Russia, Brazil and Mexico were identified in the report as potentially large solar markets even though they do not have solar incentives. “They have ... a lot of room to grow, more rural populations and in some cases a real threat to their domestic energy supply,” Eckstein said. (Reporting by Nichola Groom)                                                   0236940-5272bcf4c58ecacf9cab24aacebf036b.txt                                                        0000644 0000000 0000000 00000004741 00000000000 015623  0                                                                                                    ustar                                                                   0000000 0000000                                                                                                                                                                        I’m not sure how to react to the rapid ascent of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) or “drones.” On the one hand, you have people using drones to film extreme sports, take breathtaking video footage in nature, and even get an overhead view of the construction of Apple’s new spaceship campus. But on the other hand, you have the idiots that were at the controls of not one, but five drones during a recent wildfire in southern California. The rubbernecking drones delayed the response of firefighting by nearly a half hour, when every minute counts in lessoning the spread of a fire.

Now we have would could be the most interesting use for a personal drone yet: a flying gun platform. Of course, the U.S. Military (and other military forces around the world) use drones to carry out missile strikes on enemy targets. But putting a gun on a commercial drone was something that didn’t even cross my mind until I saw the footage below:



The video shows a quad-rotor drone hovering in mid-air, firing a semi-automatic handgun four times within wooded property in Clinton, Connecticut. The drone, which was constructed by 18-year-old Austin Haughwout, an aspiring mechanical engineer, isn’t nearly as lethal as a Predator drone firing AMG-114 Hellfire missiles at insurgents, but it was enough to spook the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA).

“The FAA will investigate the operation of an unmanned aircraft system in a Connecticut park to determine if any Federal Aviation Regulations were violated,” said FAA spokesman Jim Peters when the video first surfaced earlier this month. “The FAA will also work with its law enforcement partners to determine if there were any violations of criminal statutes.”







While the gun-toting drone didn’t violate any state laws, Sgt. Jeremiah Dunn of the Clinton Police Department calls the contraption “alarming.” It doesn’t take a rocket scientist to think of the havoc that could be waged with a gun-toting drone in the hands of a nefarious operator, but the same can be said for a person that is actually holding a gun.

But even if firing guns from drones is deemed legal, it doesn’t make it right says attorney Peter Sachs. “There are countless ways that drones can be useful. Using one as a remote-controlled weapon is not one of them, and I question the judgment of anyone who would attempt to do so.”

What say you Hot Hardware readers; is this flying weapons platform a recipe for disaster or just a cool way for hobbyists to blow off some steam?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               